Those that remain are those that were headed by strong executives , men with the abilities to last almost 30 years in the competitive survival of the fittest .
those that [stay] are those that were headed by strong executives , men with the abilities to last almost 30 years in the competitive survival of the fittest .

The Plus Two remain at a fixed position with drums and guitar but the quartet covers the stage with a batch of instruments ranging from tuba to tambourine , and the beat is solid .
the plus two [stay] at a fixed position with drums and guitar but the quartet covers the stage with a batch of instruments ranging from tuba to tambourine , and the beat is solid .

Baseball commissioner Ford Frick has ruled that Ruth's record will remain official unless it is broken in 154 games .
baseball commissioner ford frick has ruled that ruth's record will [stay] official unless it is broken in 154 games .

The most famous undergraduate of South Philadelphia High School is a current bobby-sox idol , Dreamboat Cacophonist Fabian ( real name : Fabian Forte ) , 17 , and last week it developed that he will remain an undergraduate for a while .
the most famous undergraduate of south philadelphia high school is a current bobby-sox idol , dreamboat cacophonist fabian ( real name : fabian forte ) , 17 , and last week it developed that he will [stay] an undergraduate for a while .

Must Berlin remain divided ? ?
must berlin [stay] divided ? ?

But if any realism and feeling for truth remain in the General Assembly , it is time for men of courage to measure the magnitude of the failure and urge some new approach .
but if any realism and feeling for truth [stay] in the general assembly , it is time for men of courage to measure the magnitude of the failure and urge some new approach .

New Jersey folk need not be told of the builder's march to the sea , for in a single generation he has parceled and populated miles of our shoreline and presses on to develop the few open spaces that remain .
new jersey folk need not be told of the builder's march to the sea , for in a single generation he has parceled and populated miles of our shoreline and presses on to develop the few open spaces that [stay] .

When she agrees , you can rest assured her position will remain unchanged .
when she agrees , you can rest assured her position will [stay] unchanged .

the West may or not remain satisfied with the kind of neutralism that U Thant represents .
the west may or not [stay] satisfied with the kind of neutralism that u thant represents .

Public men come and go but great issues of policy remain .
public men come and go but great issues of policy [stay] .

The play's device is to explore society's obsession with disaster and violence through the eyes of a group of artist's models who remain part of someone else's painting rather than just be themselves .
the play's device is to explore society's obsession with disaster and violence through the eyes of a group of artist's models who [stay] part of someone else's painting rather than just be themselves .

Expressed differently : if the price for becoming a faithful follower of Jesus Christ is some form of self-destruction , whether of the body or of the mind -- sacrificium corporis , sacrificium intellectus -- then there is no alternative but that the price remain unpaid .
expressed differently : if the price for becoming a faithful follower of jesus christ is some form of self-destruction , whether of the body or of the mind -- sacrificium corporis , sacrificium intellectus -- then there is no alternative but that the price [stay] unpaid .

And He laid down for him certain conditions : so that , if he kept the command of God , then he would always remain as he was , that is , immortal ; ;
and he laid down for him certain conditions : so that , if he kept the command of god , then he would always [stay] as he was , that is , immortal ; ;

Thus , the Mahayana metaphysic of mystical union for salvation was distilled down to a bare self-seeking , and for this reason , the mystic in Asia did not long remain in isolated contemplation .
thus , the mahayana metaphysic of mystical union for salvation was distilled down to a bare self-seeking , and for this reason , the mystic in asia did not long [stay] in isolated contemplation .

When they have 4 to 6 leaves and are thrifty little plants , it's time to set them out where they are to remain .
when they have 4 to 6 leaves and are thrifty little plants , it's time to set them out where they are to [stay] .

What targets still remain to be hit ? ?
what targets still [stay] to be hit ? ?

Each completed locking bar should remain in place as the work progresses to insure snug fitting .
each completed locking bar should [stay] in place as the work progresses to insure snug fitting .

Even when they are finished , however , the contrast will remain , for Istanbul is the only city in the world that is built upon two continents .
even when they are finished , however , the contrast will [stay] , for istanbul is the only city in the world that is built upon two continents .

His various aesthetic postulates remain as landmarks of a house divided against itself : Supra-Expressionism , Neo-Paganism , Neo-Classicism , Neo-Romanticism , Neo-Jazz , Neo-Ecclesiasticism , Neo-Popularism , and most recently , Post-Serialism -- all competing with each other within one composer ! !
his various aesthetic postulates [stay] as landmarks of a house divided against itself : supra-expressionism , neo-paganism , neo-classicism , neo-romanticism , neo-jazz , neo-ecclesiasticism , neo-popularism , and most recently , post-serialism -- all competing with each other within one composer ! !

For many of these measurements the chest must be opened , but the blood vessels and the heart itself remain undisturbed .
for many of these measurements the chest must be opened , but the blood vessels and the heart itself [stay] undisturbed .

One of the advantages of this method is that the `` pill '' can remain in the patient for several days , permitting observation under natural conditions .
one of the advantages of this method is that the `` pill '' can [stay] in the patient for several days , permitting observation under natural conditions .

But with all the changes in philosophy , dress and terrain -- a few things remain constant , including the devotion of Americans to the great field sports , hunting and fishing .
but with all the changes in philosophy , dress and terrain -- a few things [stay] constant , including the devotion of americans to the great field sports , hunting and fishing .

The state's railroad system counted miles of broken bridges and missing rights-of-way : it would obviously remain out of commission for weeks .
the state's railroad system counted miles of broken bridges and missing rights-of-way : it would obviously [stay] out of commission for weeks .

Of course , there remain many `` old-fashioned '' marriages in which the husband maintains his supremacy .
of course , there [stay] many `` old-fashioned '' marriages in which the husband maintains his supremacy .

He is a target of ridicule to his wife , and often -- since private affairs rarely remain private -- to the outside world as well .
he is a target of ridicule to his wife , and often -- since private affairs rarely [stay] private -- to the outside world as well .

Folklore is his hobby , and he , all too rightly , wishes it to remain as such .
folklore is his hobby , and he , all too rightly , wishes it to [stay] as such .

If William wished to continue operations for a year , why not simply leave the Negroes undisturbed and pay them `` as high wages to remain there as are ever paid the labor of persons of their sex & age .
if william wished to continue operations for a year , why not simply leave the negroes undisturbed and pay them `` as high wages to [stay] there as are ever paid the labor of persons of their sex & age .

William was adamant on one point : under no circumstances would he allow the Negroes to remain on the plantation with his and Henry's slaves if they were told of their coming freedom .
william was adamant on one point : under no circumstances would he allow the negroes to [stay] on the plantation with his and henry's slaves if they were told of their coming freedom .

Thus twenty `` black souls '' were to remain ignorant of their imminent journey to the land of free men .
thus twenty `` black souls '' were to [stay] ignorant of their imminent journey to the land of free men .

Otherwise , freedom would mean removal from the state in which `` as the place of their past residence from birth , or for many years , it would be materially for their advantage to be at liberty to remain '' .
otherwise , freedom would mean removal from the state in which `` as the place of their past residence from birth , or for many years , it would be materially for their advantage to be at liberty to [stay] '' .

the slaves were to remain as wage laborers for his account .
the slaves were to [stay] as wage laborers for his account .

Many a student was able to remain at Spelman , only because of her unobtrusive help .
many a student was able to [stay] at spelman , only because of her unobtrusive help .

Cattle were inclined to remain in a territory with which they were acquainted .
cattle were inclined to [stay] in a territory with which they were acquainted .

As long as the bar prefers to adduce evidence by written deposition , rather than viva voce before an authoritative judicial officer , I fear that the antiquated rules will remain unchanged , and expensive prolixity remain the best known characteristic of Equity '' .
as long as the bar prefers to adduce evidence by written deposition , rather than viva voce before an authoritative judicial officer , i fear that the antiquated rules will [stay] unchanged , and expensive prolixity [stay] the best known characteristic of equity '' .

The fundamental difficulty of which the Selden case was `` a striking ( though not singular ) example '' , concluded Hough , `` will remain as long as testimony is taken without any authoritative judicial officer present , and responsible for the maintenance of discipline , and the reception or exclusion of testimony '' .
the fundamental difficulty of which the selden case was `` a striking ( though not singular ) example '' , concluded hough , `` will [stay] as long as testimony is taken without any authoritative judicial officer present , and responsible for the maintenance of discipline , and the reception or exclusion of testimony '' .

Melies , however , out of his professional instincts as a magician , discovered and made use of a number of illusionary techniques that remain part of the vocabulary of film .
melies , however , out of his professional instincts as a magician , discovered and made use of a number of illusionary techniques that [stay] part of the vocabulary of film .

Probably a larger percentage of Virginians and South Carolinians remain unreconstructed than elsewhere , with Georgia , North Carolina , and Alabama following along after them .
probably a larger percentage of virginians and south carolinians [stay] unreconstructed than elsewhere , with georgia , north carolina , and alabama following along after them .

Most of them sincerely believe that the Anglo-Saxon is the best race in the world and that it should remain pure .
most of them sincerely believe that the anglo-saxon is the best race in the world and that it should [stay] pure .

But those among the Bourbons who remain unreconstructed go much further than this .
but those among the bourbons who [stay] unreconstructed go much further than this .

These fundamental ideas -- the indivisibility of sovereignty and its dual ( internal-external ) aspects -- still remain the core of that concept of ultimate political power .
these fundamental ideas -- the indivisibility of sovereignty and its dual ( internal-external ) aspects -- still [stay] the core of that concept of ultimate political power .

The form and the chaos remain separate .
the form and the chaos [stay] separate .

Whether any of us remain in it long will depend on what happens as a result of the technological and economic revolutions now going on in the countries of Asia and Africa , and also of course on how long the cold war remains cold .
whether any of us [stay] in it long will depend on what happens as a result of the technological and economic revolutions now going on in the countries of asia and africa , and also of course on how long the cold war remains cold .

He is not one to remain more comfortably and unquestioningly within a body of social , cultural , or literary traditions than he was within the traditions -- or possibly the regulations -- governing his tenure in the post office at Oxford , Mississippi , thirty-five years ago .
he is not one to [stay] more comfortably and unquestioningly within a body of social , cultural , or literary traditions than he was within the traditions -- or possibly the regulations -- governing his tenure in the post office at oxford , mississippi , thirty-five years ago .

When combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least embodied in a material substratum , it becomes clear that while earth will be dross on a scale of material-formal ratios , celestial bodies will be of a subtle , quickened , ethereal existence , in whose embodiment pure form will be the dominant component and matter will be absent or remain subsidiary .
when combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least embodied in a material substratum , it becomes clear that while earth will be dross on a scale of material-formal ratios , celestial bodies will be of a subtle , quickened , ethereal existence , in whose embodiment pure form will be the dominant component and matter will be absent or [stay] subsidiary .

To remain secure and prosperous themselves , wealthy nations must extend the kind of co-operation to the less fortunate members that will inspire hope , confidence , and progress .
to [stay] secure and prosperous themselves , wealthy nations must extend the kind of co-operation to the less fortunate members that will inspire hope , confidence , and progress .

and yet remain unmoved '' .
and yet [stay] unmoved '' .

Seeing their hesitation , I said , `` Well , until I have permission to enter Germany , or a visa to re-enter France , I shall be obliged to remain here on the line between two countries '' , whereupon I moved to the side of the road , parked my backpack against the small guardhouse on the sidewalk , sat down , took out my typewriter , and began typing the above conversation .
seeing their hesitation , i said , `` well , until i have permission to enter germany , or a visa to re-enter france , i shall be obliged to [stay] here on the line between two countries '' , whereupon i moved to the side of the road , parked my backpack against the small guardhouse on the sidewalk , sat down , took out my typewriter , and began typing the above conversation .

As I have said , words from Tennyson remain ever in my memory : `` That mind and soul , according well , May make one music as before '' .
as i have said , words from tennyson [stay] ever in my memory : `` that mind and soul , according well , may make one music as before '' .

Only those story tellers will remain who can `` imitate the style of the virtuous '' .
only those story tellers will [stay] who can `` imitate the style of the virtuous '' .

Although because of the important achievements of nineteenth century scholars in the field of textual criticism the advance is not so striking as it was in the case of archaeology and place-names , the editorial principles laid down by Stevenson in his great edition of Asser and in his Crawford Charters were a distinct improvement upon those of his predecessors and remain unimproved upon today .
although because of the important achievements of nineteenth century scholars in the field of textual criticism the advance is not so striking as it was in the case of archaeology and place-names , the editorial principles laid down by stevenson in his great edition of asser and in his crawford charters were a distinct improvement upon those of his predecessors and [stay] unimproved upon today .

Frederick Pohl's `` The Midas Touch '' ( 1954 ) predicts an economy of abundance which , in order to remain prosperous , must set its robots to consuming surplus production ; ;
frederick pohl's `` the midas touch '' ( 1954 ) predicts an economy of abundance which , in order to [stay] prosperous , must set its robots to consuming surplus production ; ;

God knows that Partisan and the rest often were , and remain , guilty of intellectual flatulence .
god knows that partisan and the rest often were , and [stay] , guilty of intellectual flatulence .

It seems to me that the prayers of the whole free world must rise like some vast petition to Providence that Sam Rayburn's vigor and his life remain undiminished through the coming decades .
it seems to me that the prayers of the whole free world must rise like some vast petition to providence that sam rayburn's vigor and his life [stay] undiminished through the coming decades .

It is the purpose of Armed Forces Day to give Americans an opportunity to honor men of the Armed Forces , those who have made the supreme sacrifice , those who remain to preserve our security .
it is the purpose of armed forces day to give americans an opportunity to honor men of the armed forces , those who have made the supreme sacrifice , those who [stay] to preserve our security .

There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $75,000,000 in all , ( A ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ;
there are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to [stay] available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $75,000,000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ;

When the aid operations are reorganized the Peace Corps should remain a semi-autonomous , functional unit .
when the aid operations are reorganized the peace corps should [stay] a semi-autonomous , functional unit .

But when there is not freedom and opportunity to choose , men -- individual men -- must remain in status and society does not , cannot , progress .
but when there is not freedom and opportunity to choose , men -- individual men -- must [stay] in status and society does not , cannot , progress .

Measurements of polarization are presently limited by apparatus sensitivity and will remain difficult because of the low intensity of the planetary radiation at the earth .
measurements of polarization are presently limited by apparatus sensitivity and will [stay] difficult because of the low intensity of the planetary radiation at the earth .

The radius is calculated from the mass by assuming spheres of density Af except for the smallest particles , which must have a higher mass density to remain in the solar system in the presence of solar-radiation pressure .
the radius is calculated from the mass by assuming spheres of density af except for the smallest particles , which must have a higher mass density to [stay] in the solar system in the presence of solar-radiation pressure .

But they are still enclosed in their larval cells and remain there throughout the summer , fall , and winter .
but they are still enclosed in their larval cells and [stay] there throughout the summer , fall , and winter .

However , many herpetologists remain skeptical and would prefer a tentative maximum of about 30 feet .
however , many herpetologists [stay] skeptical and would prefer a tentative maximum of about 30 feet .

As early as 1913 Ghoreyeb and Karsner demonstrated with perfusion studies in dogs that bronchial artery flow would remain constant at a certain low level when pressure was maintained in the pulmonary artery and vein , but that increases in bronchial artery flow would occur in response to a relative drop in pulmonary artery pressure .
as early as 1913 ghoreyeb and karsner demonstrated with perfusion studies in dogs that bronchial artery flow would [stay] constant at a certain low level when pressure was maintained in the pulmonary artery and vein , but that increases in bronchial artery flow would occur in response to a relative drop in pulmonary artery pressure .

The fundamental differences between physiological and pathological states of parasympathetic ( and also of sympathetic ) dominance remain to be elucidated .
the fundamental differences between physiological and pathological states of parasympathetic ( and also of sympathetic ) dominance [stay] to be elucidated .

Thus , although the agenda of external assistance in the economic sphere are cumulative , and many of the policies suggested for nations in the earlier stages remain relevant , the basic purpose of American economic policy during the later stages of development should be to assure that movement into a stage of self-sustaining growth is not prevented by lack of foreign exchange .
thus , although the agenda of external assistance in the economic sphere are cumulative , and many of the policies suggested for nations in the earlier stages [stay] relevant , the basic purpose of american economic policy during the later stages of development should be to assure that movement into a stage of self-sustaining growth is not prevented by lack of foreign exchange .

There remain many political and administrative problems to be solved .
there [stay] many political and administrative problems to be solved .

The initiative , administration and control remain primarily with the local school districts .
the initiative , administration and control [stay] primarily with the local school districts .

Even the states remain primarily in an assisting role , providing leadership and teacher training .
even the states [stay] primarily in an assisting role , providing leadership and teacher training .

The advantages and disadvantages of these two types of charting , bar charting and point and figure charting , remain the subject of fairly good-natured litigation among their respective professional advocates , with both methods enjoying in common , one irrevocable merit .
the advantages and disadvantages of these two types of charting , bar charting and point and figure charting , [stay] the subject of fairly good-natured litigation among their respective professional advocates , with both methods enjoying in common , one irrevocable merit .

Though the methods of deciding may be profound and diverse , the possible conclusions remain but two .
though the methods of deciding may be profound and diverse , the possible conclusions [stay] but two .

However , as witnessed by the large corporate bond calendar at present , as well as the record amount of municipal bond issues approved by voters , the over-all demands for capital funds seem likely to remain high , so that any downward pressure on rates from reduced demand should not be great .
however , as witnessed by the large corporate bond calendar at present , as well as the record amount of municipal bond issues approved by voters , the over-all demands for capital funds seem likely to [stay] high , so that any downward pressure on rates from reduced demand should not be great .

Recent events in the General Assembly of the United Nations confirm that the cold war will remain with us , and probably intensify , for the foreseeable future .
recent events in the general assembly of the united nations confirm that the cold war will [stay] with us , and probably intensify , for the foreseeable future .

Since marginal costs rise when the wage rate rises , the profit-maximizing price also rises when the public-limit price is elevated , and is likely to remain well above the latter .
since marginal costs rise when the wage rate rises , the profit-maximizing price also rises when the public-limit price is elevated , and is likely to [stay] well above the latter .

It was because of this chain-reaction as much as for any other reason -- that is , because of the growing independence of the planar unit in collage as a shape -- that the identity of depicted objects , or at least parts of them , re-emerged in Braque's and Picasso's papiers colles and continued to remain more conspicuous there -- but only as flattened silhouettes -- than in any of their paintings done wholly in oil before the end of 1913 .
it was because of this chain-reaction as much as for any other reason -- that is , because of the growing independence of the planar unit in collage as a shape -- that the identity of depicted objects , or at least parts of them , re-emerged in braque's and picasso's papiers colles and continued to [stay] more conspicuous there -- but only as flattened silhouettes -- than in any of their paintings done wholly in oil before the end of 1913 .

Until such work is done , there must remain the nagging suspicion that alienation may be little more than an expression of the malaise of the intellectual , who , rejected by and in turn rejecting the larger society , projects his own fear and despair onto the broader social screen .
until such work is done , there must [stay] the nagging suspicion that alienation may be little more than an expression of the malaise of the intellectual , who , rejected by and in turn rejecting the larger society , projects his own fear and despair onto the broader social screen .

The broad conclusions of that pioneering work remain undisturbed , but subsequent research has expanded and somewhat altered their empirical support , has suggested important revisions in the general analytic frame of reference , and has sharpened the meaning of particular analytic concepts in this area .
the broad conclusions of that pioneering work [stay] undisturbed , but subsequent research has expanded and somewhat altered their empirical support , has suggested important revisions in the general analytic frame of reference , and has sharpened the meaning of particular analytic concepts in this area .

From the dated poems we can venture certain conclusions about Hardy's career in poetry , always remembering that conclusions based on a fraction of the whole must remain tentative .
from the dated poems we can venture certain conclusions about hardy's career in poetry , always remembering that conclusions based on a fraction of the whole must [stay] tentative .

Off-flavor is a less severe problem with the radiopasteurization of meats , but problems of commercial acceptability remain .
off-flavor is a less severe problem with the radiopasteurization of meats , but problems of commercial acceptability [stay] .

The doctors had suggested Scotty remain most of every afternoon in bed until he was stronger .
the doctors had suggested scotty [stay] most of every afternoon in bed until he was stronger .

Cousin Joshua Dover decided to remain with the Reverend and poor Isaac Pitt until life passed away -- and he was hurt so badly he did not seem for long in this world .
cousin joshua dover decided to [stay] with the reverend and poor isaac pitt until life passed away -- and he was hurt so badly he did not seem for long in this world .

Refugees poured in , signing the Confession and rules in order to remain , and then disregarding them .
refugees poured in , signing the confession and rules in order to [stay] , and then disregarding them .

`` You are to be accused of Arianism to confuse the religious who remain loyal '' .
`` you are to be accused of arianism to confuse the religious who [stay] loyal '' .

Geneva must remain a sovereign state .
geneva must [stay] a sovereign state .

Someone would have to remain in the office continually .
someone would have to [stay] in the office continually .

He would remain in the tent , waiting impatiently , occupied by some trivial task .
he would [stay] in the tent , waiting impatiently , occupied by some trivial task .

But bitterness had more cause to remain , even increasingly to corrode .
but bitterness had more cause to [stay] , even increasingly to corrode .

It was evident that a captain should remain at his desk , directing with a firm hand and keeping a firm seat .
it was evident that a captain should [stay] at his desk , directing with a firm hand and keeping a firm seat .

What persuaded the cow-man to remain on Shayol ? ?
what persuaded the cow-man to [stay] on shayol ? ?

Now he saw that both the man and woman were moving slowly and irregularly , staggering , as if they found it a struggle to remain on their feet .
now he saw that both the man and woman were moving slowly and irregularly , staggering , as if they found it a struggle to [stay] on their feet .

And so she was , and would remain .
and so she was , and would [stay] .

I had also thought a lot about how God must look on true love , and so in a way I was keeping my promise to God , my promise to remain pure until I was married .
i had also thought a lot about how god must look on true love , and so in a way i was keeping my promise to god , my promise to [stay] pure until i was married .

During his second week at sea he brought the curious melody out of the instrument and suddenly wanted to force the biwa to remain at just that moment in its history when it had given him pleasure .
during his second week at sea he brought the curious melody out of the instrument and suddenly wanted to force the biwa to [stay] at just that moment in its history when it had given him pleasure .

Naturally , Viola had no wish to remain , but she felt she couldn't leave so soon after her arrival , in all politeness to her host .
naturally , viola had no wish to [stay] , but she felt she couldn't leave so soon after her arrival , in all politeness to her host .

The last Hercules crash was more than 20 years ago and the base say they remain confident in the safety of the transporter plane .
the last hercules crash was more than 20 years ago and the base say they [stay] confident in the safety of the transporter plane .

Several questions remain unanswered : would the police force be split into three at a time when the government is trying to rationalise the service . What would happen to the existing fire and Rescure cover ?
several questions [stay] unanswered : would the police force be split into three at a time when the government is trying to rationalise the service . what would happen to the existing fire and rescure cover ?

We 'd like to see them remain as houses .
we 'd like to see them [stay] as houses .

He was called to give evidence at this morning 's hearing , but , although he appeared at the witness stand he exercised his right to remain silent .
he was called to give evidence at this morning 's hearing , but , although he appeared at the witness stand he exercised his right to [stay] silent .

Only a few animals remain on Ryelands Farm at Leintwardine in north Herefordshire .
only a few animals [stay] on ryelands farm at leintwardine in north herefordshire .

But questions remain .
but questions [stay] .

The Defence Secretary has announced that the Royal dockyards at Devonport and Rosyth are to remain open .
the defence secretary has announced that the royal dockyards at devonport and rosyth are to [stay] open .

Bullingdon Prison is one of several new buildings designed to replace the Victorian institutions such as Oxford , but with so many people in jail , Oxford and many like it have to remain open .
bullingdon prison is one of several new buildings designed to replace the victorian institutions such as oxford , but with so many people in jail , oxford and many like it have to [stay] open .

Botulism tends to remain in one location , so it 's not a threat to Slimbridge .
botulism tends to [stay] in one location , so it 's not a threat to slimbridge .

But the National Meningitis Trust says parents must still remain vigilant .
but the national meningitis trust says parents must still [stay] vigilant .

In future years all that 'll remain will be two concrete stumps
in future years all that 'll [stay] will be two concrete stumps

The police are urging motorists to remain patient , but early evidence suggests the advice is n't being heeded .
the police are urging motorists to [stay] patient , but early evidence suggests the advice is n't being heeded .

He lived in the same house near Henley on Thames from 1935 , and remained inspired by English country scenes , like St Matthews near Lechlade and classic buildings like the Oxford buildings ensuring that his links with this region remain strong .
he lived in the same house near henley on thames from 1935 , and remained inspired by english country scenes , like st matthews near lechlade and classic buildings like the oxford buildings ensuring that his links with this region [stay] strong .

He lived in the same house near Henley on Thames from 1935 , and remained inspired by English country scenes , like St Matthews near Lechlade and classic buildings like the Oxford buildings ensuring that his links with this region remain strong .
he lived in the same house near henley on thames from 1935 , and remained inspired by english country scenes , like st matthews near lechlade and classic buildings like the oxford buildings ensuring that his links with this region [stay] strong .

Parents , however , remain unconvinced and are determined to halt the scheme.Coincidentally Upton is the town once served by priest Samuel Penney , a convicted sex offender .
parents , however , [stay] unconvinced and are determined to halt the scheme.coincidentally upton is the town once served by priest samuel penney , a convicted sex offender .

After the war the military organised a big cleanup in the forest — and the ministry of defence says there 's no reason to believe that any buried weapons still remain .
after the war the military organised a big cleanup in the forest — and the ministry of defence says there 's no reason to believe that any buried weapons still [stay] .

The original bricks and mortar might be pulled down but Leatherslade Farm will remain forever at the centre of the legend .
the original bricks and mortar might be pulled down but leatherslade farm will [stay] forever at the centre of the legend .

But there are no plans for the houses , many fear they 'll just remain a boarded-up eyesore instead of providing much-needed accomodation .
but there are no plans for the houses , many fear they 'll just [stay] a boarded-up eyesore instead of providing much-needed accomodation .

While that appeal is heard the defendant will remain in custody .
while that appeal is heard the defendant will [stay] in custody .

Only 10 year old , Levi will remain in England .
only 10 year old , levi will [stay] in england .

But other radioactive material will remain at the site until the ( 22nd ) twenty-second century .
but other radioactive material will [stay] at the site until the ( 22nd ) twenty-second century .

But the power station will remain radioactive for decades to come .
but the power station will [stay] radioactive for decades to come .

The Queen Mother is of course impeccably bred , though she 's failed to make it to the last 3 Chelsea Flower Shows and looks as if she 'll remain at home again this year .
the queen mother is of course impeccably bred , though she 's failed to make it to the last 3 chelsea flower shows and looks as if she 'll [stay] at home again this year .

If the inquiry rules that the paths must remain , then the clubhouse may have to be pulled down .
if the inquiry rules that the paths must [stay] , then the clubhouse may have to be pulled down .

The police file on the case will remain open , while the evidence is re-examined .
the police file on the case will [stay] open , while the evidence is re-examined .

But the Coroner says that for the time being , Marc 's death will remain a mystery .
but the coroner says that for the time being , marc 's death will [stay] a mystery .

In the meantime the police file on the case will remain open .
in the meantime the police file on the case will [stay] open .

The 250 stitches Stephen Thomas required have now been removed , but both physical and mental scars remain .
the 250 stitches stephen thomas required have now been removed , but both physical and mental scars [stay] .

Police chiefs remain concerned
police chiefs [stay] concerned

But actual car sales remain very slow .
but actual car sales [stay] very slow .

Most of the F1-11s will remain on active service at an airbase in the United States .
most of the f1-11s will [stay] on active service at an airbase in the united states .

That means Mr Maxwell will remain at the helm of the club at least for the short term .
that means mr maxwell will [stay] at the helm of the club at least for the short term .

He says that the device can reveal many things which would probably remain undiscovered because they 're under concrete .
he says that the device can reveal many things which would probably [stay] undiscovered because they 're under concrete .

Although Wallingford is likely to remain staunchly Tory at thforthcoming election among the business community confidence in the Government has taken a hard knock .
although wallingford is likely to [stay] staunchly tory at thforthcoming election among the business community confidence in the government has taken a hard knock .

The Prime Minister has repeated his plea for Scotland to remain in the United Kingdom warning that independence would lead to bitterness and chaos .
the prime minister has repeated his plea for scotland to [stay] in the united kingdom warning that independence would lead to bitterness and chaos .

The Government says there 's no reason why it should remain in public hands .
the government says there 's no reason why it should [stay] in public hands .

But questions remain over the long term benefits of the orphans ' visits .
but questions [stay] over the long term benefits of the orphans ' visits .

But questions remain over the long term benefits of the orphans ' visits .
but questions [stay] over the long term benefits of the orphans ' visits .

But only a handful of rare breed Gloucester cattle now remain at Maisemore Court .
but only a handful of rare breed gloucester cattle now [stay] at maisemore court .

And impressive though it is , at the moment , the mural will remain for the owner 's eyes only .
and impressive though it is , at the moment , the mural will [stay] for the owner 's eyes only .

And in the Provincial Insurance Cup , Tredworth beat Stow on the Wold 5-0 in the quarter finals and remain the sole Central South representatives in the competition .
and in the provincial insurance cup , tredworth beat stow on the wold 5-0 in the quarter finals and [stay] the sole central south representatives in the competition .

The northbound carriageway between junctions nine and ten is still blocked and we 're told it 's likely to remain blocked for the next two hours .
the northbound carriageway between junctions nine and ten is still blocked and we 're told it 's likely to [stay] blocked for the next two hours .

Some of the money was put up by a pensioner who wishes to remain anonymous .
some of the money was put up by a pensioner who wishes to [stay] anonymous .

It 's understood only two dogs remain in the house , in the care of his wife Veronica .
it 's understood only two dogs [stay] in the house , in the care of his wife veronica .

Again , careful handling can reduce many of the problems associated with this temperament , but these traits remain present and may be triggered when the horse is stressed .
again , careful handling can reduce many of the problems associated with this temperament , but these traits [stay] present and may be triggered when the horse is stressed .

These two reasons are understandable and forgiveable ( provided you can remain in control ! )
these two reasons are understandable and forgiveable ( provided you can [stay] in control ! )

In the public sector , both Queen 's University and the Arts Council of Northern Ireland remain our staunch and indispensable friends — as they have been since the Festival started , and since last year they have been joined by the Belfast City Council .
in the public sector , both queen 's university and the arts council of northern ireland [stay] our staunch and indispensable friends — as they have been since the festival started , and since last year they have been joined by the belfast city council .

The man wants to remain anonymous , and quite right !
the man wants to [stay] anonymous , and quite right !

The man standing in the middle of the room will remain anonymous .
the man standing in the middle of the room will [stay] anonymous .

But i it 's funny how what happens now ? Does this lump remain in me ? Or take it out ?
but i it 's funny how what happens now ? does this lump [stay] in me ? or take it out ?

She 'll get the house if The Sunnin Sunninghill the five million house , built for the couple at the Queen 's expense will remain Fergie 's home for the foreseeable future .
she 'll get the house if the sunnin sunninghill the five million house , built for the couple at the queen 's expense will [stay] fergie 's home for the foreseeable future .

The decision means the children will remain physically close to the queen and Princess Beatrice will be able to remain at the same school .
the decision means the children will [stay] physically close to the queen and princess beatrice will be able to [stay] at the same school .

An expedition spokesman said the pair could remain at Patriot Hills for a week depending on weather conditions .
an expedition spokesman said the pair could [stay] at patriot hills for a week depending on weather conditions .

The power-sharing agreement calls for the establishment of a national unity after the election of a Constituent Assembly which would remain in power for five or six years .
the power-sharing agreement calls for the establishment of a national unity after the election of a constituent assembly which would [stay] in power for five or six years .

How Gemma Gibson came to be left alone in a flat in Hammersmith , London seems likely to remain unclear until she comes back .
how gemma gibson came to be left alone in a flat in hammersmith , london seems likely to [stay] unclear until she comes back .

‘ We remain greatly concerned by the failure of the Iranian authorities to repudiate this incitement to murder and to repudiate the bounty , ’ the spokesman said .
‘ we [stay] greatly concerned by the failure of the iranian authorities to repudiate this incitement to murder and to repudiate the bounty , ’ the spokesman said .

Last night , as a tug prepared to remain on standby overnight , with a fresh refloating attempt planned for this morning , an environmental row erupted .
last night , as a tug prepared to [stay] on standby overnight , with a fresh refloating attempt planned for this morning , an environmental row erupted .

The non-domestic sewerage rate is recommended at 5p in the pound — a reduction of 0.4p — and the non-domestic water rate to remain at 7.5p .
the non-domestic sewerage rate is recommended at 5p in the pound — a reduction of 0.4p — and the non-domestic water rate to [stay] at 7.5p .

According to Renfrewshire Enterprise , the East India Dock is to remain a working harbour .
according to renfrewshire enterprise , the east india dock is to [stay] a working harbour .

But later , only a small cluster of people remain , grouped around the Martyr 's Cross where their candles burn to a carpet of wax .
but later , only a small cluster of people [stay] , grouped around the martyr 's cross where their candles burn to a carpet of wax .

With the Securitate still intact , people remain cautious .
with the securitate still intact , people [stay] cautious .

It came on a day of positive signs for the British economy , with the Bank of England saying it thought inflation would remain below the Government 's target of 4 per cent for the next two years , and cautious indications of a pick-up in high street spending .
it came on a day of positive signs for the british economy , with the bank of england saying it thought inflation would [stay] below the government 's target of 4 per cent for the next two years , and cautious indications of a pick-up in high street spending .

‘ In the short run , it is possible that inflation will exceed the top of the target range during calendar 1993 , but it is more likely that inflation will remain in the 3 per cent to 4 per cent range in the absence of any unexpected shocks , ’ the report said .
‘ in the short run , it is possible that inflation will exceed the top of the target range during calendar 1993 , but it is more likely that inflation will [stay] in the 3 per cent to 4 per cent range in the absence of any unexpected shocks , ’ the report said .

The board is considering requiring pubs to close at 1:30am across a three-mile-square area of Edinburgh , where many licenced premises remain open until 3am or 4am .
the board is considering requiring pubs to close at 1:30am across a three-mile-square area of edinburgh , where many licenced premises [stay] open until 3am or 4am .

Gemma , 11 , will remain in council care until next week .
gemma , 11 , will [stay] in council care until next week .

Gemma , 11 , will remain in council care until next week .
gemma , 11 , will [stay] in council care until next week .

It provides a much clearer image of the ‘ cherub-faced ’ boy than anything produced so far , though the features of the other boy remain indistinct .
it provides a much clearer image of the ‘ cherub-faced ’ boy than anything produced so far , though the features of the other boy [stay] indistinct .

Mr Carmichael was in contemplative mood yesterday after the news that betting shops would be allowed to remain open until 10pm during the summer months , bringing Scotland into line with England and Wales .
mr carmichael was in contemplative mood yesterday after the news that betting shops would be allowed to [stay] open until 10pm during the summer months , bringing scotland into line with england and wales .

However , until more work is done in determining the effects on patients , Prof Carter said it would be best to remain cautious .
however , until more work is done in determining the effects on patients , prof carter said it would be best to [stay] cautious .

Kennedy , 46 , from Stoke Newington , east London , will remain in custody pending the next trial , which the appeal judges said should be arranged at the Old Bailey ‘ as soon as conveniently possible ’ .
kennedy , 46 , from stoke newington , east london , will [stay] in custody pending the next trial , which the appeal judges said should be arranged at the old bailey ‘ as soon as conveniently possible ’ .

Strategy and reform remain trapped in the ideological confines of New Right political thought .
strategy and reform [stay] trapped in the ideological confines of new right political thought .

He said he still had to work out an acceptable solution to the dispute created by Israel 's deportation of 415 Palestinians from the occupied territories to an icy no man 's land in south Lebanon , where 396 of them remain .
he said he still had to work out an acceptable solution to the dispute created by israel 's deportation of 415 palestinians from the occupied territories to an icy no man 's land in south lebanon , where 396 of them [stay] .

If he does not become Chancellor , he will remain in the news anyway as he attempts to push through the Government 's toughest privatisation yet , British Rail .
if he does not become chancellor , he will [stay] in the news anyway as he attempts to push through the government 's toughest privatisation yet , british rail .

He said there would be no enforced redundancies , but some vacant posts would remain unfilled .
he said there would be no enforced redundancies , but some vacant posts would [stay] unfilled .

Mrs Falconer , a senior lecturer in textiles , has been told there is funding for only one textile lecturer in the school , but that she could remain on the staff if she accepted demotion to ordinary lecturer — a post already held by her sister , Barbara Diack .
mrs falconer , a senior lecturer in textiles , has been told there is funding for only one textile lecturer in the school , but that she could [stay] on the staff if she accepted demotion to ordinary lecturer — a post already held by her sister , barbara diack .

Meanwhile , Scotland is expected to remain in the slow lane of economic recovery , according to two surveys published yesterday .
meanwhile , scotland is expected to [stay] in the slow lane of economic recovery , according to two surveys published yesterday .

‘ Home Alone ’ girl to remain in council care
‘ home alone ’ girl to [stay] in council care

‘ Home Alone ’ girl Gemma Gibson ( 11 ) will remain in the care of Hammersmith Council , London , following a High Court hearing today at which she and her actress mother Yasmin — who is on police bail — were represented .
‘ home alone ’ girl gemma gibson ( 11 ) will [stay] in the care of hammersmith council , london , following a high court hearing today at which she and her actress mother yasmin — who is on police bail — were represented .

Centre manager Susan Nicol said the management team would remain the same and there would be no noticeable difference to shoppers or tenants in the way Cameron Toll was run — although it was hoped the new owners would invest in a facelift for the centre .
centre manager susan nicol said the management team would [stay] the same and there would be no noticeable difference to shoppers or tenants in the way cameron toll was run — although it was hoped the new owners would invest in a facelift for the centre .

Against this background , probing questions on marriage and reproductive intentions remain a prominent , if manifestly illegal , feature of legal recruitment interviews .
against this background , probing questions on marriage and reproductive intentions [stay] a prominent , if manifestly illegal , feature of legal recruitment interviews .

Provost Gibson McDonald , of Kyle and Carrick District Council , said he was very pleased that Digital was to remain at Ayr .
provost gibson mcdonald , of kyle and carrick district council , said he was very pleased that digital was to [stay] at ayr .

In contrast to earlier fears that the ‘ special relationship ’ might have been in jeopardy , he said he had no doubt that the president would remain a friend of Britain and that the relationship between the pair could not be more easy .
in contrast to earlier fears that the ‘ special relationship ’ might have been in jeopardy , he said he had no doubt that the president would [stay] a friend of britain and that the relationship between the pair could not be more easy .

Most humanitarian relief officials remain in their compounds ( because of the fighting ) .
most humanitarian relief officials [stay] in their compounds ( because of the fighting ) .

Certainly , he can enjoy the outcome for a day or two , but there is still a question mark over dealings in the longer term on the all-important economy , with the rivalry between the trading blocs dictating how ‘ special ’ the ‘ relationship ’ is likely to remain .
certainly , he can enjoy the outcome for a day or two , but there is still a question mark over dealings in the longer term on the all-important economy , with the rivalry between the trading blocs dictating how ‘ special ’ the ‘ relationship ’ is likely to [stay] .

How very kind of the Prime Minister to concede that Scotland entered the Union voluntarily ( though just how many of the population of the time actually volunteered is not mentioned ) and that they remain members voluntarily .
how very kind of the prime minister to concede that scotland entered the union voluntarily ( though just how many of the population of the time actually volunteered is not mentioned ) and that they [stay] members voluntarily .

Whether Highland should remain as a single-tier region or be divided into smaller units is likely to be one of the most difficult decisions Mr Lang faces as he reaches an advanced stage of drawing up his plans for local government reform .
whether highland should [stay] as a single-tier region or be divided into smaller units is likely to be one of the most difficult decisions mr lang faces as he reaches an advanced stage of drawing up his plans for local government reform .

Sutherland , stressing that it is the largest land-based district council area in Britain , is one of the Highland authorities that believes it should remain on its own .
sutherland , stressing that it is the largest land-based district council area in britain , is one of the highland authorities that believes it should [stay] on its own .

And the shortage of money in the country means that repairs often remain undone .
and the shortage of money in the country means that repairs often [stay] undone .

City councils for Edinburgh , Glasgow , Aberdeen and Dundee , remain front-runners for single-tier status .
city councils for edinburgh , glasgow , aberdeen and dundee , [stay] front-runners for single-tier status .

Many others do take it on board and a doctor must always remain an optimist .
many others do take it on board and a doctor must always [stay] an optimist .

How the action group started remain unclear .
how the action group started [stay] unclear .

Barely a dozen homes remain , clinging to the brow of a hill .
barely a dozen homes [stay] , clinging to the brow of a hill .

Currency traders around the world remain fearful that the Government will be tempted to cut interest rates and go for growth , risking a fresh fall in sterling and another bout of inflation .
currency traders around the world [stay] fearful that the government will be tempted to cut interest rates and go for growth , risking a fresh fall in sterling and another bout of inflation .

Asked about the mechanics of milk collection when the milk boards go , Mr Wiseman , said ideally he would like the present system to remain in place .
asked about the mechanics of milk collection when the milk boards go , mr wiseman , said ideally he would like the present system to [stay] in place .

They would remain subject to general company law and there would still be a third member of the board , the club secretary , who could in no way be called a cat 's paw .
they would [stay] subject to general company law and there would still be a third member of the board , the club secretary , who could in no way be called a cat 's paw .

Ian Lang can not remain complacently sitting on his hands in the face of an economic crisis which is damaging all our communities and condemning more than 80,000 Scots to long-term unemployment , ’ he said .
ian lang can not [stay] complacently sitting on his hands in the face of an economic crisis which is damaging all our communities and condemning more than 80,000 scots to long-term unemployment , ’ he said .

The survey indicates that sales volumes are up , but they still remain below what retailers would consider to be normal for the time of year .
the survey indicates that sales volumes are up , but they still [stay] below what retailers would consider to be normal for the time of year .

He will remain on the board of Saatchi as a non-executive director and will be replaced as chief executive by Charles Scott , who he brought with him into the company as finance director in January 1990 .
he will [stay] on the board of saatchi as a non-executive director and will be replaced as chief executive by charles scott , who he brought with him into the company as finance director in january 1990 .

The other problem is that as companies shed more labour to remain competitive , the fewer people there are who have real spending power and that in itself will be a major inhibiting factor on recovery .
the other problem is that as companies shed more labour to [stay] competitive , the fewer people there are who have real spending power and that in itself will be a major inhibiting factor on recovery .

Sir Colin said trading conditions remain ‘ difficult ’ and warned that the current quarter is ‘ invariably the weakest of the year ’ .
sir colin said trading conditions [stay] ‘ difficult ’ and warned that the current quarter is ‘ invariably the weakest of the year ’ .

Bank lending and consumer credit remain depressed and the analysts are still hopefully waiting for today 's figures on retail sales in January to provide some conclusive evidence that demand is poised to recover .
bank lending and consumer credit [stay] depressed and the analysts are still hopefully waiting for today 's figures on retail sales in january to provide some conclusive evidence that demand is poised to recover .

However , the administration of corporate pensions will remain in Edinburgh , where 200 people are currently employed .
however , the administration of corporate pensions will [stay] in edinburgh , where 200 people are currently employed .

This means the pricing basis will remain the same no matter what size deals are being done .
this means the pricing basis will [stay] the same no matter what size deals are being done .

The compost supplied especially for use in modules is best , as it can be compacted firmly ; this makes for blocks which remain in one piece when pressed out of their cells for transplanting .
the compost supplied especially for use in modules is best , as it can be compacted firmly ; this makes for blocks which [stay] in one piece when pressed out of their cells for transplanting .

Whatever the exact shape of the industry after 1994 , all the big players appear certain that liquid milk will remain a lucrative commodity to be involved in .
whatever the exact shape of the industry after 1994 , all the big players appear certain that liquid milk will [stay] a lucrative commodity to be involved in .

Yesterday , the deputy chairman and managing director , Geoffrey Whalen , said : ‘ Trading conditions will remain difficult and profit margins will continue to be depressed during 1993 . ’
yesterday , the deputy chairman and managing director , geoffrey whalen , said : ‘ trading conditions will [stay] difficult and profit margins will continue to be depressed during 1993 . ’

But Ryton , which makes the Peugeot 405 , saw its output remain virtually unchanged at about 88,000 vehicles .
but ryton , which makes the peugeot 405 , saw its output [stay] virtually unchanged at about 88,000 vehicles .

Distributing next year 's maintained payment between the two new companies has clearly not been an easy task and question marks must remain over the board 's decision just to split the 1993 payment straight down the middle with the promise that each company will not pay less than 27.5p a share .
distributing next year 's maintained payment between the two new companies has clearly not been an easy task and question marks must [stay] over the board 's decision just to split the 1993 payment straight down the middle with the promise that each company will not pay less than 27.5p a share .

Because operations remain vulnerable to low levels of economic growth in Shell 's main markets and also because of sluggish oil prices , the company will continue to put emphasis on the cost-effectiveness of its activities in the North Sea and elsewhere , as well as looking at ways of rationalising its portfolio of assets to maintain profitability .
because operations [stay] vulnerable to low levels of economic growth in shell 's main markets and also because of sluggish oil prices , the company will continue to put emphasis on the cost-effectiveness of its activities in the north sea and elsewhere , as well as looking at ways of rationalising its portfolio of assets to maintain profitability .

The service charge of 50p per week for all warden-controlled properties will remain unchanged , and the daily charge for guest room accommodation in sheltered housing will remain at £6 , as introduced in April , 1988 .
the service charge of 50p per week for all warden-controlled properties will [stay] unchanged , and the daily charge for guest room accommodation in sheltered housing will [stay] at £6 , as introduced in april , 1988 .

And the three-day week started at Kohlangaz last month will remain in operation .
and the three-day week started at kohlangaz last month will [stay] in operation .

Darlington 's reserves remain healthy , the £1.415m. to be spent in this year 's budget , said the director of central services .
darlington 's reserves [stay] healthy , the £1.415m. to be spent in this year 's budget , said the director of central services .

‘ Farming in general was having a tough time , the prices of most traditional agricultural commodities were declining in real terms , farms were having to become much larger to remain economically viable and most commentators felt things were not going to get much better in the short term indeed most said they were going to get worse . ’
‘ farming in general was having a tough time , the prices of most traditional agricultural commodities were declining in real terms , farms were having to become much larger to [stay] economically viable and most commentators felt things were not going to get much better in the short term indeed most said they were going to get worse . ’

The glass canopy , dating from when the property was used as a garage , and the existing facade would remain intact but the building behind would be demolished and rebuilt .
the glass canopy , dating from when the property was used as a garage , and the existing facade would [stay] intact but the building behind would be demolished and rebuilt .

Information from local estate agents shows the housing market to remain stagnant .
information from local estate agents shows the housing market to [stay] stagnant .

Chips were pretty good too , though the best in memory remain those at the Lord Stones Cafe on the top of Carlton Bank near Stokesley .
chips were pretty good too , though the best in memory [stay] those at the lord stones cafe on the top of carlton bank near stokesley .

Mr Fallon enjoys his job schools minister so much he has asked to remain in the Department of Education and Science if he wins the Darlington seat .
mr fallon enjoys his job schools minister so much he has asked to [stay] in the department of education and science if he wins the darlington seat .

Why do they remain so faithful to the Conservative Party ?
why do they [stay] so faithful to the conservative party ?

Although the Tories plan to reduce manpower by an average of 20pc across the three services they remain committed to several important new orders .
although the tories plan to reduce manpower by an average of 20pc across the three services they [stay] committed to several important new orders .

‘ Were the Conservatives to remain in office , that money would remain buried in the bank vaults , unable to benefit the people of our town . ’
‘ were the conservatives to [stay] in office , that money would [stay] buried in the bank vaults , unable to benefit the people of our town . ’

After leaving port , tankers and other vessels with hazardous cargo should exit coastal waters by agreed safe routes and remain well away from all coasts until they reach their destination .
after leaving port , tankers and other vessels with hazardous cargo should exit coastal waters by agreed safe routes and [stay] well away from all coasts until they reach their destination .

She told the judge that she now believed that Mr Ahmed , a Pakistani national , used the passport copy and subsequent marriage certificate to remain in this country .
she told the judge that she now believed that mr ahmed , a pakistani national , used the passport copy and subsequent marriage certificate to [stay] in this country .

She has also been told that she must not remain in the room after 11:30pm and that the campus is off limits for her 18-month-old miniature dachshund .
she has also been told that she must not [stay] in the room after 11:30pm and that the campus is off limits for her 18-month-old miniature dachshund .

Four years ago , the then Scottish Secretary , Malcolm Rifkind , overturned an independent recommendation that the centre remain open , and promised instead that a new hospital would be built and a post-graduate dental institute funded at the university .
four years ago , the then scottish secretary , malcolm rifkind , overturned an independent recommendation that the centre [stay] open , and promised instead that a new hospital would be built and a post-graduate dental institute funded at the university .

He is disabled , with a slightly handicapped right arm , and statistics show that jobless disabled people remain unemployed for twice as long as their able-bodied counterparts .
he is disabled , with a slightly handicapped right arm , and statistics show that jobless disabled people [stay] unemployed for twice as long as their able-bodied counterparts .

The verdict on whether Mr Lamont will remain as Chancellor remained open last night , with many Tories seeing it as an electoral mistake to raise fuel bills in the run up the next election , while others praised him for tackling the public deficit .
the verdict on whether mr lamont will [stay] as chancellor remained open last night , with many tories seeing it as an electoral mistake to raise fuel bills in the run up the next election , while others praised him for tackling the public deficit .

The Boundary Commission for Scotland concludes that the number of Scottish seats in the House of Commons should remain at 72 in spite of widespread speculation over the loss of Glasgow seats .
the boundary commission for scotland concludes that the number of scottish seats in the house of commons should [stay] at 72 in spite of widespread speculation over the loss of glasgow seats .

It added : ‘ Without a more definite organisational set-up , without the creation of bodies for voluntary co-ordination of our activities , the commonwealth will remain too amorphous .
it added : ‘ without a more definite organisational set-up , without the creation of bodies for voluntary co-ordination of our activities , the commonwealth will [stay] too amorphous .

However , because all the cards bearing messages of sympathy had been removed , exactly who had sent flowers other than his immediate family , and whether there was one from the infamous Kray twins , must remain a mystery to all but the Thompsons themselves .
however , because all the cards bearing messages of sympathy had been removed , exactly who had sent flowers other than his immediate family , and whether there was one from the infamous kray twins , must [stay] a mystery to all but the thompsons themselves .

The decision was a major boost for Scotland 's fish processors who need foreign imports to remain viable , but came as a bitter blow to British fishermen hit by the turmoil at the quayside auctions .
the decision was a major boost for scotland 's fish processors who need foreign imports to [stay] viable , but came as a bitter blow to british fishermen hit by the turmoil at the quayside auctions .

The suspension results from the firm 's consequent failure to adhere to rules governing the granting of its licence , ie , to remain operating within the law , according to a spokesman for the Traffic Commissioners in Edinburgh .
the suspension results from the firm 's consequent failure to adhere to rules governing the granting of its licence , ie , to [stay] operating within the law , according to a spokesman for the traffic commissioners in edinburgh .

The Traffic Commissioners spokesman said that if the company does decide to appeal , the stay will remain in force until the case is heard by the Transport Tribunal .
the traffic commissioners spokesman said that if the company does decide to appeal , the stay will [stay] in force until the case is heard by the transport tribunal .

In spite of the postponement , a number of senior Liberal Democrats believe the Convention should remain in a state of suspended animation for the near future .
in spite of the postponement , a number of senior liberal democrats believe the convention should [stay] in a state of suspended animation for the near future .

‘ The men would be paid wages and would remain shareholders .
‘ the men would be paid wages and would [stay] shareholders .

‘ It need hardly be stressed how undesirable a situation is , whereby a prisoner can hang himself and remain suspended for several hours within a cell , unbeknown to either his cellmate or the supervising authority , ’ said the sheriff .
‘ it need hardly be stressed how undesirable a situation is , whereby a prisoner can hang himself and [stay] suspended for several hours within a cell , unbeknown to either his cellmate or the supervising authority , ’ said the sheriff .

The main blow to Mr Yeltsin 's critics came when the prime minister , Viktor Chernomyrdin — read out a government statement of support for the president pledging that the defence , interior and security ministers would remain faithful to ‘ the principles of the constitution . ’
the main blow to mr yeltsin 's critics came when the prime minister , viktor chernomyrdin — read out a government statement of support for the president pledging that the defence , interior and security ministers would [stay] faithful to ‘ the principles of the constitution . ’

It could also be that those who remain to resume operations in London are lying low because of the fear of target surveillance by increased security service activity and resources .
it could also be that those who [stay] to resume operations in london are lying low because of the fear of target surveillance by increased security service activity and resources .

Heseltine has taken to private chats with the backbench malcontents in a last effort to smooth some sort of passage for his proposals , but the word is that there remain a frustrating number of irreconcilables around .
heseltine has taken to private chats with the backbench malcontents in a last effort to smooth some sort of passage for his proposals , but the word is that there [stay] a frustrating number of irreconcilables around .

The Tory coal rebels are demanding that at least 15 collieries remain open and gave warning that the Government could face defeat if it tried to push through proposals that were significantly out of line with the report of the Commons industry select committee earlier this year .
the tory coal rebels are demanding that at least 15 collieries [stay] open and gave warning that the government could face defeat if it tried to push through proposals that were significantly out of line with the report of the commons industry select committee earlier this year .

If councillors decided the school should remain open a new head teacher would be sought .
if councillors decided the school should [stay] open a new head teacher would be sought .

It is believed that 96 followers of Koresh , including 17 children , remain inside the compound .
it is believed that 96 followers of koresh , including 17 children , [stay] inside the compound .

Lord Fraser expressed the government 's confidence in the system , and confirmed that the important task of considering compulsory measures of care would remain firmly with the children 's hearing .
lord fraser expressed the government 's confidence in the system , and confirmed that the important task of considering compulsory measures of care would [stay] firmly with the children 's hearing .

The Treasury is understood to be insisting that only eight of the threatened 31 pits remain open .
the treasury is understood to be insisting that only eight of the threatened 31 pits [stay] open .

The two other survivors of the tragedy who remain in hospital , Samantha Stansby , 17 , and Emma Hartley , 16 , are said to be in satisfactory condition .
the two other survivors of the tragedy who [stay] in hospital , samantha stansby , 17 , and emma hartley , 16 , are said to be in satisfactory condition .

Prices of 24p for first-class and 18p second-class were frozen in October until the end of this month , and now will remain unchanged through August .
prices of 24p for first-class and 18p second-class were frozen in october until the end of this month , and now will [stay] unchanged through august .

’ Guppy could become bankrupt over the affair , and no profit would remain once he had provided the remaining cash to the court .
’ guppy could become bankrupt over the affair , and no profit would [stay] once he had provided the remaining cash to the court .

Unless that is sorted out the problem will remain there , ’ Mr Maan added .
unless that is sorted out the problem will [stay] there , ’ mr maan added .

Unless that is sorted out the problem will remain there , ’ Mr Maan added .
unless that is sorted out the problem will [stay] there , ’ mr maan added .

But Conservative Euro-rebels remain pledged to fight on against the treaty .
but conservative euro-rebels [stay] pledged to fight on against the treaty .

The free market will remain the key determinant .
the free market will [stay] the key determinant .

Mr Lamont , who will be sipping at the despatch box from Highland Spring water and Highland Park whisky , has broken the traditional Treasury silence in the run-up to the Budget to fight for his political survival by stating publicly he wants to remain as Chancellor .
mr lamont , who will be sipping at the despatch box from highland spring water and highland park whisky , has broken the traditional treasury silence in the run-up to the budget to fight for his political survival by stating publicly he wants to [stay] as chancellor .

Dismissing the Pittencrieff bid , Aberdeen 's London-based managing director , David Hooker , said : ‘ We remain convinced that the smaller oil and gas companies should consolidate to add value for shareholders and expect to arrange a meeting with Pittencrieff in the near future . ’
dismissing the pittencrieff bid , aberdeen 's london-based managing director , david hooker , said : ‘ we [stay] convinced that the smaller oil and gas companies should consolidate to add value for shareholders and expect to arrange a meeting with pittencrieff in the near future . ’

The Leicestershire company has sold off many of its loss-making businesses to cut debts , but they remain at £76.6 million — more than double shareholders ' funds .
the leicestershire company has sold off many of its loss-making businesses to cut debts , but they [stay] at £76.6 million — more than double shareholders ' funds .

After all the Christmas lights remain up on the main street , and are still working .
after all the christmas lights [stay] up on the main street , and are still working .

Investment allowances also remain unchanged after last year 's introduction of a 40 per cent first year rate .
investment allowances also [stay] unchanged after last year 's introduction of a 40 per cent first year rate .

‘ Although house prices remain weak , building society commitments and advances are stronger and both housebuilders and estate agents are now reporting increased activity .
‘ although house prices [stay] weak , building society commitments and advances are stronger and both housebuilders and estate agents are now reporting increased activity .

But the experience is one Mr Lang and his ministerial colleagues could have done without if his plans for a radical shake-up of the local government system are to remain credible .
but the experience is one mr lang and his ministerial colleagues could have done without if his plans for a radical shake-up of the local government system are to [stay] credible .

Even if he can convince the Treasury that some savings will accrue , these may not be sufficient to remain a convincing reason for the large-scale council upheaval envisaged .
even if he can convince the treasury that some savings will accrue , these may not be sufficient to [stay] a convincing reason for the large-scale council upheaval envisaged .

‘ We intend to remain independent and as we control all the shares we are able to do so .
‘ we intend to [stay] independent and as we control all the shares we are able to do so .

But many dealers remain convinced that the mark has peaked against both sterling and the dollar .
but many dealers [stay] convinced that the mark has peaked against both sterling and the dollar .

With conditions virtually guaranteed to remain fast , trainer Arthur Moore decided not to risk Soft Day in the Arkle Chase .
with conditions virtually guaranteed to [stay] fast , trainer arthur moore decided not to risk soft day in the arkle chase .

It is that which drives on Walter Smith 's staff and after eight games they remain undefeated — and unaffected by whatever mishaps come their way .
it is that which drives on walter smith 's staff and after eight games they [stay] undefeated — and unaffected by whatever mishaps come their way .

Marseille hit six to remain on course Marseille6
marseille hit six to [stay] on course marseille6

Under the management committee plan , the existing 12-12-14 set-up would remain in place next season .
under the management committee plan , the existing 12-12-14 set-up would [stay] in place next season .

The management intend he will remain with the party , though obviously the lengthy bus journey to Nadi yesterday as the prelude to a three-and-a-half hour flight to Sydney today , could have a detrimental effect .
the management intend he will [stay] with the party , though obviously the lengthy bus journey to nadi yesterday as the prelude to a three-and-a-half hour flight to sydney today , could have a detrimental effect .

But his boycott of British racing , which resulted in 90 horses being removed from Newmarket , will remain , with his string continuing to be exiled in France and Ireland .
but his boycott of british racing , which resulted in 90 horses being removed from newmarket , will [stay] , with his string continuing to be exiled in france and ireland .

It should be borne in mind , too , that only five German players — Buchwald , Kholer , Hasler , Klinsmann and Doll — remain from the last meeting of the two countries .
it should be borne in mind , too , that only five german players — buchwald , kholer , hasler , klinsmann and doll — [stay] from the last meeting of the two countries .

McRae is doing her best to remain optimistic .
mcrae is doing her best to [stay] optimistic .

Earlier in the day , Jeffrey had been far from happy to learn that the Scotland seven to be chosen from a pool of ten — Hong Kong have increased from nine to remain consistent with the World Cup format — would have around five hours between their ties tomorrow .
earlier in the day , jeffrey had been far from happy to learn that the scotland seven to be chosen from a pool of ten — hong kong have increased from nine to [stay] consistent with the world cup format — would have around five hours between their ties tomorrow .

Lapsed priests remain priests , but tend to be unemployable in their clerical functions .
lapsed priests [stay] priests , but tend to be unemployable in their clerical functions .

Why does Lynch remain in an institution which seems to deny everything he holds dear ? Why not just leave — set up home in a more tolerant spiritual pew ? After all , there are many trendy Anglicans who hold similar views .
why does lynch [stay] in an institution which seems to deny everything he holds dear ? why not just leave — set up home in a more tolerant spiritual pew ? after all , there are many trendy anglicans who hold similar views .

The council will be looking to save in the region of £700,000 to remain within the new target level .
the council will be looking to save in the region of £700,000 to [stay] within the new target level .

The couple , who want to remain anonymous but live near Darlington , signed up for a unit at Sutton Hall , near Thirsk , last June .
the couple , who want to [stay] anonymous but live near darlington , signed up for a unit at sutton hall , near thirsk , last june .

Roy Hattersley , of course , will remain the Nearly Man .
roy hattersley , of course , will [stay] the nearly man .

‘ But if the figures do stand up it is a remarkable achievement which shows what can be done by a hospital which decides to remain in the health service and not move into trust status . ’
‘ but if the figures do stand up it is a remarkable achievement which shows what can be done by a hospital which decides to [stay] in the health service and not move into trust status . ’

But fears remain for the future of dozens of businesses because of the dispute over leasing arrangements with Inntrepreneur , the estates arm of Grand Metropolitan .
but fears [stay] for the future of dozens of businesses because of the dispute over leasing arrangements with inntrepreneur , the estates arm of grand metropolitan .

There remain many long-term structural problems which require major private and public sector investment to solve .
there [stay] many long-term structural problems which require major private and public sector investment to solve .

There is little dispute that books remain vital in our society ; in education , research , business and even entertainment .
there is little dispute that books [stay] vital in our society ; in education , research , business and even entertainment .

Now that Hearts have decided to remain at a re-developed Tynecastle , Gulliver has resigned from the board .
now that hearts have decided to [stay] at a re-developed tynecastle , gulliver has resigned from the board .

From Les Amants to Pretty Baby he has often seemed to be using sexual subjects to make films about something else entirely , and in as much as sex and the life force are connected , his two sexiest films remain Viva Maria and Zazie dans Le Metro , which have nothing to do with sex at all .
from les amants to pretty baby he has often seemed to be using sexual subjects to make films about something else entirely , and in as much as sex and the life force are connected , his two sexiest films [stay] viva maria and zazie dans le metro , which have nothing to do with sex at all .

Board secretary John Morris said : ‘ The Board 's main consideration was whether the title should remain on ice or whether this contest could be accepted for that championship .
board secretary john morris said : ‘ the board 's main consideration was whether the title should [stay] on ice or whether this contest could be accepted for that championship .

Doubts over the fitness of Rangers pair Ally McCoist and Davie McPherson as well as Alan McLaren of Hearts will remain unanswered until this morning .
doubts over the fitness of rangers pair ally mccoist and davie mcpherson as well as alan mclaren of hearts will [stay] unanswered until this morning .

But Craig Brown 's boys remain long odds on achieving that aim with extremely tough tasks yet to be undertaken in both Portugal and Italy .
but craig brown 's boys [stay] long odds on achieving that aim with extremely tough tasks yet to be undertaken in both portugal and italy .

With an eye to the latest unemployment figures , due today , when the seasonally adjusted total is expected to remain just under the three million barrier , the Chancellor added : ‘ Obviously in the months ahead we are going to have good news and bad news .
with an eye to the latest unemployment figures , due today , when the seasonally adjusted total is expected to [stay] just under the three million barrier , the chancellor added : ‘ obviously in the months ahead we are going to have good news and bad news .

Mr Gillespie would remain vice-chairman until his 65th birthday and be a director to the age of 75 .
mr gillespie would [stay] vice-chairman until his 65th birthday and be a director to the age of 75 .

The return of Potter will give the Paisley men a significant lift , for they clearly have their work cut out if they are to remain championship contenders .
the return of potter will give the paisley men a significant lift , for they clearly have their work cut out if they are to [stay] championship contenders .

Little mannerisms — a scrum-half glancing heavenwards before he puts in a high kick — are dutifully noted and form the basis of the most lucid dissertations which remain , as far as today 's visitors are concerned , ‘ not for publication ’ .
little mannerisms — a scrum-half glancing heavenwards before he puts in a high kick — are dutifully noted and form the basis of the most lucid dissertations which [stay] , as far as today 's visitors are concerned , ‘ not for publication ’ .

This was fortunate for the Hearts forward Ian Ferguson who was as surprised as anyone to remain on the field after flooring Gus Caesar with as good a right hook as has been seen this side of Madison Square Gardens for many a long day .
this was fortunate for the hearts forward ian ferguson who was as surprised as anyone to [stay] on the field after flooring gus caesar with as good a right hook as has been seen this side of madison square gardens for many a long day .

They remain free to compete , as the British Amateur Weightlifting Association decided last year to take no action against them .
they [stay] free to compete , as the british amateur weightlifting association decided last year to take no action against them .

Rangers remain the model of consistency , aiming tonight for their 38th successive match without defeat .
rangers [stay] the model of consistency , aiming tonight for their 38th successive match without defeat .

When a campaign goes badly wrong , it is invariably the poor bloody infantry that gets the blame , while the leaders remain sublimely unaffected .
when a campaign goes badly wrong , it is invariably the poor bloody infantry that gets the blame , while the leaders [stay] sublimely unaffected .

Doubts remain over the fitness of striker Ian Baird and midfielder Derek Ferguson , both of whom are suffering from hamstring injuries .
doubts [stay] over the fitness of striker ian baird and midfielder derek ferguson , both of whom are suffering from hamstring injuries .

However , Grant refused to apologise for the embarrassment caused to Brady even after the manager stated his belief that boardroom matters involving the manager of any club should remain confidential .
however , grant refused to apologise for the embarrassment caused to brady even after the manager stated his belief that boardroom matters involving the manager of any club should [stay] confidential .

That image will always remain with me .
that image will always [stay] with me .

Roxburgh 's efforts on Scotland 's behalf have often been accompanied by his rivals conveniently falling on occasions when they need to remain upright .
roxburgh 's efforts on scotland 's behalf have often been accompanied by his rivals conveniently falling on occasions when they need to [stay] upright .

Should he stay or should he go ? Labour needs Tom Clarke to remain shadow Scottish secretary , says Peter Jones
should he stay or should he go ? labour needs tom clarke to [stay] shadow scottish secretary , says peter jones

These needs remain with us , in extending forms , throughout our lives ; they are basic to our self-esteem and our competence .
these needs [stay] with us , in extending forms , throughout our lives ; they are basic to our self-esteem and our competence .

But even if they are overcome , other more fundamental difficulties will remain .
but even if they are overcome , other more fundamental difficulties will [stay] .

But problems remain in connection with the scope of the tribunal 's remit .
but problems [stay] in connection with the scope of the tribunal 's remit .

Why Mr Jones did n't book him for what could have been deemed incitement in front of Newcastle 's followers will remain a mystery along with his dropball doodle-bug .
why mr jones did n't book him for what could have been deemed incitement in front of newcastle 's followers will [stay] a mystery along with his dropball doodle-bug .

They remain third from bottom with Oxford , who have played one less game , now just one point behind .
they [stay] third from bottom with oxford , who have played one less game , now just one point behind .

Whether the Halls , who remain the major shareholders with 42pc , will withdraw their support from the Second Division club remains to be seen .
whether the halls , who [stay] the major shareholders with 42pc , will withdraw their support from the second division club remains to be seen .

So white blouses remain spotless , as pigs are fed in cluttered stackyards .
so white blouses [stay] spotless , as pigs are fed in cluttered stackyards .

Compulsory treatment powers in the community are aimed at a small and highly selected group of people who , because of their illness , might pose a significant risk to their own health or safety or the safety of other people were they to remain without treatment , but who do not require to stay in hospital .
compulsory treatment powers in the community are aimed at a small and highly selected group of people who , because of their illness , might pose a significant risk to their own health or safety or the safety of other people were they to [stay] without treatment , but who do not require to stay in hospital .

Neither should he be forced to remain in hospital when he could be treated in the community .
neither should he be forced to [stay] in hospital when he could be treated in the community .

Psycho and Peeping Tom , both of which are more than 30 years-old and remain deeply shocking , are also ignored .
psycho and peeping tom , both of which are more than 30 years-old and [stay] deeply shocking , are also ignored .

The plot spins endlessly but few people are going to have the stamina to remain interested in the final turns .
the plot spins endlessly but few people are going to have the stamina to [stay] interested in the final turns .

The words nigger and coon have been replaced , though Jap , Hun and Boche remain .
the words nigger and coon have been replaced , though jap , hun and boche [stay] .

There 's not much else noticeably girny in encountering Mary Armour , though her prejudices about everything from her education to the general lot of her sex remain refreshingly intact .
there 's not much else noticeably girny in encountering mary armour , though her prejudices about everything from her education to the general lot of her sex [stay] refreshingly intact .

While oestrogen levels are high , the blood vessels remain in good condition , the walls of the vagina are thick and elastic , bones remain strong and skin blooms .
while oestrogen levels are high , the blood vessels [stay] in good condition , the walls of the vagina are thick and elastic , bones [stay] strong and skin blooms .

It emerged that when oestrogen was taken on its own , the lining of the womb would build up each month and remain there instead of being shed as a period .
it emerged that when oestrogen was taken on its own , the lining of the womb would build up each month and [stay] there instead of being shed as a period .

If problems do remain after two or three months , ask your doctor about changing to a different type of progestogen .
if problems do [stay] after two or three months , ask your doctor about changing to a different type of progestogen .

Organophosphate should remain in the dock until it is proven innocent .
organophosphate should [stay] in the dock until it is proven innocent .

‘ We will abide by the decision but if the vote is to remain at Belle Vue they must realise that they will have to commit themselves to raising funds towards the rent , ’ emphasised Daley .
‘ we will abide by the decision but if the vote is to [stay] at belle vue they must realise that they will have to commit themselves to raising funds towards the rent , ’ emphasised daley .

Garrett , who is based in the town , takes over from Ricky Westwell who has stepped down because of work commitments , but will remain at the club in another capacity .
garrett , who is based in the town , takes over from ricky westwell who has stepped down because of work commitments , but will [stay] at the club in another capacity .

Couples who deliberately remain childless face mental and emotional problems , ’ maintains social psychologist Dr Frederick Koenig .
couples who deliberately [stay] childless face mental and emotional problems , ’ maintains social psychologist dr frederick koenig .

‘ It was re-seeded but the seed was drowned out last autumn and difficult weather conditions in the spring means that it has to remain fenced off and unusable for this year 's show . ’
‘ it was re-seeded but the seed was drowned out last autumn and difficult weather conditions in the spring means that it has to [stay] fenced off and unusable for this year 's show . ’

‘ It was re-seeded but the seed was drowned out last autumn and difficult weather conditions in the spring means that it has to remain fenced off and unusable for this year 's show . ’
‘ it was re-seeded but the seed was drowned out last autumn and difficult weather conditions in the spring means that it has to [stay] fenced off and unusable for this year 's show . ’

‘ The loss of some jobs is inevitable , but our highly successful Cambrian Printers commercial operation will remain in Aberystwyth , ’ he added .
‘ the loss of some jobs is inevitable , but our highly successful cambrian printers commercial operation will [stay] in aberystwyth , ’ he added .

‘ Contrary to speculation , there are no plans to part company with the newspaper , and the editorial side will remain in Aberystwyth , where we have invested heavily in modern technology .
‘ contrary to speculation , there are no plans to part company with the newspaper , and the editorial side will [stay] in aberystwyth , where we have invested heavily in modern technology .

But France adds : ‘ Some can expect to remain there for the rest of their lives .
but france adds : ‘ some can expect to [stay] there for the rest of their lives .

‘ It 's true everyone expects me to go out and win all the time , ’ says Gunnell , who has managed to remain as unspoilt as she was before her Barcelona triumph .
‘ it 's true everyone expects me to go out and win all the time , ’ says gunnell , who has managed to [stay] as unspoilt as she was before her barcelona triumph .

It was a happy , friendly and very satisfying day one which will remain in the memory forever .
it was a happy , friendly and very satisfying day one which will [stay] in the memory forever .

But if no offer proves satisfactory to Rosenthal he will remain at Anfield on a week-to-week contract .
but if no offer proves satisfactory to rosenthal he will [stay] at anfield on a week-to-week contract .

Though Broome has created a niche of his own , disposable incomes remain tight and his claims that his hotel will have 100pc occupancy from day one are questionable .
though broome has created a niche of his own , disposable incomes [stay] tight and his claims that his hotel will have 100pc occupancy from day one are questionable .

Phil said his earliest memories of life at the Brandywell would remain with him forever .
phil said his earliest memories of life at the brandywell would [stay] with him forever .

Like most players it was always McGurk 's dream to play in an All Ireland senior final , but there was the danger it would remain simply that , a dream .
like most players it was always mcgurk 's dream to play in an all ireland senior final , but there was the danger it would [stay] simply that , a dream .

On the playing front , Bann and Cookstown remain the only leading sides without a ‘ plastic home ’ , though each should nonetheless be expected to make an impression of sorts .
on the playing front , bann and cookstown [stay] the only leading sides without a ‘ plastic home ’ , though each should nonetheless be expected to make an impression of sorts .

Forecasters said the weather was set to remain sultry and oppressive today , with temperatures in the 70s but little sun .
forecasters said the weather was set to [stay] sultry and oppressive today , with temperatures in the 70s but little sun .

Tory MPs have reported that rank and file members are openly questioning whether Mr Major should remain as Prime Minister .
tory mps have reported that rank and file members are openly questioning whether mr major should [stay] as prime minister .

Tory MPs have reported that rank and file members are openly questioning whether Mr Major should remain as Prime Minister .
tory mps have reported that rank and file members are openly questioning whether mr major should [stay] as prime minister .

But the club , which owes at least £1.3 million to creditors , will remain under close scrutiny by league bosses despite yesterday 's assurances .
but the club , which owes at least £1.3 million to creditors , will [stay] under close scrutiny by league bosses despite yesterday 's assurances .

You feel they 'll remain forever ; with their scrubbed , slyly-charming young men in white shirts , bow ties and waistcoats , serving Guinness on trays to wrought-iron tables on timber floors .
you feel they 'll [stay] forever ; with their scrubbed , slyly-charming young men in white shirts , bow ties and waistcoats , serving guinness on trays to wrought-iron tables on timber floors .

And the club committee was given the go-ahead to seek legal advice in their bid to remain at the ground for at least six months under a protected tenancy .
and the club committee was given the go-ahead to seek legal advice in their bid to [stay] at the ground for at least six months under a protected tenancy .

‘ But other markets in which we operate , apart from Asia-Pacific , which is experiencing double digit growth , remain depressed and this adds a measure of uncertainty to our forecasting process .
‘ but other markets in which we operate , apart from asia-pacific , which is experiencing double digit growth , [stay] depressed and this adds a measure of uncertainty to our forecasting process .

Montag and his new companions remain unharmed .
montag and his new companions [stay] unharmed .

Most humans have emigrated to a colony on Mars and those who still remain on Earth are encouraged to leave by the inducement of a free purpose-built robot , or android , to help them in their new life .
most humans have emigrated to a colony on mars and those who still [stay] on earth are encouraged to leave by the inducement of a free purpose-built robot , or android , to help them in their new life .

Those who still remain , do so for varying reasons .
those who still [stay] , do so for varying reasons .

Rick Deckard must ‘ retire ’ the six who remain free .
rick deckard must ‘ retire ’ the six who [stay] free .

She established herself firmly in her parents ' house once again , with the addition of her daughter , and decided that , as she did not appear at her very best when moving due to her injury , she would remain on a sofa all the time .
she established herself firmly in her parents ' house once again , with the addition of her daughter , and decided that , as she did not appear at her very best when moving due to her injury , she would [stay] on a sofa all the time .

He fought to make his fingers remain closed on the dagger , but they would not obey him .
he fought to make his fingers [stay] closed on the dagger , but they would not obey him .

Looking for them was in effect looking for Adam Boteler , who alone had been marked and recognised ; and Adam had orders to remain out of sight in Castell Coch until the second attempt was ready to be launched .
looking for them was in effect looking for adam boteler , who alone had been marked and recognised ; and adam had orders to [stay] out of sight in castell coch until the second attempt was ready to be launched .

They were and they must remain irregulars , to be disowned at need .
they were and they must [stay] irregulars , to be disowned at need .

By considering a few examples we can isolate some of the problems that remain :
by considering a few examples we can isolate some of the problems that [stay] :

Nevertheless , critical evaluation must be attempted and , if difficulties remain , they should at least be identified and their likely effects recognized and , if possible , quantified .
nevertheless , critical evaluation must be attempted and , if difficulties [stay] , they should at least be identified and their likely effects recognized and , if possible , quantified .

But even if political authorities were clear about what they expected from public enterprises , political control would remain problematic .
but even if political authorities were clear about what they expected from public enterprises , political control would [stay] problematic .

Third , many political objectives may remain unquantified and even unacknowledged , and this makes it even harder to tell exogenous from endogenous reasons for failure to meet targets ( e.g .
third , many political objectives may [stay] unquantified and even unacknowledged , and this makes it even harder to tell exogenous from endogenous reasons for failure to meet targets ( e.g .

Even were objectives to stay relatively stable , a fundamental problem of control would remain : the acquisition by the controllers of the knowledge upon which to base targets and evaluate performance .
even were objectives to stay relatively stable , a fundamental problem of control would [stay] : the acquisition by the controllers of the knowledge upon which to base targets and evaluate performance .

Many of the ‘ social ’ or non-commercial objectives imposed on the railways by the state remain unacknowledged ; they are not incorporated into calculations of state financial compensation and state control has thus been weakened since railway management has been given reasonable pretexts for failing to meet targets .
many of the ‘ social ’ or non-commercial objectives imposed on the railways by the state [stay] unacknowledged ; they are not incorporated into calculations of state financial compensation and state control has thus been weakened since railway management has been given reasonable pretexts for failing to meet targets .

Objectives remain complex , diffuse , changing .
objectives [stay] complex , diffuse , changing .

If means of production remain in use for 20 years ( a reasonable figure ) then the scrapping of old ones releases some 5 per cent of the work force to work with new equipment every year .
if means of production [stay] in use for 20 years ( a reasonable figure ) then the scrapping of old ones releases some 5 per cent of the work force to work with new equipment every year .

It had been difficult to remain silent , but she had .
it had been difficult to [stay] silent , but she had .

The door must remain closed .
the door must [stay] closed .

Once they were back on the train there was yet more waving of handkerchiefs from pin-hatted ladies who would remain spinsters for the rest of their lives .
once they were back on the train there was yet more waving of handkerchiefs from pin-hatted ladies who would [stay] spinsters for the rest of their lives .

The sergeant came to a halt outside the adjutant 's hut , and an out-of-breath Charlie caught up with him just as the door was opened by a colour-sergeant who turned to Charlie and said , ‘ Stand to attention , lad , remain one pace behind me and do n't speak unless you 're spoken to . Understood ? ’
the sergeant came to a halt outside the adjutant 's hut , and an out-of-breath charlie caught up with him just as the door was opened by a colour-sergeant who turned to charlie and said , ‘ stand to attention , lad , [stay] one pace behind me and do n't speak unless you 're spoken to . understood ? ’

He tentatively placed a hand on her left breast , and let it remain there , not quite sure what to do next as he tried to make himself slightly more comfortable .
he tentatively placed a hand on her left breast , and let it [stay] there , not quite sure what to do next as he tried to make himself slightly more comfortable .

He said : ‘ Discrimination against individual workers on grounds of trade union membership will remain illegal .
he said : ‘ discrimination against individual workers on grounds of trade union membership will [stay] illegal .

Telephone kiosks remain pagoda-topped , Chinese lanterns hang high from harm 's way , the School of English and the snooker club are neighbours .
telephone kiosks [stay] pagoda-topped , chinese lanterns hang high from harm 's way , the school of english and the snooker club are neighbours .

This will restrict the readership considerably , and this is a shame , for it is , and will remain for decades , the main book on the subject .
this will restrict the readership considerably , and this is a shame , for it is , and will [stay] for decades , the main book on the subject .

Priests must remain single but there are many lay people who can marry , says Tabkay , who grows hair on his shaved head ‘ for insulation ’ in winter .
priests must [stay] single but there are many lay people who can marry , says tabkay , who grows hair on his shaved head ‘ for insulation ’ in winter .

The album Steve McQueen was a classic and their latest offering , Jordan : The Comeback , was n't half bad either , but Prefab Sprout remain too wordy and off-beat for some .
the album steve mcqueen was a classic and their latest offering , jordan : the comeback , was n't half bad either , but prefab sprout [stay] too wordy and off-beat for some .

After his residency with Cleveland Arts finishes , Mr Crowley plans to remain in the area for a time .
after his residency with cleveland arts finishes , mr crowley plans to [stay] in the area for a time .

Aideed 's whereabouts remain unknown .
aideed 's whereabouts [stay] unknown .

But , he said yesterday , the love and understanding of a 26-year-old woman he met less than a month ago has convinced him he should remain living life as a man .
but , he said yesterday , the love and understanding of a 26-year-old woman he met less than a month ago has convinced him he should [stay] living life as a man .

And now the man who yearned with all his heart for all his life to be a woman and who is just months away from radical surgery wants to remain a man .
and now the man who yearned with all his heart for all his life to be a woman and who is just months away from radical surgery wants to [stay] a man .

John Scott , prospective Labour candidate for Stockton South : ‘ In a last-ditch attempt to remain in power the Government is prepared to bribe the people of Stockton by borrowing to pay for tax cuts . ’
john scott , prospective labour candidate for stockton south : ‘ in a last-ditch attempt to [stay] in power the government is prepared to bribe the people of stockton by borrowing to pay for tax cuts . ’

Mushy peas are believed to have originated in the North and remain as popular today as they have ever been .
mushy peas are believed to have originated in the north and [stay] as popular today as they have ever been .

Another design that was to remain a firm favourite was the waterproof snow boot — fur-lined , with suede on the outside and fastened at the front or side with a zip .
another design that was to [stay] a firm favourite was the waterproof snow boot — fur-lined , with suede on the outside and fastened at the front or side with a zip .

New Zealand 's try by Frank Bunce will remain a matter of dispute .
new zealand 's try by frank bunce will [stay] a matter of dispute .

Some remain unconvinced .
some [stay] unconvinced .

Though analysts remain sceptical on whether interest rate cuts will lead to a rapid revival in the housing market , this did not prevent strong gains being made in the sector .
though analysts [stay] sceptical on whether interest rate cuts will lead to a rapid revival in the housing market , this did not prevent strong gains being made in the sector .

Instead of waiting a matter of seconds for the lights to change , the hapless riders either remain in the saddle , take a chance when they see a gap in the traffic , or get off and wait for the green man .
instead of waiting a matter of seconds for the lights to change , the hapless riders either [stay] in the saddle , take a chance when they see a gap in the traffic , or get off and wait for the green man .

Since both Chartists and temperance men remain in short supply in Ripon , we have been able to discover nothing more about the singularly unsuccessful Mr Lees .
since both chartists and temperance men [stay] in short supply in ripon , we have been able to discover nothing more about the singularly unsuccessful mr lees .

He and his wife also enjoy walking and the countryside of the area is one of their reasons for wanting to remain in the North .
he and his wife also enjoy walking and the countryside of the area is one of their reasons for wanting to [stay] in the north .

( The national Press , in truth , remain fascinated by him .
( the national press , in truth , [stay] fascinated by him .

But he certainly will stay in politics and may possibly remain on Middlesbrough Council .
but he certainly will stay in politics and may possibly [stay] on middlesbrough council .

Their story was first revealed in The Northern Echo earlier this year , but at the time the couple wanted to remain anonymous .
their story was first revealed in the northern echo earlier this year , but at the time the couple wanted to [stay] anonymous .

An investigation found that accesses should remain clear , headlights on the fork-lift truck should be mounted on the roof and the cabin should be fitted with demisting equipment .
an investigation found that accesses should [stay] clear , headlights on the fork-lift truck should be mounted on the roof and the cabin should be fitted with demisting equipment .

Despite a worldwide decline in average sperm counts over the past 50 years , those of Finnish men remain roughly twice those of men in other countries , according to Finnish research .
despite a worldwide decline in average sperm counts over the past 50 years , those of finnish men [stay] roughly twice those of men in other countries , according to finnish research .

We often hear about the people who bring misery into our lives crooks , conmen , burglars etc. but all too often the people with real values who help to brighten up our day remain anonymous .
we often hear about the people who bring misery into our lives crooks , conmen , burglars etc. but all too often the people with real values who help to brighten up our day [stay] anonymous .

Couples who deliberately remain childless face mental and emotional problems , ’ maintains social psychologist Dr Frederick Koenig .
couples who deliberately [stay] childless face mental and emotional problems , ’ maintains social psychologist dr frederick koenig .

‘ It really only causes a problem when only one partner wants to remain childless , ’ he said .
‘ it really only causes a problem when only one partner wants to [stay] childless , ’ he said .

Normally , even if babies have these bacteria , they do n't produce toxins and remain healthy .
normally , even if babies have these bacteria , they do n't produce toxins and [stay] healthy .

Hankin stressed chief scout Barrie Geldart would remain an important member of his backroom staff .
hankin stressed chief scout barrie geldart would [stay] an important member of his backroom staff .

Boro battled well for a hard-earned point in a poor game and they remain six points behind Cambridge but with four games in hand .
boro battled well for a hard-earned point in a poor game and they [stay] six points behind cambridge but with four games in hand .

They were beaten 2–0 at Ewood Park by play-off hopefuls Charlton on Saturday , and although they remain two points clear , the chasing pack is closing in .
they were beaten 2–0 at ewood park by play-off hopefuls charlton on saturday , and although they [stay] two points clear , the chasing pack is closing in .

With both Leicester and Sunderland still chasing honours , the situation will probably remain unclear until the season ends .
with both leicester and sunderland still chasing honours , the situation will probably [stay] unclear until the season ends .

The defence will remain unchanged in the continued absence of central defender Kevin Ball , who is recovering from a knee injury , and if Goodman is available Crosby will have to choose between former England international Peter Davenport or young striker David Rush for the remaining midfield slot .
the defence will [stay] unchanged in the continued absence of central defender kevin ball , who is recovering from a knee injury , and if goodman is available crosby will have to choose between former england international peter davenport or young striker david rush for the remaining midfield slot .

With the existing squad it will remain with us .
with the existing squad it will [stay] with us .

The world would remain unshaken over this but maybe the constable would have a gentle word with the unthinking reverser .
the world would [stay] unshaken over this but maybe the constable would have a gentle word with the unthinking reverser .

‘ Without corrective action , Britain will remain in a vicious circle of decline .
‘ without corrective action , britain will [stay] in a vicious circle of decline .

All departments apart from the maternity and psychiatric wards which will remain in the Victorian brick-built building will be transferred to the new hospital by Sunday lunchtime .
all departments apart from the maternity and psychiatric wards which will [stay] in the victorian brick-built building will be transferred to the new hospital by sunday lunchtime .

The toddler is to remain with temporary foster parents in Wirral pending a court hearing next week .
the toddler is to [stay] with temporary foster parents in wirral pending a court hearing next week .

But while he was placed on the ‘ at risk ’ register he was allowed to remain at the foster home at Ysgubor Esgob , a smallholding near Gwalchmai .
but while he was placed on the ‘ at risk ’ register he was allowed to [stay] at the foster home at ysgubor esgob , a smallholding near gwalchmai .

Among Tory supporters 48pc believed the Prime Minister can not remain a credible leader while 45pc thought he could .
among tory supporters 48pc believed the prime minister can not [stay] a credible leader while 45pc thought he could .

The compensation could not be increased if the council had lost it 's appeal and it would therefore remain as a maximum of £1 million .
the compensation could not be increased if the council had lost it 's appeal and it would therefore [stay] as a maximum of £1 million .

Buckley , Llandudno and Cemaes Bay stepped up while relegated Brymbo and Gresford now remain in the league .
buckley , llandudno and cemaes bay stepped up while relegated brymbo and gresford now [stay] in the league .

The older ones find it harder … and they still fear for what remain of their familes , they do n't want to be identified in case of Serbian reprisals .
the older ones find it harder … and they still fear for what [stay] of their familes , they do n't want to be identified in case of serbian reprisals .

He says Gore was questioned about 2 murders — they both remain unsolved .
he says gore was questioned about 2 murders — they both [stay] unsolved .

‘ In the first place the complainant wished to remain anonymous and did not want formal proceedings to be taken against the shop , ’ he said .
‘ in the first place the complainant wished to [stay] anonymous and did not want formal proceedings to be taken against the shop , ’ he said .

Place them in similar positions in your new home so that the growing conditions remain as consistent as possible .
place them in similar positions in your new home so that the growing conditions [stay] as consistent as possible .

The Appeal Court today ruled that the five-year term should remain , but that he did not have to serve the extra three months .
the appeal court today ruled that the five-year term should [stay] , but that he did not have to serve the extra three months .

Inflation to remain below two per cent
inflation to [stay] below two per cent

‘ Trading conditions have been and will remain tough for the immediate future until global recessionary pressures abate . ’
‘ trading conditions have been and will [stay] tough for the immediate future until global recessionary pressures abate . ’

And a colourful diversion for the county cricketers , who 've been told their clothes of many colours will remain for Sunday outings even though seven out of ten members said they do n't prefer them .
and a colourful diversion for the county cricketers , who 've been told their clothes of many colours will [stay] for sunday outings even though seven out of ten members said they do n't prefer them .

Higher Education Minister Tim Boswell says it 's vital that education 's made more relevant to the world of work if Britain 's to remain competitive .
higher education minister tim boswell says it 's vital that education 's made more relevant to the world of work if britain 's to [stay] competitive .

It claims many of the 3m British women receiving contraceptives on the National Health Service will not want to take older , cheaper types just because they remain available free .
it claims many of the 3m british women receiving contraceptives on the national health service will not want to take older , cheaper types just because they [stay] available free .

He stressed also that ‘ quality ’ , ‘ choice ’ , ‘ convenience ’ , ‘ environmental sensitivity ’ , ‘ safety ’ and ‘ service ’ would still remain the watchwords for the industry .
he stressed also that ‘ quality ’ , ‘ choice ’ , ‘ convenience ’ , ‘ environmental sensitivity ’ , ‘ safety ’ and ‘ service ’ would still [stay] the watchwords for the industry .

Only the security chiefs can guess how effective it would be , but large question-marks remain .
only the security chiefs can guess how effective it would be , but large question-marks [stay] .

They are now 20 years older and must realise that to remain silent is to prolong the agony for Brian 's parents .
they are now 20 years older and must realise that to [stay] silent is to prolong the agony for brian 's parents .

If you remain silent the nightmare will continue for Edward and Joan McDermott who want only justice for an innocent little boy whose young life was snuffed out in a moment of senseless savagery .
if you [stay] silent the nightmare will continue for edward and joan mcdermott who want only justice for an innocent little boy whose young life was snuffed out in a moment of senseless savagery .

The westerly wind will remain light so it will feel pleasantly warm in the sunshine .
the westerly wind will [stay] light so it will feel pleasantly warm in the sunshine .

With Alan McDonald ( Queen 's Park Rangers ) declared fit after some doubt over an Achilles tendon injury the defensive set up should remain the same .
with alan mcdonald ( queen 's park rangers ) declared fit after some doubt over an achilles tendon injury the defensive set up should [stay] the same .

The 31-year-old from Malahide near Dublin lies 131st in this season 's money list and if he fails to move into the top 120 in the two months that remain he will have to go to the European tour qualifying school for the first time .
the 31-year-old from malahide near dublin lies 131st in this season 's money list and if he fails to move into the top 120 in the two months that [stay] he will have to go to the european tour qualifying school for the first time .

On the playing front , Bann and Cookstown remain the only leading sides without a ‘ plastic home ’ , though each should nonetheless be expected to make an impression of sorts .
on the playing front , bann and cookstown [stay] the only leading sides without a ‘ plastic home ’ , though each should nonetheless be expected to make an impression of sorts .

He 's at Baden Baden today and should remain on the winning trail .
he 's at baden baden today and should [stay] on the winning trail .

But several Swindonites remain sceptical .
but several swindonites [stay] sceptical .

But because he did n't receive immediate attention , he 's likely to remain partially lame the rest of his life .
but because he did n't receive immediate attention , he 's likely to [stay] partially lame the rest of his life .

The theatre has still to fill the post of artistic director — indeed interviews have not yet begun — and Mr McKeown suggested the position might this time be taken by more than one person , and remain filled for some four or five years .
the theatre has still to fill the post of artistic director — indeed interviews have not yet begun — and mr mckeown suggested the position might this time be taken by more than one person , and [stay] filled for some four or five years .

Only 7 nuns remain at Bartestree and they 'll be gone by the time auctioneers sell off the contents of the convent in 3 weeks time .
only 7 nuns [stay] at bartestree and they 'll be gone by the time auctioneers sell off the contents of the convent in 3 weeks time .

Only 7 nuns remain at Bartestree and they 'll be gone by the time auctioneers sell off the contents of the convent in 3 weeks time .
only 7 nuns [stay] at bartestree and they 'll be gone by the time auctioneers sell off the contents of the convent in 3 weeks time .

and the present income tax rates and allowances remain , the lowest band is increased to three thousand pounds .
and the present income tax rates and allowances [stay] , the lowest band is increased to three thousand pounds .

She says all we know is that he comes from London and he wants to remain anonymous .
she says all we know is that he comes from london and he wants to [stay] anonymous .

There are fears too that the house will remain a target for a local gang .
there are fears too that the house will [stay] a target for a local gang .

The world has no reason to doubt that this entente is based on a genuine personal chemistry , significant differences remain , on areas as critical as the role of a European central bank .
the world has no reason to doubt that this entente is based on a genuine personal chemistry , significant differences [stay] , on areas as critical as the role of a european central bank .

Of course , er we er , the provisos must be er that the er , that the prices or the costs at the Nuffield remain as competitive as they are at the moment , and of course , that we get the same very high quality that we er , that we already have .
of course , er we er , the provisos must be er that the er , that the prices or the costs at the nuffield [stay] as competitive as they are at the moment , and of course , that we get the same very high quality that we er , that we already have .

Not really , they 've put in their treaty that er Berlin is the capital of the United Germany , but that the seat of government will be chosen by the newly elected all-German parliament , which has got to be chosen early in December , and they could still say ‘ well we have the capital in Berlin , but the seat of the government will remain in Bonn , and up in Berlin the president will have his office and some meetings will take place , but the ministries and foreign embassies and so on , and all the traffic jams that go with that , can jolly well stay in Bonn ’ .
not really , they 've put in their treaty that er berlin is the capital of the united germany , but that the seat of government will be chosen by the newly elected all-german parliament , which has got to be chosen early in december , and they could still say ‘ well we have the capital in berlin , but the seat of the government will [stay] in bonn , and up in berlin the president will have his office and some meetings will take place , but the ministries and foreign embassies and so on , and all the traffic jams that go with that , can jolly well stay in bonn ’ .

And it 's our intention that that land should remain for our children 's children 's children , that 's the first point .
and it 's our intention that that land should [stay] for our children 's children 's children , that 's the first point .

Either course will spark protest and that 's why fifty years later , the ruins remain — a perverse tribute to the ruined state to which Hitler left Germany .
either course will spark protest and that 's why fifty years later , the ruins [stay] — a perverse tribute to the ruined state to which hitler left germany .

There remain just two million Jews in the Soviet Union ; some predict that before long , there 'll be hardly any at all .
there [stay] just two million jews in the soviet union ; some predict that before long , there 'll be hardly any at all .

This week 's talks may lead to some reductions in American troop levels in the South , even to a scaling down of the military exercises that so infuriate the North , but it 's unlikely anything will happen about the border itself , which will remain the most heavily fortified in the world .
this week 's talks may lead to some reductions in american troop levels in the south , even to a scaling down of the military exercises that so infuriate the north , but it 's unlikely anything will happen about the border itself , which will [stay] the most heavily fortified in the world .

The basic and forty percent income tax rates remain unchanged .
the basic and forty percent income tax rates [stay] unchanged .

The afternoon will remain partly sunny , but temperatures will only rise to 9 Celsius , 48 Fahrenheit and their could be an occasional shower .
the afternoon will [stay] partly sunny , but temperatures will only rise to 9 celsius , 48 fahrenheit and their could be an occasional shower .

They say Westcote will remain a centre of excellence for research , design , development and production of liquid engines , but solid fuel powered motors will be moved to Summerfield near Kidderminster , while the Waltham Abbey plant will close .
they say westcote will [stay] a centre of excellence for research , design , development and production of liquid engines , but solid fuel powered motors will be moved to summerfield near kidderminster , while the waltham abbey plant will close .

Prices have held and that looks set to remain the trend .
prices have held and that looks set to [stay] the trend .

If a card is introduced [ which will depend on developments in technology not yet available ] the rules will remain the same and the total amount of discount available will be limited .
if a card is introduced [ which will depend on developments in technology not yet available ] the rules will [stay] the same and the total amount of discount available will be limited .

In the Tower there are rooms , dungeons , where you go in , the doors are removed , and you remain until death behind a bricked wall .
in the tower there are rooms , dungeons , where you go in , the doors are removed , and you [stay] until death behind a bricked wall .

He had tried to remain calm but still seethed with fury at Maude 's continued intransigence in the face of his pleadings and questions : her only answer would be to bite her lip , shake her head and turn away in floods of tears .
he had tried to [stay] calm but still seethed with fury at maude 's continued intransigence in the face of his pleadings and questions : her only answer would be to bite her lip , shake her head and turn away in floods of tears .

It must be recognised , however , that as long as the binding of most serial parts is — as at present — contracted out to a commercial bindery , delays incurred in the processing of such items between their leaving the Library and subsequently returning to it , will remain outwith the Library 's control .
it must be recognised , however , that as long as the binding of most serial parts is — as at present — contracted out to a commercial bindery , delays incurred in the processing of such items between their leaving the library and subsequently returning to it , will [stay] outwith the library 's control .

From the point of view of stress , the most important fact about the way we pronounce this word is that on the second syllable the pitch of the voice does not remain level , but usually falls from a higher to a lower pitch .
from the point of view of stress , the most important fact about the way we pronounce this word is that on the second syllable the pitch of the voice does not [stay] level , but usually falls from a higher to a lower pitch .

If there is a tail of two or more syllables , the normal pitch movement is for the pitch to fall on the tonic syllable and to remain low until the last stressed syllable in the tail .
if there is a tail of two or more syllables , the normal pitch movement is for the pitch to fall on the tonic syllable and to [stay] low until the last stressed syllable in the tail .

‘ Many contacts preferred to remain anonymous .
‘ many contacts preferred to [stay] anonymous .

‘ Many contacts preferred to remain anonymous .
‘ many contacts preferred to [stay] anonymous .

Their owner , a collector from Rossett who wishes to remain anonymous , said it was time to let his collection go .
their owner , a collector from rossett who wishes to [stay] anonymous , said it was time to let his collection go .

He damaged ligaments in Saturday 's 2-2 draw with Coventry , and his hopes of being fit for Wednesday 's European Cup tie against Rangers remain slim .
he damaged ligaments in saturday 's 2-2 draw with coventry , and his hopes of being fit for wednesday 's european cup tie against rangers [stay] slim .

Liverpool have confirmed that The Kop is completely sold out , and only a small number of stand tickets remain .
liverpool have confirmed that the kop is completely sold out , and only a small number of stand tickets [stay] .

Mrs Yvonne Partridge , of Women Against the Ordination of Women , said she hoped that the Chester Diocese would remain united whatever next Wednesday 's decision .
mrs yvonne partridge , of women against the ordination of women , said she hoped that the chester diocese would [stay] united whatever next wednesday 's decision .

‘ The site will remain in port use but many ships have their own discharge gear these days . ’
‘ the site will [stay] in port use but many ships have their own discharge gear these days . ’

Supporters should remain with the coach until parked on the East car park .
supporters should [stay] with the coach until parked on the east car park .

‘ The two main problems suffered by our callers remain sexual and physical abuse , ’ says Elwyn .
‘ the two main problems suffered by our callers [stay] sexual and physical abuse , ’ says elwyn .

But Tory rebels still remain confident they can win the day and in doing so inflict irreparable damage on the treaty .
but tory rebels still [stay] confident they can win the day and in doing so inflict irreparable damage on the treaty .

Germany 's President Richard von Weizsaecker said he was sure close ties between Bonn and Washington would remain a stable anchor .
germany 's president richard von weizsaecker said he was sure close ties between bonn and washington would [stay] a stable anchor .

But people who want to learn how to remain healthy will also be welcome .
but people who want to learn how to [stay] healthy will also be welcome .

Chairman Graeme Dutton Forshaw said properties leased from Allied Breweries at the beginning of the year helped towards an increase in turnover and volume of about 14pc but he warned : ‘ Underlying trading conditions remain difficult and encouraging trends noted in earlier months look unlikely to be repeated in the rest of the year . ’
chairman graeme dutton forshaw said properties leased from allied breweries at the beginning of the year helped towards an increase in turnover and volume of about 14pc but he warned : ‘ underlying trading conditions [stay] difficult and encouraging trends noted in earlier months look unlikely to be repeated in the rest of the year . ’

But although new roofs have been built , many windows remain smashed and most bathrooms are nothing more than rubble .
but although new roofs have been built , many windows [stay] smashed and most bathrooms are nothing more than rubble .

The judge will decide whether to grant a ‘ residence order , ’ allowing her to remain at her new home .
the judge will decide whether to grant a ‘ residence order , ’ allowing her to [stay] at her new home .

The book says the princess is now determined to remain and to persevere until she reaches a working relationship with the Royal Family .
the book says the princess is now determined to [stay] and to persevere until she reaches a working relationship with the royal family .

Mr Stewart is staying on as chief executive until his successor is ready to start and after that he will remain on the board .
mr stewart is staying on as chief executive until his successor is ready to start and after that he will [stay] on the board .

The girl , who can not be named for legal reasons , wishes to remain with her 18-year-old boyfriend 's family rather than return to her own home .
the girl , who can not be named for legal reasons , wishes to [stay] with her 18-year-old boyfriend 's family rather than return to her own home .

It was expected that her counsel would ask Sir Stephen Brown , President of the Family Division , for a ‘ residence order ’ , allowing the girl to remain with her boyfriend .
it was expected that her counsel would ask sir stephen brown , president of the family division , for a ‘ residence order ’ , allowing the girl to [stay] with her boyfriend .

Reporting restrictions on the girl 's identity would remain in force .
reporting restrictions on the girl 's identity would [stay] in force .

For the next two weeks 21 vote lines will remain open so that Echo readers can have their say in the celebrities who will receive the prestigious prizes at a star-studded lunch next month .
for the next two weeks 21 vote lines will [stay] open so that echo readers can have their say in the celebrities who will receive the prestigious prizes at a star-studded lunch next month .

But health union leaders remain sceptical , and fear services could be hit if the mall fails to take off .
but health union leaders [stay] sceptical , and fear services could be hit if the mall fails to take off .

Marshal Pétain has traced in our history pages some of which remain luminous while others give rise to interpretations that still conflict and arouse lively passions .
marshal pétain has traced in our history pages some of which [stay] luminous while others give rise to interpretations that still conflict and arouse lively passions .

Whatever the explanation , the facts remain , and the antipathy was an unfortunate one .
whatever the explanation , the facts [stay] , and the antipathy was an unfortunate one .

Perhaps the best comparison is that of seasickness … finally one abandons one 's self to it , one has no longer even the strength to cover oneself with one 's pack as protection against splinters , and one scarcely still has left the strength to pray to God … To die from a bullet seems to be nothing ; parts of our being remain intact ; but to be dismembered , torn to pieces , reduced to pulp , this is a fear that flesh can not support and which is fundamentally the great suffering of the bombardment …
perhaps the best comparison is that of seasickness … finally one abandons one 's self to it , one has no longer even the strength to cover oneself with one 's pack as protection against splinters , and one scarcely still has left the strength to pray to god … to die from a bullet seems to be nothing ; parts of our being [stay] intact ; but to be dismembered , torn to pieces , reduced to pulp , this is a fear that flesh can not support and which is fundamentally the great suffering of the bombardment …

Colodense director and general manager Tino Savvas added : ‘ The key issue now is to remain number one and make further progress with our continuous improvement programme .
colodense director and general manager tino savvas added : ‘ the key issue now is to [stay] number one and make further progress with our continuous improvement programme .

Only the primers will remain solvent-based .
only the primers will [stay] solvent-based .

We can conclude that an increase in national income will only be equivalent to an increase in real output per capita if both prices and the population remain unchanged .
we can conclude that an increase in national income will only be equivalent to an increase in real output per capita if both prices and the population [stay] unchanged .

If demand should level off and remain constant , net investment will fall to zero .
if demand should level off and [stay] constant , net investment will fall to zero .

The identity , however , is converted into a theory of the determination of the price level by assuming : ( a ) that the money supply is determined by the monetary authorities ; ( b ) that the number of transactions is fixed in the short-run because of the classical presumption that the economy operates automatically at full employment ; and ( c ) that the velocity of circulation is also fixed in the short-run because it depends largely on institutional factors ( such as whether workers are paid weekly or monthly ) which themselves tend to remain constant for long periods of time .
the identity , however , is converted into a theory of the determination of the price level by assuming : ( a ) that the money supply is determined by the monetary authorities ; ( b ) that the number of transactions is fixed in the short-run because of the classical presumption that the economy operates automatically at full employment ; and ( c ) that the velocity of circulation is also fixed in the short-run because it depends largely on institutional factors ( such as whether workers are paid weekly or monthly ) which themselves tend to [stay] constant for long periods of time .

If we assume that these institutional arrangements remain unchanged , then money income is the main determinant .
if we assume that these institutional arrangements [stay] unchanged , then money income is the main determinant .

Thus , if the monetary authorities increased the money supply , the whole of the increase would be added to speculative balances and the interest rate would remain unchanged .
thus , if the monetary authorities increased the money supply , the whole of the increase would be added to speculative balances and the interest rate would [stay] unchanged .

Suppose the stock of money increases to £60 million , but that the velocity of circulation and number of transactions remain constant . What is the new average price level ?
suppose the stock of money increases to £60 million , but that the velocity of circulation and number of transactions [stay] constant . what is the new average price level ?

Given the dynamic nature of variables like investment in the economy , however , ‘ other things ’ are unlikely to remain unchanged .
given the dynamic nature of variables like investment in the economy , however , ‘ other things ’ are unlikely to [stay] unchanged .

Although they are vital in making 90 per cent of all chemical processes work , catalysts remain an esoteric mystery .
although they are vital in making 90 per cent of all chemical processes work , catalysts [stay] an esoteric mystery .

Bob Collicutt acknowledges that he is presiding over a mature , commodity business with limited growth opportunities , but sees the free-standing role as an opportunity for it to remain profitable in the longer term .
bob collicutt acknowledges that he is presiding over a mature , commodity business with limited growth opportunities , but sees the free-standing role as an opportunity for it to [stay] profitable in the longer term .

Trading conditions remain difficult in a country where inflation reached a massive 1,175 per cent last year .
trading conditions [stay] difficult in a country where inflation reached a massive 1,175 per cent last year .

Powder and Cromadex will remain substantially as before .
powder and cromadex will [stay] substantially as before .

Close ties with Performance Fabrics remain and apart from sharing the same site Tygavac buys in about 20 per cent of its products from the Courtaulds Aerospace company .
close ties with performance fabrics [stay] and apart from sharing the same site tygavac buys in about 20 per cent of its products from the courtaulds aerospace company .

Precise details of what has been achieved by the liaison remain a closely guarded secret but it has involved developing new methods of using medicinal drugs in the body and has already led to a contract with a major pharmaceutical company .
precise details of what has been achieved by the liaison [stay] a closely guarded secret but it has involved developing new methods of using medicinal drugs in the body and has already led to a contract with a major pharmaceutical company .

‘ We are fearful that older people who want to remain at home may not have the choice because the cost may be more than local authorities can afford ’ , says divisional director Evelyn MeEwen .
‘ we are fearful that older people who want to [stay] at home may not have the choice because the cost may be more than local authorities can afford ’ , says divisional director evelyn meewen .

No matter how important the sale is , and how delighted the salesperson feels , he should remain calm and professional .
no matter how important the sale is , and how delighted the salesperson feels , he should [stay] calm and professional .

As will be seen , one of the problems for the United Kingdom economy is that , despite government exhortations for companies to become involved in selling overseas , many executives remain apprehensive because of the mystique with which the subject often surrounds itself .
as will be seen , one of the problems for the united kingdom economy is that , despite government exhortations for companies to become involved in selling overseas , many executives [stay] apprehensive because of the mystique with which the subject often surrounds itself .

Whatever the reasons for the current state of affairs , selling overseas has been , and always will remain , one of the keystones of our national prosperity .
whatever the reasons for the current state of affairs , selling overseas has been , and always will [stay] , one of the keystones of our national prosperity .

Draw up a short- , medium- and long-term sales strategy upon how Quality Kraft Carpets can enter , develop and remain in the United States market .
draw up a short- , medium- and long-term sales strategy upon how quality kraft carpets can enter , develop and [stay] in the united states market .

Dashing about . Did Joan get any , er or is she sta erm is she , is she sure to remain in a constant , neither better nor worse ?
dashing about . did joan get any , er or is she sta erm is she , is she sure to [stay] in a constant , neither better nor worse ?

does that mean that the assessment for each church will remain the same for a couple of years ? Is that the er , is that the implication ?
does that mean that the assessment for each church will [stay] the same for a couple of years ? is that the er , is that the implication ?

It is always difficult to properly assess a signature model and remain 100 % objective in the process .
it is always difficult to properly assess a signature model and [stay] 100 % objective in the process .

Additionally , while older sets of Groove Tubes exhibit normal loss of output power , they remain closely matched in our performance testing system , with balanced harmonics , longer sustain and prolonged usable lifespan .
additionally , while older sets of groove tubes exhibit normal loss of output power , they [stay] closely matched in our performance testing system , with balanced harmonics , longer sustain and prolonged usable lifespan .

This golfer has allowed his weight to remain on the left side and , worse still , has allowed his right leg to straighten .
this golfer has allowed his weight to [stay] on the left side and , worse still , has allowed his right leg to straighten .

Remember , competition for labour in Taiwan is now great , and so good conditions are essential if staff are to stay and quality of output is to remain consistently high .
remember , competition for labour in taiwan is now great , and so good conditions are essential if staff are to stay and quality of output is to [stay] consistently high .

Necks and bodies are paired up very early on and remain paired throughout the whole of the production process , ensuring compatibility , good fit and finish .
necks and bodies are paired up very early on and [stay] paired throughout the whole of the production process , ensuring compatibility , good fit and finish .

Primarily there is a pronounced listing to one side , the fish may float upside down , remain in a vertical position , sink to the bottom of the tank , or have difficulty in altering its position in the water .
primarily there is a pronounced listing to one side , the fish may float upside down , [stay] in a vertical position , sink to the bottom of the tank , or have difficulty in altering its position in the water .

The lucky ones , once established in their new home will remain there for the rest of their lives unless driven out by force of numbers .
the lucky ones , once established in their new home will [stay] there for the rest of their lives unless driven out by force of numbers .

Similarly , if you find some of the newer exercises get too hard for you , remain on the previous day 's exercises until you become.more supple and strong .
similarly , if you find some of the newer exercises get too hard for you , [stay] on the previous day 's exercises until you become.more supple and strong .

Laney go to great lengths in their literature to point out that , while the two different technologies remain mutually exclusive , each has its good points and there is no reason why both should not co-exist .
laney go to great lengths in their literature to point out that , while the two different technologies [stay] mutually exclusive , each has its good points and there is no reason why both should not co-exist .

The German Dynacord company remain relatively unheralded within the modern music industry , even though they 've been around for over forty years , in fact since the very inception of electronic amplification .
the german dynacord company [stay] relatively unheralded within the modern music industry , even though they 've been around for over forty years , in fact since the very inception of electronic amplification .

Most flesh-eating reptiles have simple spikes that prevent them from chewing their prey ; they have to gulp it down whole and then remain in a torpor for days or weeks to digest the meal .
most flesh-eating reptiles have simple spikes that prevent them from chewing their prey ; they have to gulp it down whole and then [stay] in a torpor for days or weeks to digest the meal .

Temperature regulation in tachymetabolic species in which core temperatures remain roughly steady despite ambient temperature changes .
temperature regulation in tachymetabolic species in which core temperatures [stay] roughly steady despite ambient temperature changes .

It is possible for a man 's commitment to his fundamental principles to remain firm even though he may act in certain circumstances in a way contrary to those principles .
it is possible for a man 's commitment to his fundamental principles to [stay] firm even though he may act in certain circumstances in a way contrary to those principles .

How Dustin would have managed to submit himself to a real auteur like Bergman must remain a matter for conjecture .
how dustin would have managed to submit himself to a real auteur like bergman must [stay] a matter for conjecture .

‘ It 's better to remain a maid , than to wed the wrong man .
‘ it 's better to [stay] a maid , than to wed the wrong man .

Now that Hilary was three years old , Stephen had made it clear to his own mother that the necessity for her to remain at the Manor was past .
now that hilary was three years old , stephen had made it clear to his own mother that the necessity for her to [stay] at the manor was past .

He failed always to understand that there was a large area of common ground in British public opinion on India which consisted in the belief that , with a few adjustments , British rule could be made , and remain , acceptable to Indians for ever , and that differences of opinion were to a considerable extent about how this was to be done .
he failed always to understand that there was a large area of common ground in british public opinion on india which consisted in the belief that , with a few adjustments , british rule could be made , and [stay] , acceptable to indians for ever , and that differences of opinion were to a considerable extent about how this was to be done .

We remain always just approximations .
we [stay] always just approximations .

There is no overt recognition that fat women do not have equal access to sexual relationships : however , if a fat woman 's friends never ask her whether she is attracted to someone , they assume that she is single because she is fat and that she is likely to remain without a lover .
there is no overt recognition that fat women do not have equal access to sexual relationships : however , if a fat woman 's friends never ask her whether she is attracted to someone , they assume that she is single because she is fat and that she is likely to [stay] without a lover .

So sex education becomes crucially important , but while the 1986 Education Act and Section 28 remain in place , sex education in Britain will consist of little more than a hymn to family life , largely devoid of any education about sex .
so sex education becomes crucially important , but while the 1986 education act and section 28 [stay] in place , sex education in britain will consist of little more than a hymn to family life , largely devoid of any education about sex .

At no time will you lose track of your present persona ; that will remain with you , even if it is somewhat in the background .
at no time will you lose track of your present persona ; that will [stay] with you , even if it is somewhat in the background .

When reinstalled , reversing the flow will give an undergravel system that will remain active for years because the water is pre-filtered and only clear water passes through the gravel where nitrifying bacteria break down the ammonia and nitrites .
when reinstalled , reversing the flow will give an undergravel system that will [stay] active for years because the water is pre-filtered and only clear water passes through the gravel where nitrifying bacteria break down the ammonia and nitrites .

Substitute foods can also cause other difficulties , a good example again being the surgeonfish which are principally herbivores but will greedily accept meaty foods , even though they have real difficulties in digesting heavy proteins and essentially require plenty of plant material to remain healthy .
substitute foods can also cause other difficulties , a good example again being the surgeonfish which are principally herbivores but will greedily accept meaty foods , even though they have real difficulties in digesting heavy proteins and essentially require plenty of plant material to [stay] healthy .

Insert three fresh batteries and allow the circuit board to remain stationary for at least one minute .
insert three fresh batteries and allow the circuit board to [stay] stationary for at least one minute .

If the output voltage is to remain constant , the effectual net charge delivered to the filter capacitor must be zero ; this means that the charge provided by the inductor must be dissipated in the load .
if the output voltage is to [stay] constant , the effectual net charge delivered to the filter capacitor must be zero ; this means that the charge provided by the inductor must be dissipated in the load .

Often , a domestic detergent is also used , in order to ensure that no greasy marks remain on the board , which must be ‘ wettable ’ to accept the etch-resist lacquer .
often , a domestic detergent is also used , in order to ensure that no greasy marks [stay] on the board , which must be ‘ wettable ’ to accept the etch-resist lacquer .

If the resist is not exposed for a long enough period , it will not develop fully and so some traces will remain on the board .
if the resist is not exposed for a long enough period , it will not develop fully and so some traces will [stay] on the board .

The light source is then only required to flash on ( for a 1 ) or remain off ( for a 0 ) and does not need to follow every smooth change in the analogue pattern of the information .
the light source is then only required to flash on ( for a 1 ) or [stay] off ( for a 0 ) and does not need to follow every smooth change in the analogue pattern of the information .

Cross-talk does not occur — the signals remain confined to their own channel even where many fibres lie bundled together .
cross-talk does not occur — the signals [stay] confined to their own channel even where many fibres lie bundled together .

The fact that the d.c. supply may remain on when the receiver is turned off at its own switch ( usually ganged to the Volume control ) is a worry .
the fact that the d.c. supply may [stay] on when the receiver is turned off at its own switch ( usually ganged to the volume control ) is a worry .

Some potatoes will be soft , others will remain crisp .
some potatoes will be soft , others will [stay] crisp .

Nowadays , though , only bassist Simmons and guitarist/vocalist Paul Stanley remain of the original be-costumed quartet , originals Paul ‘ Ace ’ Frehley and drummer Peter Criss having ‘ retired ’ with alledged drink and drug-related problems .
nowadays , though , only bassist simmons and guitarist/vocalist paul stanley [stay] of the original be-costumed quartet , originals paul ‘ ace ’ frehley and drummer peter criss having ‘ retired ’ with alledged drink and drug-related problems .

Though never on the best-sellers list , Dü waxings remain at the front of many a guitarist 's record collection , and a whole new wave of bands could n't conceive of life without a copy of ‘ New Day Rising ’ .
though never on the best-sellers list , dü waxings [stay] at the front of many a guitarist 's record collection , and a whole new wave of bands could n't conceive of life without a copy of ‘ new day rising ’ .

Ferriby saw the erection of stately homes and mansions , notably in the High Street , and some still remain today .
ferriby saw the erection of stately homes and mansions , notably in the high street , and some still [stay] today .

No walls remain .
no walls [stay] .

Lose weight more quickly than ever before , because a larger proportion of the calories you consume will remain undigested ;
lose weight more quickly than ever before , because a larger proportion of the calories you consume will [stay] undigested ;

In natural fibre-rich foods the taste-evoking substances appear to remain intact within the cell walls which have not been stripped away by refining processes .
in natural fibre-rich foods the taste-evoking substances appear to [stay] intact within the cell walls which have not been stripped away by refining processes .

Third World communities who remain free of our degenerative diseases have been found to live on diets which contain a much higher percentage of carbohydrate than ours — carbohydrate obtained from cereals which have not been stripped of their dietary fibre , fibre-rich vegetables ( potatoes and other root vegetables ) , legumes and fruits .
third world communities who [stay] free of our degenerative diseases have been found to live on diets which contain a much higher percentage of carbohydrate than ours — carbohydrate obtained from cereals which have not been stripped of their dietary fibre , fibre-rich vegetables ( potatoes and other root vegetables ) , legumes and fruits .

The staff admit that a sudden rise in entrances to the zoo was likely to be largely due to an interest by the public who wanted to visit it before it finally closed and they agree that problems remain for the future .
the staff admit that a sudden rise in entrances to the zoo was likely to be largely due to an interest by the public who wanted to visit it before it finally closed and they agree that problems [stay] for the future .

In many corals the ripe eggs remain attached to the mesenteries inside the stomach cavity where they rely upon water currents to carry the sperm from other polyps for fertilization .
in many corals the ripe eggs [stay] attached to the mesenteries inside the stomach cavity where they rely upon water currents to carry the sperm from other polyps for fertilization .

The plastic bag can be removed when you have finished and the magnet will still remain clean .
the plastic bag can be removed when you have finished and the magnet will still [stay] clean .

The day may soon come when manufacturers of pond food cotton on to boilie-type foods as an alternative to pellets . But they 'll have to change the recipe if Koi are to remain Koi-shaped
the day may soon come when manufacturers of pond food cotton on to boilie-type foods as an alternative to pellets . but they 'll have to change the recipe if koi are to [stay] koi-shaped

Can homoeopathy help older people to remain mentally and physically active for longer ?
can homoeopathy help older people to [stay] mentally and physically active for longer ?

Second , the majority of those suffering from corporate crime remain unaware of their victimization — either not knowing it has happened to them or viewing their ‘ misfortune ’ as an accident and ‘ no one 's fault ’ .
second , the majority of those suffering from corporate crime [stay] unaware of their victimization — either not knowing it has happened to them or viewing their ‘ misfortune ’ as an accident and ‘ no one 's fault ’ .

But it is clear from the Asbestos Advisory Council 's latest Report ( 1980 ) that this will not happen , so they remain , in Swartz 's ( 1975 ) chilling words , ‘ silent killers at work ’ , far more deadly than the phantom killer of the opera .
but it is clear from the asbestos advisory council 's latest report ( 1980 ) that this will not happen , so they [stay] , in swartz 's ( 1975 ) chilling words , ‘ silent killers at work ’ , far more deadly than the phantom killer of the opera .

An obvious major difference between corporate and conventional crime is that the former 's victims often remain unaware .
an obvious major difference between corporate and conventional crime is that the former 's victims often [stay] unaware .

The leg must be operated on and straightened , then put into splints or plaster , or the kid 'll remain in that crippled position for the rest of his life .
the leg must be operated on and straightened , then put into splints or plaster , or the kid 'll [stay] in that crippled position for the rest of his life .

And , until ( the organisers ) can show a little more initiative in their booking policy , it will remain so .
and , until ( the organisers ) can show a little more initiative in their booking policy , it will [stay] so .

Shuvorn has gorn off picking daisies in Katie Jane Garside doolally-land and the new one who used to pose in leather mags is no longer , but the two ‘ Nanas that remain are fitter and leaner than ever .
shuvorn has gorn off picking daisies in katie jane garside doolally-land and the new one who used to pose in leather mags is no longer , but the two ‘ nanas that [stay] are fitter and leaner than ever .

Irdial Records , B12-Musicology and the new Rephlex operation are already major forces but so far remain very much — to coin Underground Resistance 's slogan — ‘ Music for those who know ’ .
irdial records , b12-musicology and the new rephlex operation are already major forces but so far [stay] very much — to coin underground resistance 's slogan — ‘ music for those who know ’ .

Although William Hills make Souness the 6-4 on favourite to remain manager next year , it 's still a shattering blow to his credibility .
although william hills make souness the 6-4 on favourite to [stay] manager next year , it 's still a shattering blow to his credibility .

And Wasps remain the fourth undefeated club in the First Division after a 15-13 win at Harlequins .
and wasps [stay] the fourth undefeated club in the first division after a 15-13 win at harlequins .

Cardiff remain the only other unbeaten club in the First Division .
cardiff [stay] the only other unbeaten club in the first division .

And once caught they usually remain customers for life .
and once caught they usually [stay] customers for life .

As he and Chancellor Norman Lamont remain deaf to the pleas of the small businessmen , the Government 's policies are hurting all right .
as he and chancellor norman lamont [stay] deaf to the pleas of the small businessmen , the government 's policies are hurting all right .

‘ The law should not be changed and the deliberate taking of a human life should remain a crime . ’
‘ the law should not be changed and the deliberate taking of a human life should [stay] a crime . ’

He had chosen to remain in the priesthood .
he had chosen to [stay] in the priesthood .

And in a week when European unity is in the spotlight , Sir Claus told the conference at Bruges in Belgium : ‘ We remain , sad to say , probably the most divisive society in advanced Europe .
and in a week when european unity is in the spotlight , sir claus told the conference at bruges in belgium : ‘ we [stay] , sad to say , probably the most divisive society in advanced europe .

‘ We have always been a class-dominated nation , and we remain divisive with unacceptable inequalities and disadvantages for many families .
‘ we have always been a class-dominated nation , and we [stay] divisive with unacceptable inequalities and disadvantages for many families .

The cases would remain with them .
the cases would [stay] with them .

All your accounts remain separate , but the amount of interest you earn is based on the family 's total .
all your accounts [stay] separate , but the amount of interest you earn is based on the family 's total .

But sometimes mysteries are more intriguing than explanations , and the swans on the blue lake , like the creatures on the golden cloud , would remain a mystery for ever in Little Billy 's memory .
but sometimes mysteries are more intriguing than explanations , and the swans on the blue lake , like the creatures on the golden cloud , would [stay] a mystery for ever in little billy 's memory .

Rigid divisions of patients by medical condition are much less usual now , and remain the province of obsessional medical students and old school consultants , for whom classification by organ is a time-honoured tradition .
rigid divisions of patients by medical condition are much less usual now , and [stay] the province of obsessional medical students and old school consultants , for whom classification by organ is a time-honoured tradition .

It is no accident that men fill most of the top jobs in nursing , while women remain on the lower grades .
it is no accident that men fill most of the top jobs in nursing , while women [stay] on the lower grades .

You may be limited by the hours the crêche is open as not all remain open in the evening , or begin early enough in the morning .
you may be limited by the hours the crêche is open as not all [stay] open in the evening , or begin early enough in the morning .

So even though you may have paid what you thought was a once and for all registration fee on qualifying prior to 1983 , if you wish to remain eligible to practise you are now required to update your registration status with the Council if you have not already done so .
so even though you may have paid what you thought was a once and for all registration fee on qualifying prior to 1983 , if you wish to [stay] eligible to practise you are now required to update your registration status with the council if you have not already done so .

If you do not intend to return to nursing employment in the near future , then you can only remain as up to date with nursing theory as possible in anticipation of your planned return , and hope that the evidence you eventually provide of recent study is sufficient to convince the Board of your readiness to return .
if you do not intend to return to nursing employment in the near future , then you can only [stay] as up to date with nursing theory as possible in anticipation of your planned return , and hope that the evidence you eventually provide of recent study is sufficient to convince the board of your readiness to return .

There are several routes open to qualified nurses and health visitors , although these will be limited if you wish to remain within one area of clinical practice . These include returning :
there are several routes open to qualified nurses and health visitors , although these will be limited if you wish to [stay] within one area of clinical practice . these include returning :

If , as a returner , you prefer to remain as a second level nurse , there should be no problem in obtaining a place on a re-entry programme .
if , as a returner , you prefer to [stay] as a second level nurse , there should be no problem in obtaining a place on a re-entry programme .

The three partners are to remain in contact to maintain a watching brief and to prepare a document outlining ideas for future management of the property .
the three partners are to [stay] in contact to maintain a watching brief and to prepare a document outlining ideas for future management of the property .

The walk should only be undertaken from June 1 until October 31 so that the vitally important calving and lambing seasons remain undisturbed .
the walk should only be undertaken from june 1 until october 31 so that the vitally important calving and lambing seasons [stay] undisturbed .

The aim is to reduce the pattern level ambiguity until only allowable words remain .
the aim is to reduce the pattern level ambiguity until only allowable words [stay] .

Firstly , when the letter strings have been looked-up in the word-list , a number of word candidates remain .
firstly , when the letter strings have been looked-up in the word-list , a number of word candidates [stay] .

Cottee believes that Shearer wo n't remain the highest-priced player for long .
cottee believes that shearer wo n't [stay] the highest-priced player for long .

‘ He will remain captain , and while other people will inevitably paint him as a so-called bad boy , that does n't wash with me .
‘ he will [stay] captain , and while other people will inevitably paint him as a so-called bad boy , that does n't wash with me .

The indirect free-kick was positioned on the six-yard line with the referee physically forcing goalkeeper Tim Flowers and his fellow defenders to remain on the goal-line .
the indirect free-kick was positioned on the six-yard line with the referee physically forcing goalkeeper tim flowers and his fellow defenders to [stay] on the goal-line .

Sky presenter Keith , 35 , chipped in : ‘ It will be nice to sort it out but it is more important if we can still remain friends for the rest of our lives . ’
sky presenter keith , 35 , chipped in : ‘ it will be nice to sort it out but it is more important if we can still [stay] friends for the rest of our lives . ’

He added : ‘ We have not reached in this country the situation where you are guilty by birth — and long may it remain so . ’
he added : ‘ we have not reached in this country the situation where you are guilty by birth — and long may it [stay] so . ’

Prostitution and suicide remain sins , but the new draft sympathises with some ‘ victims . ’
prostitution and suicide [stay] sins , but the new draft sympathises with some ‘ victims . ’

‘ Despite the excesses of some tabloids , freedom of the press is sacrosanct and should remain so . ’
‘ despite the excesses of some tabloids , freedom of the press is sacrosanct and should [stay] so . ’

But somehow she has managed to remain cool and calm .
but somehow she has managed to [stay] cool and calm .

Bravery ‘ It should remain open , ’ he said .
bravery ‘ it should [stay] open , ’ he said .

Well we 've managed to remain married and in love for 30 years , so that 's not bad .
well we 've managed to [stay] married and in love for 30 years , so that 's not bad .

But Irish Marine Minister Dr Michael Woods ordered the Celtic Pride to remain in port while surveyors examined the vessel .
but irish marine minister dr michael woods ordered the celtic pride to [stay] in port while surveyors examined the vessel .

But , thankfully , the public debate will have helped to ensure that no longer can the glaring inadequacies of the system and its inherent unfairness to participating individuals remain ignored .
but , thankfully , the public debate will have helped to ensure that no longer can the glaring inadequacies of the system and its inherent unfairness to participating individuals [stay] ignored .

With David Sole and Sean Lineen joining that renowned loose forward trio , John Jeffrey , Derek White and Finlay Calder , in retirement , Scotland will lean heavily this season on the experienced players who remain and , perhaps most of all , upon Gavin Hastings , still only 30 , who has played in 41 cap internationals as well as in three tests for the British Lions .
with david sole and sean lineen joining that renowned loose forward trio , john jeffrey , derek white and finlay calder , in retirement , scotland will lean heavily this season on the experienced players who [stay] and , perhaps most of all , upon gavin hastings , still only 30 , who has played in 41 cap internationals as well as in three tests for the british lions .

However , the report also warns against a big switch to more ‘ worthy ’ youth programmes , and emphasises that the station should remain a mass audience service built around music .
however , the report also warns against a big switch to more ‘ worthy ’ youth programmes , and emphasises that the station should [stay] a mass audience service built around music .

While such graphic interpretations of how Hendrix and his music influenced artists of the '60s were important , the brains behind the exhibition felt that the man was too big an icon to remain stuck in the past .
while such graphic interpretations of how hendrix and his music influenced artists of the '60s were important , the brains behind the exhibition felt that the man was too big an icon to [stay] stuck in the past .

When a car went by she 'd simply track it with her eyes and remain fairly unruffled ; stirred you might say , but not shaken .
when a car went by she 'd simply track it with her eyes and [stay] fairly unruffled ; stirred you might say , but not shaken .

So if savers are determined to ignore their consciences and chase the best possible returns , mortgage rates must remain under pressure .
so if savers are determined to ignore their consciences and chase the best possible returns , mortgage rates must [stay] under pressure .

He would remain on the sidelines , and do some more work if and when they were ready to launch the paper .
he would [stay] on the sidelines , and do some more work if and when they were ready to launch the paper .

It had already been decided that Hayling was to remain as chief executive , and everyone who had been doing a specific job for the company was invited to carry on .
it had already been decided that hayling was to [stay] as chief executive , and everyone who had been doing a specific job for the company was invited to carry on .

Employees should understand the various forms of relocation assistance which may be given and what terms are available under the redundancy clause should moving remain an unattractive prospect .
employees should understand the various forms of relocation assistance which may be given and what terms are available under the redundancy clause should moving [stay] an unattractive prospect .

Families can be torn in trying to decide whether children should accompany their parents abroad and receive their schooling there or whether they should remain in the home country at a boarding school .
families can be torn in trying to decide whether children should accompany their parents abroad and receive their schooling there or whether they should [stay] in the home country at a boarding school .

Staff 's anxieties will grow if their questions remain unanswered .
staff 's anxieties will grow if their questions [stay] unanswered .

Many of these employees were women and the company was not surprised that they decided to remain in London where their husbands were working .
many of these employees were women and the company was not surprised that they decided to [stay] in london where their husbands were working .

They tend to review their arrangements — perhaps in consultation with their unions — so that allowances remain within Inland Revenue limits ( to ensure employees do not pay tax on them ) and so they provide adequate compensation for any costs incurred and the domestic upheaval involved in moving .
they tend to review their arrangements — perhaps in consultation with their unions — so that allowances [stay] within inland revenue limits ( to ensure employees do not pay tax on them ) and so they provide adequate compensation for any costs incurred and the domestic upheaval involved in moving .

The briefing session should provide an explanation of the taxation/social security system in the overseas location and the degree to which the expatriates remain affected by the British system .
the briefing session should provide an explanation of the taxation/social security system in the overseas location and the degree to which the expatriates [stay] affected by the british system .

This enables them to conduct their business affairs in person , maintain links with the home-based company and remain in touch with family and friends .
this enables them to conduct their business affairs in person , maintain links with the home-based company and [stay] in touch with family and friends .

This does not mean that nuclear use is permitted under the laws of war , for the fundamental principles regarding such matters as protection of non-combatants remain .
this does not mean that nuclear use is permitted under the laws of war , for the fundamental principles regarding such matters as protection of non-combatants [stay] .

Just as within states murder may remain a crime even if not all possible murder weapons are specifically identified in the laws , so between states indiscriminate slaughter may remain a crime even if nuclear weapons are not specifically mentioned in the laws of war .
just as within states murder may [stay] a crime even if not all possible murder weapons are specifically identified in the laws , so between states indiscriminate slaughter may [stay] a crime even if nuclear weapons are not specifically mentioned in the laws of war .

For reasons given in the next section , we remain sympathetically sceptical .
for reasons given in the next section , we [stay] sympathetically sceptical .

In other words , different legal arenas are not entirely severed from each other , and political movements such as the peace movement will have to bear in mind the impact of its legal activities on legal arenas other than those with which it is immediately engaged : for example , does the encouragement of judicial activism by the peace movement , or an invitation to adjudication based on natural law , open floodgates which — although they produce desirable results in the short term — one would in the long term prefer to remain shut ?
in other words , different legal arenas are not entirely severed from each other , and political movements such as the peace movement will have to bear in mind the impact of its legal activities on legal arenas other than those with which it is immediately engaged : for example , does the encouragement of judicial activism by the peace movement , or an invitation to adjudication based on natural law , open floodgates which — although they produce desirable results in the short term — one would in the long term prefer to [stay] shut ?

Rebel forces remain encamped in the North of the islands , apparently supported by a Chinese Guomintang warlord and a Swiss-based multinat .
rebel forces [stay] encamped in the north of the islands , apparently supported by a chinese guomintang warlord and a swiss-based multinat .

She assumed a fighting stance , but could n't remain balanced .
she assumed a fighting stance , but could n't [stay] balanced .

Experts remain divided on the question of Dr Proctor 's state of mind during the period when he is confirmed to have been responsible for seven hundred and fifty-three homicides , but the Supreme Court has ruled him insane and irresponsible .
experts [stay] divided on the question of dr proctor 's state of mind during the period when he is confirmed to have been responsible for seven hundred and fifty-three homicides , but the supreme court has ruled him insane and irresponsible .

This seems to leave us only two options : either to believe anyway ( repressing our doubts and feeling guilty about those that remain ) or to give up faith .
this seems to leave us only two options : either to believe anyway ( repressing our doubts and feeling guilty about those that [stay] ) or to give up faith .

The first is by allowing pre-Christian presuppositions to remain .
the first is by allowing pre-christian presuppositions to [stay] .

Other people have a concept of God so fundamentally false that it would be better for them to doubt than to remain devout .
other people have a concept of god so fundamentally false that it would be better for them to doubt than to [stay] devout .

It is characteristic of faith that it can not remain in two minds ; it can not leave things in the air .
it is characteristic of faith that it can not [stay] in two minds ; it can not leave things in the air .

It is , and no doubt will remain , a moot point whether , in these events , the old parliaments were abolished and replaced by novel creations , or whether a pre-existing parliament was merely renamed .
it is , and no doubt will [stay] , a moot point whether , in these events , the old parliaments were abolished and replaced by novel creations , or whether a pre-existing parliament was merely renamed .

One was , for example , offered to Sir Winston Churchill but he preferred to remain a commoner .
one was , for example , offered to sir winston churchill but he preferred to [stay] a commoner .

Even however , if the hereditary element were thus removed , there would remain controversy about the basis of selection for the rest .
even however , if the hereditary element were thus removed , there would [stay] controversy about the basis of selection for the rest .

None of this affects the tenure of office of Ministers of the Crown ; they remain ‘ the government ’ although they will , of course , resign if the country rejects them .
none of this affects the tenure of office of ministers of the crown ; they [stay] ‘ the government ’ although they will , of course , resign if the country rejects them .

Where a court adjudges a Member bankrupt , it must notify the Speaker and , after six months , when the House takes note of the order , he may become disqualified and remain so after his discharge , the length of the disqualification depending upon whether the court certifies that he was not at fault ( in which case the period is one year ) , failing which the period is five years .
where a court adjudges a member bankrupt , it must notify the speaker and , after six months , when the house takes note of the order , he may become disqualified and [stay] so after his discharge , the length of the disqualification depending upon whether the court certifies that he was not at fault ( in which case the period is one year ) , failing which the period is five years .

It means that the instrument in question requires positively to be approved if it is to become or , more usually , remain in force as law .
it means that the instrument in question requires positively to be approved if it is to become or , more usually , [stay] in force as law .

In practice , it has been extremely rare for the Lords to use even such powers as remain to it to reject Commons Bills .
in practice , it has been extremely rare for the lords to use even such powers as [stay] to it to reject commons bills .

Even so , over 500 Members remain qualified to do so .
even so , over 500 members [stay] qualified to do so .

Had no such provision been made , and had it merely been left to the initiative of backbenchers to keep an eye on instruments tabled , it is highly probable that many instruments would become or remain law with never a critical eye being cast over them .
had no such provision been made , and had it merely been left to the initiative of backbenchers to keep an eye on instruments tabled , it is highly probable that many instruments would become or [stay] law with never a critical eye being cast over them .

The position nevertheless remains that the possibility exists of parliamentary legislation inconsistent with the 1972 Act being preferred by an English court under the doctrine of implied repeal and , even if this possibility were removed , there would always remain the possibility of an express repeal , for notwithstanding this impressive accumulation of law and practice there is no shortage of political figures who insist that the sovereignty of the Parliament of the United Kingdom stands unimpaired , and plenty who are pledged to use that power to extract the United Kingdom from the coils of Europe in which they see it as enmeshed .
the position nevertheless remains that the possibility exists of parliamentary legislation inconsistent with the 1972 act being preferred by an english court under the doctrine of implied repeal and , even if this possibility were removed , there would always [stay] the possibility of an express repeal , for notwithstanding this impressive accumulation of law and practice there is no shortage of political figures who insist that the sovereignty of the parliament of the united kingdom stands unimpaired , and plenty who are pledged to use that power to extract the united kingdom from the coils of europe in which they see it as enmeshed .

The appeal judges ruled that the dogs should remain where they were , but that the Sharmas should receive compensation from the new owners of about £290 each .
the appeal judges ruled that the dogs should [stay] where they were , but that the sharmas should receive compensation from the new owners of about £290 each .

Many old-fashioned dog trainers used to believe that if dogs were left to fight it out , one would ultimately emerge victorious and remain dominant .
many old-fashioned dog trainers used to believe that if dogs were left to fight it out , one would ultimately emerge victorious and [stay] dominant .

If the bereaved is your mother-in-law you have the problem of trying to help someone with whose personality and reactions you may not be entirely familiar ; but you will have the advantage of being able to remain a little more detached from the throbbing centre of her pain and therefore freer to be objective in the help you give her , without in any way reducing the flow of sympathy and affection she will hope to receive from you .
if the bereaved is your mother-in-law you have the problem of trying to help someone with whose personality and reactions you may not be entirely familiar ; but you will have the advantage of being able to [stay] a little more detached from the throbbing centre of her pain and therefore freer to be objective in the help you give her , without in any way reducing the flow of sympathy and affection she will hope to receive from you .

You may feel inadequate at this point , because whatever you do for her will not seem to lift the cloud of her despair , but by being willing simply to be there and available in the background , accepting uncritically her inevitable mood-swings , and allowing her to talk , weep , or remain silent just as she wishes , you will be proving your concern for her ; and loving concern and the right to grieve in their own way is what the bereaved need most of all .
you may feel inadequate at this point , because whatever you do for her will not seem to lift the cloud of her despair , but by being willing simply to be there and available in the background , accepting uncritically her inevitable mood-swings , and allowing her to talk , weep , or [stay] silent just as she wishes , you will be proving your concern for her ; and loving concern and the right to grieve in their own way is what the bereaved need most of all .

Now that hope will have been taken from her , leaving her feeling that they have unfinished business , which ( unless she believes in life after death ) will remain unfinished for ever .
now that hope will have been taken from her , leaving her feeling that they have unfinished business , which ( unless she believes in life after death ) will [stay] unfinished for ever .

The widower will receive many more invitations out to meals in other people 's homes in the early days too , and he will have the advantage of never having to feel trapped in the isolation of an empty house in the evenings ; for if his emotional condition after his wife 's death is reasonably steady and he feels the need of company , he can always stroll out to the local pub for a drink , where he can remain in complete control of the amount of conversation he wants , or can endure , and can head for home again just when he feels like it .
the widower will receive many more invitations out to meals in other people 's homes in the early days too , and he will have the advantage of never having to feel trapped in the isolation of an empty house in the evenings ; for if his emotional condition after his wife 's death is reasonably steady and he feels the need of company , he can always stroll out to the local pub for a drink , where he can [stay] in complete control of the amount of conversation he wants , or can endure , and can head for home again just when he feels like it .

Since she was capable of loving so deeply , she can still , if she chooses , remain in the business of giving and receiving love for as long as she lives , for although she may feel that she is no longer everything to anyone , she can still mean a great deal to a number of people .
since she was capable of loving so deeply , she can still , if she chooses , [stay] in the business of giving and receiving love for as long as she lives , for although she may feel that she is no longer everything to anyone , she can still mean a great deal to a number of people .

The large extended family , with its reliable supporting cast of aunts , uncles and cousins , as well as sons and daughters , all willing to help older members to remain happily in their own homes for as long as possible , is a thing of the past .
the large extended family , with its reliable supporting cast of aunts , uncles and cousins , as well as sons and daughters , all willing to help older members to [stay] happily in their own homes for as long as possible , is a thing of the past .

Many elderly people can remain in their own homes even if they are living alone , provided that they can get adequate help with some of the heavier and more awkward chores : cleaning high up , or low down , under furniture or in corners which have become inaccessible to them .
many elderly people can [stay] in their own homes even if they are living alone , provided that they can get adequate help with some of the heavier and more awkward chores : cleaning high up , or low down , under furniture or in corners which have become inaccessible to them .

This can be comforting to them to some extent , but what they really want to hear is that you will not only see that they are cared for properly for the rest of their days , but that you will help them to remain in control of their own finances and to be as independent as possible .
this can be comforting to them to some extent , but what they really want to hear is that you will not only see that they are cared for properly for the rest of their days , but that you will help them to [stay] in control of their own finances and to be as independent as possible .

The old and lonely are very vulnerable , and if you have sounded detached , preoccupied , or hurried during the conversation they can easily feel hurt and rejected ; and that hurt can be like an emotional graze that will remain painful until you are able to see them again and heal it .
the old and lonely are very vulnerable , and if you have sounded detached , preoccupied , or hurried during the conversation they can easily feel hurt and rejected ; and that hurt can be like an emotional graze that will [stay] painful until you are able to see them again and heal it .

This is not to say that there are not many households where there is peace and contentment , when the old person is fortunate enough to keep well in mind and body even when she becomes frail , and where the daughter prefers to remain at home , and is able to make a satisfying life for herself .
this is not to say that there are not many households where there is peace and contentment , when the old person is fortunate enough to keep well in mind and body even when she becomes frail , and where the daughter prefers to [stay] at home , and is able to make a satisfying life for herself .

There are many parents who remain in good health both mentally and physically to the day of their death , even if their physical strength is reduced , and it becomes no longer desirable for them to live alone ; and there are many daughters who share their homes in an atmosphere of personal freedom , happiness and fulfilment , enjoying their companionship right to the end .
there are many parents who [stay] in good health both mentally and physically to the day of their death , even if their physical strength is reduced , and it becomes no longer desirable for them to live alone ; and there are many daughters who share their homes in an atmosphere of personal freedom , happiness and fulfilment , enjoying their companionship right to the end .

If she is a regular churchgoer her previous vicar , minister , priest or rabbi will probably have put her in touch with a place of worship near to your home , and whether you are churchgoers or not you should make every effort to enable her to remain active in church life and enjoy all the organisations connected with it , in which she will make friends .
if she is a regular churchgoer her previous vicar , minister , priest or rabbi will probably have put her in touch with a place of worship near to your home , and whether you are churchgoers or not you should make every effort to enable her to [stay] active in church life and enjoy all the organisations connected with it , in which she will make friends .

You should never attempt to dominate her simply because she is living in your home , for when you invited her to come to live with you it became her home too — the only home she has now , and she must be allowed to remain her own woman .
you should never attempt to dominate her simply because she is living in your home , for when you invited her to come to live with you it became her home too — the only home she has now , and she must be allowed to [stay] her own woman .

Three remain free-standing ; the other as part of federations .
three [stay] free-standing ; the other as part of federations .

The wine , transported in cask and bottled in London in the superior verre anglais , would remain dormant until the warmth of the following spring or , maybe , the warmth of a local tavern .
the wine , transported in cask and bottled in london in the superior verre anglais , would [stay] dormant until the warmth of the following spring or , maybe , the warmth of a local tavern .

On the other hand , subsoil will always remain geologically true , however cultivated the vineyard may be .
on the other hand , subsoil will always [stay] geologically true , however cultivated the vineyard may be .

Pinot Blanc wines in Champagne have more body than the Chardonnay and a greater alcoholic potential , but they lack finesse and usually remain neutral or possess a slightly earthy taste .
pinot blanc wines in champagne have more body than the chardonnay and a greater alcoholic potential , but they lack finesse and usually [stay] neutral or possess a slightly earthy taste .

This leaves the vine curled in a heap , a condition in which it will remain until the January or February pruning when all but the one-year-old growth is either cut away or buried for advancing into new vines .
this leaves the vine curled in a heap , a condition in which it will [stay] until the january or february pruning when all but the one-year-old growth is either cut away or buried for advancing into new vines .

Via infected leaves these winter spores enter the soil where they can remain alive for several years .
via infected leaves these winter spores enter the soil where they can [stay] alive for several years .

’ There was enough venom in his voice to poison the landlord who managed to remain unmoved .
’ there was enough venom in his voice to poison the landlord who managed to [stay] unmoved .

‘ He saves you from a beating with remarkable ease and skill , yet you remain as blind and dull-witted as an earthworm .
‘ he saves you from a beating with remarkable ease and skill , yet you [stay] as blind and dull-witted as an earthworm .

One night was the most he could expect to remain hidden .
one night was the most he could expect to [stay] hidden .

Even when the weather changes , the bumps remain .
even when the weather changes , the bumps [stay] .

Some children remain dry for years , then relapse after coming under stress .
some children [stay] dry for years , then relapse after coming under stress .

To Bustin , paint is alive , like skin , ‘ it can be peeled back , or remain covered .
to bustin , paint is alive , like skin , ‘ it can be peeled back , or [stay] covered .

Female war artists , however , remained and remain a rarity .
female war artists , however , remained and [stay] a rarity .

would remain swaying
would [stay] swaying

One new church in America called its sanctuary The Living Room , so keen was it to remain normal .
one new church in america called its sanctuary the living room , so keen was it to [stay] normal .

When a sizeable group is commissioned and sent out from a church large gaps remain .
when a sizeable group is commissioned and sent out from a church large gaps [stay] .

It may be asked , if there is among Anglican church planters a hesitation about wearing robes and if there is a positive desire to adapt the liturgy of the Church of England , why and in what way can they say that they remain Anglican ?
it may be asked , if there is among anglican church planters a hesitation about wearing robes and if there is a positive desire to adapt the liturgy of the church of england , why and in what way can they say that they [stay] anglican ?

Where the door remains shut , this kind of openness to God in worship can remain incomprehensible and even irritating .
where the door remains shut , this kind of openness to god in worship can [stay] incomprehensible and even irritating .

Anything that would pay enough to live and allow him to remain on the headland to carry on the campaign .
anything that would pay enough to live and allow him to [stay] on the headland to carry on the campaign .

’ He found that he could n't remain seated while she was striding to and fro across the office .
’ he found that he could n't [stay] seated while she was striding to and fro across the office .

but someone he could trust , someone who understood the language , someone who would afterwards be gone , who would n't remain as a perpetual reminder of his uncertainties , a fellow professional to whom he could comfortably think aloud .
but someone he could trust , someone who understood the language , someone who would afterwards be gone , who would n't [stay] as a perpetual reminder of his uncertainties , a fellow professional to whom he could comfortably think aloud .

‘ But presumably not ambitious , else why should she be content to remain at Larksoken ?
‘ but presumably not ambitious , else why should she be content to [stay] at larksoken ?

Valerie said she wanted to have her own room , separate holidays occasionally and a guarantee that they would remain in London where all her family lived .
valerie said she wanted to have her own room , separate holidays occasionally and a guarantee that they would [stay] in london where all her family lived .

Although a traffic function would remain , the car would be demoted from the position of priority which it had come to hold in most streets .
although a traffic function would [stay] , the car would be demoted from the position of priority which it had come to hold in most streets .

The key to its adaptation was the realisation that the street system could remain as fully connected as before , with closures made unnecessary , provided that the speeds on those streets were reduced ( Figure 5.2c ) .
the key to its adaptation was the realisation that the street system could [stay] as fully connected as before , with closures made unnecessary , provided that the speeds on those streets were reduced ( figure 5.2c ) .

In the book there are illustrations of traffic calming scenes in which walkers stroll among the cars and bikes , whilst elsewhere they remain on pavements , protected by kerbs .
in the book there are illustrations of traffic calming scenes in which walkers stroll among the cars and bikes , whilst elsewhere they [stay] on pavements , protected by kerbs .

In some cases these are resurfaced using cobbles and in others they remain asphalt , with warning triangles painted on the road .
in some cases these are resurfaced using cobbles and in others they [stay] asphalt , with warning triangles painted on the road .

Taking all of these approaches together , it is clear that some intractable problems remain .
taking all of these approaches together , it is clear that some intractable problems [stay] .

But Edouard had no intention of going public ; he wanted de Chavigny to remain a private company , as it had always been , with the reins of power firmly in one pair of hands : his hands .
but edouard had no intention of going public ; he wanted de chavigny to [stay] a private company , as it had always been , with the reins of power firmly in one pair of hands : his hands .

They then remain seated while the rest leave for the next trip .
they then [stay] seated while the rest leave for the next trip .

One child leaves the room and a leader is chosen from those who remain .
one child leaves the room and a leader is chosen from those who [stay] .

Those who remain are out .
those who [stay] are out .

Local people interviewed on the film spoke of the emptiness of atheism and even those who remain atheists acknowledged that the spreading of the gospel , now allowed in the country , will only do good .
local people interviewed on the film spoke of the emptiness of atheism and even those who [stay] atheists acknowledged that the spreading of the gospel , now allowed in the country , will only do good .

Her two most efficient means though remain her liturgy — the source and summit of the Christian life — and her personnel — you and me .
her two most efficient means though [stay] her liturgy — the source and summit of the christian life — and her personnel — you and me .

However , if we fail to listen to our young people not only will we remain ignorant of their concerns and problems but we will also be starved of their insights and talents .
however , if we fail to listen to our young people not only will we [stay] ignorant of their concerns and problems but we will also be starved of their insights and talents .

Although Australia remain one of the few countries to have taken part in every Summer Olympiad ( Greece , Switzerland and Great Britain are the others ) , they did not bring a cricket team to Paris .
although australia [stay] one of the few countries to have taken part in every summer olympiad ( greece , switzerland and great britain are the others ) , they did not bring a cricket team to paris .

Rumours that the previous record-holder , Geoffrey Boycott , had his back to the play at the key moment remain unverified .
rumours that the previous record-holder , geoffrey boycott , had his back to the play at the key moment [stay] unverified .

He probably accepts that the ultimate accolade for the county cricketer will now remain inaccessible .
he probably accepts that the ultimate accolade for the county cricketer will now [stay] inaccessible .

Many works give initial impact through colour , but in order to remain substantial they must also have a physical quality and that means texture .
many works give initial impact through colour , but in order to [stay] substantial they must also have a physical quality and that means texture .

teaching approaches which maintained an often slavish adherence to the textbook , reliance on narrow questions often requiring monosyllabic answers , an inability to follow up and extend pupils ' answers and an over prescriptive method whereby the teacher was able to remain within a constricted , safe pattern of work .
teaching approaches which maintained an often slavish adherence to the textbook , reliance on narrow questions often requiring monosyllabic answers , an inability to follow up and extend pupils ' answers and an over prescriptive method whereby the teacher was able to [stay] within a constricted , safe pattern of work .

Sadly , it seems more likely that the appeal of the existing examination tradition will remain vastly superior to that of a novel and relatively untried procedure .
sadly , it seems more likely that the appeal of the existing examination tradition will [stay] vastly superior to that of a novel and relatively untried procedure .

It expects profitability to remain under pressure , despite recent restructuring actions aimed at achieving $ 50m in annual cost savings .
it expects profitability to [stay] under pressure , despite recent restructuring actions aimed at achieving $ 50m in annual cost savings .

It is important for practitioners to remain flexible , sometimes widening the focus to include extended current or previous family members , to avoid triangulation or colluding with anyone family member , and to avoid judging which includes the assumption that problems are all related to being a step-family .
it is important for practitioners to [stay] flexible , sometimes widening the focus to include extended current or previous family members , to avoid triangulation or colluding with anyone family member , and to avoid judging which includes the assumption that problems are all related to being a step-family .

Readability will remain the first principle of Cobol , no matter what paradigm fashion dictates it must embrace .
readability will [stay] the first principle of cobol , no matter what paradigm fashion dictates it must embrace .

There are only a few passes which remain open all year , although many smaller routes can be traversed freely throughout the summer months .
there are only a few passes which [stay] open all year , although many smaller routes can be traversed freely throughout the summer months .

( Some patients are not convinced that practice records remain confidential , while others fear that personal revelations may affect future relationships with their doctors . )
( some patients are not convinced that practice records [stay] confidential , while others fear that personal revelations may affect future relationships with their doctors . )

Indeed there is , if anything , a tendency for the final events to be revealed early in the investigation while the factors which led to them remain obscure until a much later stage , and some do not ever emerge at all .
indeed there is , if anything , a tendency for the final events to be revealed early in the investigation while the factors which led to them [stay] obscure until a much later stage , and some do not ever emerge at all .

The result has been that in some cases the insurance premiums which manufacturers have to pay to protect themselves are so high as to make it no longer profitable for them to remain in business .
the result has been that in some cases the insurance premiums which manufacturers have to pay to protect themselves are so high as to make it no longer profitable for them to [stay] in business .

The tail installation requirement of flight recorders has proved very beneficial over the years but the stringent crash protection requirements remain in force .
the tail installation requirement of flight recorders has proved very beneficial over the years but the stringent crash protection requirements [stay] in force .

Although the need for fixed radio relay systems seems likely to remain at current levels in the foreseeable future , any diminution in spectrum availability will have to be compensated for .
although the need for fixed radio relay systems seems likely to [stay] at current levels in the foreseeable future , any diminution in spectrum availability will have to be compensated for .

He was sitting with Mick at the top of a hill and he was wishing with a deep desire that he could remain in time , this present time , forever .
he was sitting with mick at the top of a hill and he was wishing with a deep desire that he could [stay] in time , this present time , forever .

In this fresh , comparative reassessment of the theories of John Stuart Mill and Karl Marx on human freedom Smart asks why liberalism and marxism should remain mutually exclusive .
in this fresh , comparative reassessment of the theories of john stuart mill and karl marx on human freedom smart asks why liberalism and marxism should [stay] mutually exclusive .

This unique video shows all the build up to the World Angling Championship in 1990 , the practice sessions , discussions , the work which ensures that England remain at the top of the world .
this unique video shows all the build up to the world angling championship in 1990 , the practice sessions , discussions , the work which ensures that england [stay] at the top of the world .

One can have success and the elegance to remain discreet .
one can have success and the elegance to [stay] discreet .

And likely , we suspect , to remain so .
and likely , we suspect , to [stay] so .

More than 50 pc have also increased their number of overseas customers and three-quarters remain optimistic about prospects for the rest of the year .
more than 50 pc have also increased their number of overseas customers and three-quarters [stay] optimistic about prospects for the rest of the year .

‘ It 's the right budget at the right time from the right Chancellor ! ’ he said , apparently to suggest Mr Lamont will remain in office through the next Cabinet reshuffle , and almost certainly the one after that .
‘ it 's the right budget at the right time from the right chancellor ! ’ he said , apparently to suggest mr lamont will [stay] in office through the next cabinet reshuffle , and almost certainly the one after that .

He could not legally remain a Fellow of his Cambridge College for longer than seven years without taking Orders .
he could not legally [stay] a fellow of his cambridge college for longer than seven years without taking orders .

Although he made such an excellent impression on the journey that it was suggested that he should remain with the Princess as her secretary , he left the royal party at Utrecht .
although he made such an excellent impression on the journey that it was suggested that he should [stay] with the princess as her secretary , he left the royal party at utrecht .

The two older girls , Mary and Anne Collett , determined to remain virgins and asked the Bishop of Lincoln , John Williams , whose palace was nearby at Buckden , to receive their vows .
the two older girls , mary and anne collett , determined to [stay] virgins and asked the bishop of lincoln , john williams , whose palace was nearby at buckden , to receive their vows .

When Ken thereupon resigned , however , William appealed to him to remain , which he did for a further year .
when ken thereupon resigned , however , william appealed to him to [stay] , which he did for a further year .

It will become windy in the far north and west , and remain warm in the south .
it will become windy in the far north and west , and [stay] warm in the south .

The details of this illness remain obscure , but in 1693 Newton became sufficiently disturbed in mind for rumours of his insanity to gain widespread acceptance .
the details of this illness [stay] obscure , but in 1693 newton became sufficiently disturbed in mind for rumours of his insanity to gain widespread acceptance .

On the other hand , we realise that professional clinicians coming to the book might remain unconvinced about some of our chosen examples , as indeed might those readers who only feel comfortable with terms like ‘ schizophrenia ’ when they are used in a sense that has been given medical approval .
on the other hand , we realise that professional clinicians coming to the book might [stay] unconvinced about some of our chosen examples , as indeed might those readers who only feel comfortable with terms like ‘ schizophrenia ’ when they are used in a sense that has been given medical approval .

The difference between the normal and the schizophrenic is , then , solely a matter of degree , depending upon the extent to which the products of autism become fixed in place or , alternatively , remain under rational control .
the difference between the normal and the schizophrenic is , then , solely a matter of degree , depending upon the extent to which the products of autism become fixed in place or , alternatively , [stay] under rational control .

The delicate balance of cooperation between them — occurring across the corpus callosum and involving some kind of filtering process — is therefore of crucial importance in allowing the left hemisphere to remain responsive to the right hemisphere 's influence , yet sufficiently in control to avoid overloading of conscious , directed thought .
the delicate balance of cooperation between them — occurring across the corpus callosum and involving some kind of filtering process — is therefore of crucial importance in allowing the left hemisphere to [stay] responsive to the right hemisphere 's influence , yet sufficiently in control to avoid overloading of conscious , directed thought .

After that , the possibilities for the disturbed were very much what they were to remain until the introduction of the major tranquillisers — and indeed what they had been from Roman times .
after that , the possibilities for the disturbed were very much what they were to [stay] until the introduction of the major tranquillisers — and indeed what they had been from roman times .

Articles on doctrinal themes such as God , Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit show how the churches have converged in their teachings and also point out the areas of difference that remain .
articles on doctrinal themes such as god , jesus christ and the holy spirit show how the churches have converged in their teachings and also point out the areas of difference that [stay] .

To protect those that remain , The Royal Society for Nature Conservation is running the British Wildlife appeal , chaired by Sir David Attenborough .
to protect those that [stay] , the royal society for nature conservation is running the british wildlife appeal , chaired by sir david attenborough .

To Bustin , paint is alive , like skin , ‘ it can be peeled back , or remain covered .
to bustin , paint is alive , like skin , ‘ it can be peeled back , or [stay] covered .

Female war artists , however , remained and remain a rarity .
female war artists , however , remained and [stay] a rarity .

All the existing regional offices ( at Exeter , Aberystwyth and Newcastle ) remain , but most staff are based in Keyworth and Edinburgh .
all the existing regional offices ( at exeter , aberystwyth and newcastle ) [stay] , but most staff are based in keyworth and edinburgh .

Survey of the Flint ( 108 ) sheet , building on the applied geological mapping of Deeside , continued ; only a small northern part of the Clwydian Hills and part of the Vale of Clwyd remain to be investigated .
survey of the flint ( 108 ) sheet , building on the applied geological mapping of deeside , continued ; only a small northern part of the clwydian hills and part of the vale of clwyd [stay] to be investigated .

The maximum in the current solar cycle has passed , but both solar and geomagnetic activity remain high .
the maximum in the current solar cycle has passed , but both solar and geomagnetic activity [stay] high .

Sift the flour with the salt , cut in the butter until no lumps remain , then stir in the sugar and dried fruit .
sift the flour with the salt , cut in the butter until no lumps [stay] , then stir in the sugar and dried fruit .

Tait intends to remain at his Berkshire base until the 1994 World Championships , after which he may return to his native New Zealand .
tait intends to [stay] at his berkshire base until the 1994 world championships , after which he may return to his native new zealand .

Cool Ground is likely to miss the Gold Cup if ground conditions remain fast .
cool ground is likely to miss the gold cup if ground conditions [stay] fast .

And there are many others who simply remain silent in the face of overt anti-lesbian comments .
and there are many others who simply [stay] silent in the face of overt anti-lesbian comments .

In our attempts to take racism seriously we denied the importance of heterosexism by allowing it to remain excluded from the agenda .
in our attempts to take racism seriously we denied the importance of heterosexism by allowing it to [stay] excluded from the agenda .

Despite the growth of our work and our self-esteem , we still remain marginalized and at risk .
despite the growth of our work and our self-esteem , we still [stay] marginalized and at risk .

It 's not unusual on girls ' weekends or at women workers ' conferences for them to be demonstrative with each other , or with the young women , while we remain caught in the straight-jacket of frigidity while we are in the public eye .
it 's not unusual on girls ' weekends or at women workers ' conferences for them to be demonstrative with each other , or with the young women , while we [stay] caught in the straight-jacket of frigidity while we are in the public eye .

Under the changes , needy and elderly people and those who currently get free prescriptions on medical grounds will remain exempt .
under the changes , needy and elderly people and those who currently get free prescriptions on medical grounds will [stay] exempt .

The visitors would act as spokesmen and advisers for clergy who remain opposed to women priests and assist the archbishops in monitoring the arrangements made for them .
the visitors would act as spokesmen and advisers for clergy who [stay] opposed to women priests and assist the archbishops in monitoring the arrangements made for them .

It was agreed however that a ‘ Red Lion Roundabout ’ should remain so named , even if the pub later changed its name to ‘ Rose and Crown .
it was agreed however that a ‘ red lion roundabout ’ should [stay] so named , even if the pub later changed its name to ‘ rose and crown .

But Labour councillor Tom Chipperfield said : ‘ This is bound to cost more if you think that more old people will choose to remain in their own homes .
but labour councillor tom chipperfield said : ‘ this is bound to cost more if you think that more old people will choose to [stay] in their own homes .

However , many within the Mid Essex Mental Health Services Unit remain deeply unhappy about being refused a merger with the larger hospital trust based at Broomfield in Chelmsford .
however , many within the mid essex mental health services unit [stay] deeply unhappy about being refused a merger with the larger hospital trust based at broomfield in chelmsford .

Such are the questions which remain to be addressed .
such are the questions which [stay] to be addressed .

The reasons for it remain to be fully understood but it will certainly reopen the debate about this aspect of dependency — chosen or enforced ?
the reasons for it [stay] to be fully understood but it will certainly reopen the debate about this aspect of dependency — chosen or enforced ?

The 1981 census showed that nearly 97 per cent of people of pensionable age were thus accommodated ; while the recent dramatic growth of private residential care may increase the proportion in institutional care , the fact remains that they will remain a minute fraction of the elderly population .
the 1981 census showed that nearly 97 per cent of people of pensionable age were thus accommodated ; while the recent dramatic growth of private residential care may increase the proportion in institutional care , the fact remains that they will [stay] a minute fraction of the elderly population .

However , most would accept that ideally elderly people should have a choice of agreeable alternatives to suit their circumstances and conditions and that a majority would choose to remain in their own homes .
however , most would accept that ideally elderly people should have a choice of agreeable alternatives to suit their circumstances and conditions and that a majority would choose to [stay] in their own homes .

There is ample evidence that those ties remain strong even as the character of networks changes in other ways and thus these basic family links continue to be the first line of defence , the more so because other forms of association may weaken .
there is ample evidence that those ties [stay] strong even as the character of networks changes in other ways and thus these basic family links continue to be the first line of defence , the more so because other forms of association may weaken .

These matters remain further to be explored .
these matters [stay] further to be explored .

The extent to which this need remain so tightly gender-related is debatable .
the extent to which this need [stay] so tightly gender-related is debatable .

We remain ignorant as to the basis of this consistent and apparently universal outcome ( that wives and mothers spend a great deal more time tending than their husbands ) . Is this … the result of explicit and implicit discussions made with families ? … On what basis are these decisions being made ? Do they derive from the power of men over women in the domestic arena and/or the labour market , or do they reflect the wishes of the carers themselves , or the assumptions about sex roles embedded in social policies or the ideology of sex-role stereotyping and prevailing ideas of women 's proper place …
we [stay] ignorant as to the basis of this consistent and apparently universal outcome ( that wives and mothers spend a great deal more time tending than their husbands ) . is this … the result of explicit and implicit discussions made with families ? … on what basis are these decisions being made ? do they derive from the power of men over women in the domestic arena and/or the labour market , or do they reflect the wishes of the carers themselves , or the assumptions about sex roles embedded in social policies or the ideology of sex-role stereotyping and prevailing ideas of women 's proper place …

Most formal carers want to allow old people to remain in their homes as long as possible .
most formal carers want to allow old people to [stay] in their homes as long as possible .

They ‘ did not remain static but became more extensive and complex over time ’ .
they ‘ did not [stay] static but became more extensive and complex over time ’ .

Senior law officers , like the Attorney General , may have to remain plain ‘ mister ’ .
senior law officers , like the attorney general , may have to [stay] plain ‘ mister ’ .

The study of social and economic aspects of early Anglo-Saxon society are still viewed as spin-offs from art-historical and technological study rather than topics worthy of treatment in their own right ; when thematic studies have been produced in recent years the themes have tended to remain based on site-types or artefacts rather than themes which may be more directly relevant to past human behaviour ( Wilson 1976a ) .
the study of social and economic aspects of early anglo-saxon society are still viewed as spin-offs from art-historical and technological study rather than topics worthy of treatment in their own right ; when thematic studies have been produced in recent years the themes have tended to [stay] based on site-types or artefacts rather than themes which may be more directly relevant to past human behaviour ( wilson 1976a ) .

In the absence of evidence of valuable raw materials being extracted in England at this time , both explanations remain possible .
in the absence of evidence of valuable raw materials being extracted in england at this time , both explanations [stay] possible .

Problems remain , however , because of such evidence as the weights and balances found in Kentish graves .
problems [stay] , however , because of such evidence as the weights and balances found in kentish graves .

Nevertheless , we remain largely ignorant about the manufacture of the items from such evidence as the tools that were used and industrial debris .
nevertheless , we [stay] largely ignorant about the manufacture of the items from such evidence as the tools that were used and industrial debris .

In the absence of widespread sampling of days uncertainty will remain as to whether all of the potential sources of a particular clay have been located .
in the absence of widespread sampling of days uncertainty will [stay] as to whether all of the potential sources of a particular clay have been located .

Until more work of this type is carried out , variation between brooches will remain an art-historical subject rather than carrying implications also for social and manufacturing organisation and , at the foundation , the history of technology .
until more work of this type is carried out , variation between brooches will [stay] an art-historical subject rather than carrying implications also for social and manufacturing organisation and , at the foundation , the history of technology .

Ordinary , yet extraordinary , girls and then women of the last century , who refuse — in their different ways — to remain women of no account .
ordinary , yet extraordinary , girls and then women of the last century , who refuse — in their different ways — to [stay] women of no account .

Small things to many , but at Miele excellence of design and construction ensure a kitchen whose performance will remain faultless and give pleasure for life , which has been our philosophy since we introduced major kitchen appliances at the turn of the century .
small things to many , but at miele excellence of design and construction ensure a kitchen whose performance will [stay] faultless and give pleasure for life , which has been our philosophy since we introduced major kitchen appliances at the turn of the century .

Most remain in detention without charge or trial .
most [stay] in detention without charge or trial .

Thousands of political prisoners remain imprisoned ; unfair trials and ill-treatment of prisoners are still common ; and the number of executions has risen alarmingly .
thousands of political prisoners [stay] imprisoned ; unfair trials and ill-treatment of prisoners are still common ; and the number of executions has risen alarmingly .

Scores of Roman Catholics , Protestants , Buddhists and Muslims arrested in the past two years remain in detention .
scores of roman catholics , protestants , buddhists and muslims arrested in the past two years [stay] in detention .

Political and social controls remain as relatives of political prisoners suffer administrative harassment or become destitute .
political and social controls [stay] as relatives of political prisoners suffer administrative harassment or become destitute .

In December 1991 , Dr Siraj was again brought before a military tribunal , for reasons which remain unclear , and was later transferred from Kober Prison in Khartoum North , to Shalla Prison in western Sudan .
in december 1991 , dr siraj was again brought before a military tribunal , for reasons which [stay] unclear , and was later transferred from kober prison in khartoum north , to shalla prison in western sudan .

Even cottagers were frequently obliged to sell up , and those who did not remain as labourers went off to swell the population of the new towns .
even cottagers were frequently obliged to sell up , and those who did not [stay] as labourers went off to swell the population of the new towns .

However much , therefore , we may feel with the later Romantics that Wordsworth was ‘ a political apostate ’ , his social interests will always remain as evidence of his humanity .
however much , therefore , we may feel with the later romantics that wordsworth was ‘ a political apostate ’ , his social interests will always [stay] as evidence of his humanity .

The Idiot Boy and Simon Lee , the Old Huntsman are true Lyrical Ballads , and are poems which remain alive because they continue to provoke such intense disagreement .
the idiot boy and simon lee , the old huntsman are true lyrical ballads , and are poems which [stay] alive because they continue to provoke such intense disagreement .

Further readings are more favourable ; the strange cry and the endless sobbing remain in our minds , and it seems that Alice is weeping for far more than she or her unimaginative protector can understand .
further readings are more favourable ; the strange cry and the endless sobbing [stay] in our minds , and it seems that alice is weeping for far more than she or her unimaginative protector can understand .

Beveridge 's four social evils of Want , Disease , Squalor and Ignorance must remain as much the primary targets of any party of the left today as when he first wrote about them half a century ago .
beveridge 's four social evils of want , disease , squalor and ignorance must [stay] as much the primary targets of any party of the left today as when he first wrote about them half a century ago .

If the new leadership of the Labour Party decides to put greater equality at the heart of its policies , huge questions remain to be answered about how it can achieve democratic support to bring this about .
if the new leadership of the labour party decides to put greater equality at the heart of its policies , huge questions [stay] to be answered about how it can achieve democratic support to bring this about .

They remain poor among some of India 's richest natural resources .
they [stay] poor among some of india 's richest natural resources .

As the model presents different sides of itself to the wind , it is necessary to hold on various trim offsets to remain stationary ( Fig .
as the model presents different sides of itself to the wind , it is necessary to hold on various trim offsets to [stay] stationary ( fig .

The new variable values become for forward x i j , for reverse x i j and remain at for the remaining variables .
the new variable values become for forward x i j , for reverse x i j and [stay] at for the remaining variables .

While some basic variables remain infeasible , the rule for selection of the variable to leave the basis needs modification .
while some basic variables [stay] infeasible , the rule for selection of the variable to leave the basis needs modification .

Nodes 3 and 4 remain active .
nodes 3 and 4 [stay] active .

But , even after this year 's advances , it would still require the biggest swing to Labour since 1945 to achieve it : the odds remain stacked heavily against it happening .
but , even after this year 's advances , it would still require the biggest swing to labour since 1945 to achieve it : the odds [stay] stacked heavily against it happening .

Its first act , on Tuesday , was to oblige Kinnock to remain in his post until 18 July .
its first act , on tuesday , was to oblige kinnock to [stay] in his post until 18 july .

Mr Major embodies the growing number of people who , though not mystified about their humble class origins , no longer believe they should remain , as he put it , ‘ boxed in ’ to them forever .
mr major embodies the growing number of people who , though not mystified about their humble class origins , no longer believe they should [stay] , as he put it , ‘ boxed in ’ to them forever .

‘ You can still have a wish , ’ said Zach , ‘ when you cut the cake , only you must n't talk till after you 've made it and it must remain a secret else it wo n't come true and … . ’
‘ you can still have a wish , ’ said zach , ‘ when you cut the cake , only you must n't talk till after you 've made it and it must [stay] a secret else it wo n't come true and … . ’

That they remain so wonderingly wide-eyed in a business sold on cynicism is nothing less than miraculous .
that they [stay] so wonderingly wide-eyed in a business sold on cynicism is nothing less than miraculous .

The old detractors may remain unconvinced , but taking ‘ Outernational ’ on its own merits — and leaving the past where it 's best left — this has to be the culmination of what Mackenzie has been striving for through those half-pitched albums of the late '80s .
the old detractors may [stay] unconvinced , but taking ‘ outernational ’ on its own merits — and leaving the past where it 's best left — this has to be the culmination of what mackenzie has been striving for through those half-pitched albums of the late '80s .

Why , then , does prostate disease , and particularly prostate cancer , remain such a taboo subject and receive such scant attention from health ministers , health educators and men themselves ?
why , then , does prostate disease , and particularly prostate cancer , [stay] such a taboo subject and receive such scant attention from health ministers , health educators and men themselves ?

Patients in ICUs often need to be sedated and so are unaware of the nursing care they receive , but those with Guillain-Barré syndrome usually remain alert . This allowed Peter Norrie to get one such patient 's opinion of the care provided
patients in icus often need to be sedated and so are unaware of the nursing care they receive , but those with guillain-barré syndrome usually [stay] alert . this allowed peter norrie to get one such patient 's opinion of the care provided

Now , you may wonder , along with one of my guests this week , what the point is of having Punch lunches if their proceedings remain private , but we like it that way and , besides , it means that we get some seriously filthy gossip .
now , you may wonder , along with one of my guests this week , what the point is of having punch lunches if their proceedings [stay] private , but we like it that way and , besides , it means that we get some seriously filthy gossip .

However , he is told by the wise old Skin Horse that , while some toys are destined to remain toys forever , some playthings can be magically transformed — and become Real .
however , he is told by the wise old skin horse that , while some toys are destined to [stay] toys forever , some playthings can be magically transformed — and become real .

Our loved ones will often be people we have known over many lifetimes , who have agreed to play a role which will help us to learn and grow — perhaps by recreating a childhood pattern , by rousing our hidden emotions , by challenging us to remain open , honest and loving , or by modelling qualities which we need to develop .
our loved ones will often be people we have known over many lifetimes , who have agreed to play a role which will help us to learn and grow — perhaps by recreating a childhood pattern , by rousing our hidden emotions , by challenging us to [stay] open , honest and loving , or by modelling qualities which we need to develop .

The three phone lines would remain open to take his call , and tapped .
the three phone lines would [stay] open to take his call , and tapped .

While he remained shadow home secretary , that was how matters were destined to remain .
while he remained shadow home secretary , that was how matters were destined to [stay] .

while the rest remain blissfully , and dogmatically , ignorant .
while the rest [stay] blissfully , and dogmatically , ignorant .

Some houses remain frail structures of cardboard and plywood , but most are the scenes of energetic activity : people bring loads of red-tile bricks , mix cement , fetch stone chips and sand .
some houses [stay] frail structures of cardboard and plywood , but most are the scenes of energetic activity : people bring loads of red-tile bricks , mix cement , fetch stone chips and sand .

Interest rates will , therefore , remain high and unemployment continue to rise .
interest rates will , therefore , [stay] high and unemployment continue to rise .

26 April : The Mail on Sunday comments on the calculation that the cosmos will remain habitable for 10 to the power of 76 years .
26 april : the mail on sunday comments on the calculation that the cosmos will [stay] habitable for 10 to the power of 76 years .

Her pictures remain richly evocative of natural forms and textures .
her pictures [stay] richly evocative of natural forms and textures .

We can now see that Oulton 's art has followed a wilfully individual path , avoiding too close an association with any fashionable cause , and managing to remain relevant in a trecherous time .
we can now see that oulton 's art has followed a wilfully individual path , avoiding too close an association with any fashionable cause , and managing to [stay] relevant in a trecherous time .

The remainder of the chapter begins to open up the question of what impact new technology is having on whatever jobs may remain .
the remainder of the chapter begins to open up the question of what impact new technology is having on whatever jobs may [stay] .

The question must for the moment remain open as to whether it is inevitable that the economy should move in this cyclical way as it copes with the new microelectronics technology .
the question must for the moment [stay] open as to whether it is inevitable that the economy should move in this cyclical way as it copes with the new microelectronics technology .

They agree that skill requirements are reduced as mechanisation moves through the first three stages , but part company in their interpretation of what happens in fully automated plants , Bright claiming that , because the machinery becomes virtually self-sufficient in terms of needing no worker input , such work that does remain is subject to more centralised control and closer supervision even though the tasks to be performed may have become more sophisticated .
they agree that skill requirements are reduced as mechanisation moves through the first three stages , but part company in their interpretation of what happens in fully automated plants , bright claiming that , because the machinery becomes virtually self-sufficient in terms of needing no worker input , such work that does [stay] is subject to more centralised control and closer supervision even though the tasks to be performed may have become more sophisticated .

Much has been written about this plant , but many misconceptions remain , partly because a great deal of what has been written is itself misleading .
much has been written about this plant , but many misconceptions [stay] , partly because a great deal of what has been written is itself misleading .

The Place of Safety orders were confirmed on the nine children , who would remain in care in mainland Scotland for several more weeks .
the place of safety orders were confirmed on the nine children , who would [stay] in care in mainland scotland for several more weeks .

The children were to remain where they were — wherever that was the parents were to remain in ignorance , with the children still isolated .
the children were to [stay] where they were — wherever that was the parents were to [stay] in ignorance , with the children still isolated .

Of course , such unprecedented confidence from this column no doubt presages a 150-run defeat by Zimbabwe but hopes remain high .
of course , such unprecedented confidence from this column no doubt presages a 150-run defeat by zimbabwe but hopes [stay] high .

Those who remain , generally with long service , are a dedicated lot , proud of their unique service .
those who [stay] , generally with long service , are a dedicated lot , proud of their unique service .

The sleek half-fish-half-insect-looking machine with its low snout , long canopy , slim double-tapered fuselage , squat trailing-link undercarriage and 110-degree V-tail immediately recalled memories of the shiny blue mounts of la Patrouille — though the ends of its tanks remain un-dented by the games of ‘ tap-the-tip-tank ’ which those characters played on boring transits .
the sleek half-fish-half-insect-looking machine with its low snout , long canopy , slim double-tapered fuselage , squat trailing-link undercarriage and 110-degree v-tail immediately recalled memories of the shiny blue mounts of la patrouille — though the ends of its tanks [stay] un-dented by the games of ‘ tap-the-tip-tank ’ which those characters played on boring transits .

Unless operations are severely restricted the risk , albeit small , will remain as long as low- and high-speed aircraft operate in the same lower airspace .
unless operations are severely restricted the risk , albeit small , will [stay] as long as low- and high-speed aircraft operate in the same lower airspace .

, you must remain 1,500 metres horizontally clear of cloud
, you must [stay] 1,500 metres horizontally clear of cloud

, you must remain 1,000 feet vertically clear of cloud
, you must [stay] 1,000 feet vertically clear of cloud

, visibility must be at least ten kilometres and you must remain 1,800 metres horizontally clear of cloud
, visibility must be at least ten kilometres and you must [stay] 1,800 metres horizontally clear of cloud

, if it is a left-hand circuit , overtake on the right ; if right-hand , overtake on the left i.e. always remain outside the slower aircraft
, if it is a left-hand circuit , overtake on the right ; if right-hand , overtake on the left i.e. always [stay] outside the slower aircraft

Henceforth , men and monkeys remain staunch companions .
henceforth , men and monkeys [stay] staunch companions .

The moon and man stepped up to Le-eyo together , and the god became confused , saying ‘ Man , die and remain away ; moon , die and return ’ as he sprinkled them with the reversed charms .
the moon and man stepped up to le-eyo together , and the god became confused , saying ‘ man , die and [stay] away ; moon , die and return ’ as he sprinkled them with the reversed charms .

Lizards remain sacred to these tribesmen , and death is said to result from accidentally killing one .
lizards [stay] sacred to these tribesmen , and death is said to result from accidentally killing one .

The Gibraltarians liked to drink coffee in the open air cafés and the women loved to knit — occupations new to the Madeirans but which rapidly became and remain popular pastimes .
the gibraltarians liked to drink coffee in the open air cafés and the women loved to knit — occupations new to the madeirans but which rapidly became and [stay] popular pastimes .

Among the traditional agricultural tools and implements which remain today , you can see in common use the enchada , a cross between a pick and a hoe which first came to Madeira in 1440 from the Algarve , and also a serrated sickle ( fouce ) for grass-cutting and a kind of pruning hook ( podão ) .
among the traditional agricultural tools and implements which [stay] today , you can see in common use the enchada , a cross between a pick and a hoe which first came to madeira in 1440 from the algarve , and also a serrated sickle ( fouce ) for grass-cutting and a kind of pruning hook ( podão ) .

The Monte toboggan ( carro de cesto or carro do Monte ) , unlike the bullock sledge and the hammock which now remain as exhibition pieces , is still in daily use , albeit as a tourist attraction .
the monte toboggan ( carro de cesto or carro do monte ) , unlike the bullock sledge and the hammock which now [stay] as exhibition pieces , is still in daily use , albeit as a tourist attraction .

There is a coffee bar here and women selling embroidery and woollens line the path to the viewpoint — for all that they are at a good tourist point , the prices here and at other such places around the island usually remain reasonable .
there is a coffee bar here and women selling embroidery and woollens line the path to the viewpoint — for all that they are at a good tourist point , the prices here and at other such places around the island usually [stay] reasonable .

The methods employed today remain precisely the same .
the methods employed today [stay] precisely the same .

However , there are some which remain strong .
however , there are some which [stay] strong .

The two parties remain at loggerheads on traditional issues of great principle .
the two parties [stay] at loggerheads on traditional issues of great principle .

The Liberal Democrats remain a strong contender in left-of-centre politics , perhaps more certain of their identity than the Labour Party — albeit with some shaken confidence .
the liberal democrats [stay] a strong contender in left-of-centre politics , perhaps more certain of their identity than the labour party — albeit with some shaken confidence .

The textbooks may have moved on , but it 's a fair bet that people at large remain equally unable to get their heads round the idea that ‘ mind ’ is a product of the ordinary stuff of the brain , rather than a distinct quality .
the textbooks may have moved on , but it 's a fair bet that people at large [stay] equally unable to get their heads round the idea that ‘ mind ’ is a product of the ordinary stuff of the brain , rather than a distinct quality .

For all his efforts — and those of Dr Owen — there remain as many ‘ do n't knows ’ as ever , who are moving , if at all , in the direction of the Liberal Democrats .
for all his efforts — and those of dr owen — there [stay] as many ‘ do n't knows ’ as ever , who are moving , if at all , in the direction of the liberal democrats .

Given the comparative naiveté of popular and vernacular idioms , Schoenberg 's liberation of dissonance ( ‘ enlarging the boundaries of the permissible ’ , as Debussy put it ) posed difficulties for the average listener that remain a subject of controversy .
given the comparative naiveté of popular and vernacular idioms , schoenberg 's liberation of dissonance ( ‘ enlarging the boundaries of the permissible ’ , as debussy put it ) posed difficulties for the average listener that [stay] a subject of controversy .

Whether it is quite trustworthy must remain in doubt .
whether it is quite trustworthy must [stay] in doubt .

However , the basic principles remain little changed .
however , the basic principles [stay] little changed .

Tracks like ‘ Buffalo Soldier ’ , ‘ Trench Town ’ and ‘ Rastaman Live Up ’ deserved to see release , although once again other versions of the tracks remain in the can , like the cut of ‘ Stiff Necked Fools ’ that marked current reggae rulers Steely & Clevie 's recording debut together .
tracks like ‘ buffalo soldier ’ , ‘ trench town ’ and ‘ rastaman live up ’ deserved to see release , although once again other versions of the tracks [stay] in the can , like the cut of ‘ stiff necked fools ’ that marked current reggae rulers steely & clevie 's recording debut together .

He could leave her if there was a child ; and he knew , as all his friends agreed that night , that if England went to war with Germany , Ireland might remain neutral , but they could not .
he could leave her if there was a child ; and he knew , as all his friends agreed that night , that if england went to war with germany , ireland might [stay] neutral , but they could not .

One thousand men could not enter and remain in the vicinity for any time without being discovered .
one thousand men could not enter and [stay] in the vicinity for any time without being discovered .

Once on the Scots throne , whether he would be content to remain a vassal of England , as was Balliol , was another matter ; his wife thought probably not , for whatever else he was , Patrick was no man 's puppet .
once on the scots throne , whether he would be content to [stay] a vassal of england , as was balliol , was another matter ; his wife thought probably not , for whatever else he was , patrick was no man 's puppet .

Remain obdurate and you will hang for your presumption , and many others with you .
[stay] obdurate and you will hang for your presumption , and many others with you .

Many towards the rear bolted , but they had to bolt fast indeed to remain ahead of that thundering charge ; and the river hemmed them in on their right .
many towards the rear bolted , but they had to bolt fast indeed to [stay] ahead of that thundering charge ; and the river hemmed them in on their right .

In Britain the party system made it necessary for there to be an independent corporation , since broadcasting had to remain outside political conflict .
in britain the party system made it necessary for there to be an independent corporation , since broadcasting had to [stay] outside political conflict .

At the same time unemployment has risen to new levels for the post-war years and continues to remain high .
at the same time unemployment has risen to new levels for the post-war years and continues to [stay] high .

But more disturbing that either of these has been an increase in the rate of inflation which has affected all countries and which continues to remain high in many .
but more disturbing that either of these has been an increase in the rate of inflation which has affected all countries and which continues to [stay] high in many .

Nevertheless corporations continue to remain an object of criticism .
nevertheless corporations continue to [stay] an object of criticism .

Remember , that as the carrier , you remain legally responsible for the actions of your subcontract haulier .
remember , that as the carrier , you [stay] legally responsible for the actions of your subcontract haulier .

The Trader shall be liable for the cost of unreasonable detention of any vehicle , trailer , container or sheet but the rights of the Carrier against any other person in respect thereof shall remain unaffected .
the trader shall be liable for the cost of unreasonable detention of any vehicle , trailer , container or sheet but the rights of the carrier against any other person in respect thereof shall [stay] unaffected .

It will be understood from this brief commentary that in standard form contracts the haulier should remain on his guard and not be afraid to seek professional advice , especially on insurance matters , before making a contractual commitment to a document which , naturally , affords wide protection to the contracting party responsible for drawing it up and seeks to limit the scope of protection afforded by law for the other party .
it will be understood from this brief commentary that in standard form contracts the haulier should [stay] on his guard and not be afraid to seek professional advice , especially on insurance matters , before making a contractual commitment to a document which , naturally , affords wide protection to the contracting party responsible for drawing it up and seeks to limit the scope of protection afforded by law for the other party .

That if the rent hereby reserved or any part thereof shall remain unpaid for twenty-one days after the same shall have become due ( whether formally demanded or not ) or if any covenant on the part of the Tenant herein contained shall not be performed or observed or if the Tenant shall become bankrupt or enter into any composition with his creditors it shall be lawful for the Landlord to re-enter upon the premises or any point thereof in the name of the whole and thereupon this demise shall absolutely determine .
that if the rent hereby reserved or any part thereof shall [stay] unpaid for twenty-one days after the same shall have become due ( whether formally demanded or not ) or if any covenant on the part of the tenant herein contained shall not be performed or observed or if the tenant shall become bankrupt or enter into any composition with his creditors it shall be lawful for the landlord to re-enter upon the premises or any point thereof in the name of the whole and thereupon this demise shall absolutely determine .

Islanders correctly realized that such employment as the mine would bring would be short-term , while any damage done would remain after the mining company left .
islanders correctly realized that such employment as the mine would bring would be short-term , while any damage done would [stay] after the mining company left .

As the committee sat down to meet , the call went out for women to leave the hall , and the male members of the committee to remain .
as the committee sat down to meet , the call went out for women to leave the hall , and the male members of the committee to [stay] .

The following day the Irish Times headlined the company 's intention to remain in Ireland , giving it more prominence than a Cabinet statement .
the following day the irish times headlined the company 's intention to [stay] in ireland , giving it more prominence than a cabinet statement .

On the night , he bought himself a ticket , watched Dinah from the stalls — how could she remain so cool , so competent , when her heart must be torn , as his , by reason of their separation ?
on the night , he bought himself a ticket , watched dinah from the stalls — how could she [stay] so cool , so competent , when her heart must be torn , as his , by reason of their separation ?

‘ Sir , we wish to lead them as man and wife . What good is there in preventing it , in soiling your daughter 's reputation when it could remain clear ? We can be married as soon as you give the word ; as it is , what is Dinah to do ? She belongs to me ; this is no longer her home ; but we would be on friendly terms with you if — ’
‘ sir , we wish to lead them as man and wife . what good is there in preventing it , in soiling your daughter 's reputation when it could [stay] clear ? we can be married as soon as you give the word ; as it is , what is dinah to do ? she belongs to me ; this is no longer her home ; but we would be on friendly terms with you if — ’

He should not be allowed to remain at large , particularly after this attempt to end his life .
he should not be allowed to [stay] at large , particularly after this attempt to end his life .

Dinah declined them all , saying that she preferred to remain under her father 's direction .
dinah declined them all , saying that she preferred to [stay] under her father 's direction .

Unlike his father , he would remain there for the rest of his life , without resentment , becoming in the end a partner in a somewhat unenterprising firm .
unlike his father , he would [stay] there for the rest of his life , without resentment , becoming in the end a partner in a somewhat unenterprising firm .

If allowed to remain this waste matter will eventually get trapped into pockets by fibres deep in your skin leading to the familiar spongy , dimpled skin texture known as cellulite .
if allowed to [stay] this waste matter will eventually get trapped into pockets by fibres deep in your skin leading to the familiar spongy , dimpled skin texture known as cellulite .

He concealed his identity with such success that his desire to remain hidden was probably deliberate .
he concealed his identity with such success that his desire to [stay] hidden was probably deliberate .

’ To this Tolkien could not remain immune .
’ to this tolkien could not [stay] immune .

In a way this too is made true by The Silmarillion and The Lord of the Rings combined ; for the latter predicts that some elves will refuse to leave Middle-earth , however much they may ‘ dwindle ’ , while the former shows that others remain in Valinor , once part of the Earth , though now in some mysterious way sundered from it .
in a way this too is made true by the silmarillion and the lord of the rings combined ; for the latter predicts that some elves will refuse to leave middle-earth , however much they may ‘ dwindle ’ , while the former shows that others [stay] in valinor , once part of the earth , though now in some mysterious way sundered from it .

Until the report was published , the question of the balance of Meehan 's compensation for seven years ' wrongful imprisonment was to remain in abeyance .
until the report was published , the question of the balance of meehan 's compensation for seven years ' wrongful imprisonment was to [stay] in abeyance .

If the men did n't move off , the woman visitor would have had to remain completely veiled as well as masked .
if the men did n't move off , the woman visitor would have had to [stay] completely veiled as well as masked .

So she remained in her place and someone always had to remain with her .
so she remained in her place and someone always had to [stay] with her .

‘ Yes , ’ she said and held her sheepskin in both hands as though willing some part of the past to remain in the present .
‘ yes , ’ she said and held her sheepskin in both hands as though willing some part of the past to [stay] in the present .

When a person of rank died far from home , and it was known that the funeral would therefore be delayed , embalming allowed the body to remain recognizable long enough for the relatives to make a positive identification on its arrival home .
when a person of rank died far from home , and it was known that the funeral would therefore be delayed , embalming allowed the body to [stay] recognizable long enough for the relatives to make a positive identification on its arrival home .

This new fashion for dressing a corpse was to remain in vogue for the next fifty years .
this new fashion for dressing a corpse was to [stay] in vogue for the next fifty years .

Coffins and corpses are meant to biodegrade , the acidic content of one assisting the decomposition of the other ; they are destined for burial or deposit , hidden away from the eyes of mortal man , and there it is hoped they will remain .
coffins and corpses are meant to biodegrade , the acidic content of one assisting the decomposition of the other ; they are destined for burial or deposit , hidden away from the eyes of mortal man , and there it is hoped they will [stay] .

Even if you are careful to wipe away as much of the cleanser as possible , faint traces will still remain , and this can be irritating for the skin .
even if you are careful to wipe away as much of the cleanser as possible , faint traces will still [stay] , and this can be irritating for the skin .

To make matters worse it was generally believed that the spirit of the child would remain in the body of the mother , and so for three days after the actual birth the mother had to sit by a wood and bamboo fire and sweat out the child 's spirit so that the child should be completed and the mother freed from what was now an alien spirit inside her .
to make matters worse it was generally believed that the spirit of the child would [stay] in the body of the mother , and so for three days after the actual birth the mother had to sit by a wood and bamboo fire and sweat out the child 's spirit so that the child should be completed and the mother freed from what was now an alien spirit inside her .

So prices are inflated and will remain so until there is a steady flow of imported goods .
so prices are inflated and will [stay] so until there is a steady flow of imported goods .

In general , the management attitudes , practices and procedures described in relation to the Royal Oak remain valid for the group as a whole .
in general , the management attitudes , practices and procedures described in relation to the royal oak [stay] valid for the group as a whole .

The turkish bath and the gymnasium are no longer used , though the fixtures and some of the fittings remain ; horses are no longer kept ; and the private mooring currently has no boats other than two oared dinghies used for fishing .
the turkish bath and the gymnasium are no longer used , though the fixtures and some of the fittings [stay] ; horses are no longer kept ; and the private mooring currently has no boats other than two oared dinghies used for fishing .

We are very conscious of the fact that we remain a North Western company supported by North Western customers and a North Western staff .
we are very conscious of the fact that we [stay] a north western company supported by north western customers and a north western staff .

Palatine 's general structure and current financial situation remain as detailed in the preceding case .
palatine 's general structure and current financial situation [stay] as detailed in the preceding case .

All other terms and conditions remain as in Wheeler Dealer Ltd 's announcement of 5 July 1985 .
all other terms and conditions [stay] as in wheeler dealer ltd 's announcement of 5 july 1985 .

Wanting to remain a child becomes unfeasible even to the most stupid old beard at the age of about 35 ; they eventually give up and accept they were born to be schoolteachers .
wanting to [stay] a child becomes unfeasible even to the most stupid old beard at the age of about 35 ; they eventually give up and accept they were born to be schoolteachers .

But what makes those involved remain optimistic is the number , and talent , of the performers who 've emerged in the past two years .
but what makes those involved [stay] optimistic is the number , and talent , of the performers who 've emerged in the past two years .

The old prejudices still remain though , and at the end of the day far too few people really applauded this season 's winner .
the old prejudices still [stay] though , and at the end of the day far too few people really applauded this season 's winner .

‘ It has to do with working out my relationship with my son [ Jack , aged eight , lives in London — Roth and the mother of his child have split up but remain on good terms ] .
‘ it has to do with working out my relationship with my son [ jack , aged eight , lives in london — roth and the mother of his child have split up but [stay] on good terms ] .

Then he looked up and said , ‘ Celia , you do n't want to remain at Brentwoods for ever , do you , to have our child turn to some third party for its emotional and creature comforts , to get the odd pat on the head from a parent at six o'clock of an evening ?
then he looked up and said , ‘ celia , you do n't want to [stay] at brentwoods for ever , do you , to have our child turn to some third party for its emotional and creature comforts , to get the odd pat on the head from a parent at six o'clock of an evening ?

If the birth of her child was to take place in London as had been arranged , then presumably for some weeks beforehand she would have to remain in the Harley Street flat , kicking her heels or at least suffering the kicks inside her , which she had greatly come to resent .
if the birth of her child was to take place in london as had been arranged , then presumably for some weeks beforehand she would have to [stay] in the harley street flat , kicking her heels or at least suffering the kicks inside her , which she had greatly come to resent .

Although this only added to Liza 's frustration , she could not help thinking that the wife to whom he had referred who , unaccountably , had elected to remain in Scotland helping her parents on their estate , deserved to be deceived .
although this only added to liza 's frustration , she could not help thinking that the wife to whom he had referred who , unaccountably , had elected to [stay] in scotland helping her parents on their estate , deserved to be deceived .

Today he would have liked to remain at Hillmarden for another night , but he had promised Celia he would call in at the clinic on his way back to London , knowing he had a very busy week coming which might make it impossible to see her again until the following weekend .
today he would have liked to [stay] at hillmarden for another night , but he had promised celia he would call in at the clinic on his way back to london , knowing he had a very busy week coming which might make it impossible to see her again until the following weekend .

To his credit , he had never engineered such postings and , in the early part of 1944 , he would rather have gone anywhere than remain in close proximity to Liza Tremayne .
to his credit , he had never engineered such postings and , in the early part of 1944 , he would rather have gone anywhere than [stay] in close proximity to liza tremayne .

She was to stay with her sister until Isobel decided definitely whether to remain in Tollemarche or return to England , and occasionally she became a little bored and was glad of Hank 's lively company , though to her annoyance , he treated her as if she were a ten-year-old .
she was to stay with her sister until isobel decided definitely whether to [stay] in tollemarche or return to england , and occasionally she became a little bored and was glad of hank 's lively company , though to her annoyance , he treated her as if she were a ten-year-old .

But Microsoft insists that list prices will remain high to emphasize the value of their products .
but microsoft insists that list prices will [stay] high to emphasize the value of their products .

The hardware dongle plugs into your parallel printer port ( your printer can remain attached ) and is attached to a piece of wire leading to a small silver sensor .
the hardware dongle plugs into your parallel printer port ( your printer can [stay] attached ) and is attached to a piece of wire leading to a small silver sensor .

Industry , strictly defined , can be regarded as having established itself only where production so exceeded local demand as to be aimed at a wider market , for a trade might flourish and yet remain no more than a subsidiary activity , like the leather trades of the Weald of Sussex .
industry , strictly defined , can be regarded as having established itself only where production so exceeded local demand as to be aimed at a wider market , for a trade might flourish and yet [stay] no more than a subsidiary activity , like the leather trades of the weald of sussex .

It 's cheaper to keep the whole lot and remain compatible — in the corporate environment you need all the bits and pieces on top of the kernel in any case .
it 's cheaper to keep the whole lot and [stay] compatible — in the corporate environment you need all the bits and pieces on top of the kernel in any case .

John Smith , senior vice-president , operations said that while the company 's goal was to return to profitability as soon as possible , ‘ for the remainder of 1992 we remain cautious about both revenues and profits due to the uncertainties in both the industry and worldwide economies .
john smith , senior vice-president , operations said that while the company 's goal was to return to profitability as soon as possible , ‘ for the remainder of 1992 we [stay] cautious about both revenues and profits due to the uncertainties in both the industry and worldwide economies .

In this situation , abject apologies in some respects remain complicit with the patronizing attitudes from which they attempt to disassociate themselves .
in this situation , abject apologies in some respects [stay] complicit with the patronizing attitudes from which they attempt to disassociate themselves .

Concerned to find a way to allow the other to remain as other , Levinas therefore rejects not only Hegel but Husserl , Heidegger and Sartre also , and abjures ontology altogether .
concerned to find a way to allow the other to [stay] as other , levinas therefore rejects not only hegel but husserl , heidegger and sartre also , and abjures ontology altogether .

For theory , as a form of knowledge and understanding of the spectator , is constitutively unable to let the other remain outside itself , outside its representation of the panorama which it surveys , in a state of singularity or separation .
for theory , as a form of knowledge and understanding of the spectator , is constitutively unable to let the other [stay] outside itself , outside its representation of the panorama which it surveys , in a state of singularity or separation .

To say that the other can remain absolutely other , that he enters only into the relationship of conversation , is to say that history itself , an identification of the same , can not claim to totalise the same and the other .
to say that the other can [stay] absolutely other , that he enters only into the relationship of conversation , is to say that history itself , an identification of the same , can not claim to totalise the same and the other .

For the other to remain other it must not derive its meaning from History but must instead have a separate time which differs from historical time .
for the other to [stay] other it must not derive its meaning from history but must instead have a separate time which differs from historical time .

The case of Sartre demonstrates why the assertion of ‘ history ’ against structuralism and poststructuralism must always remain problematical .
the case of sartre demonstrates why the assertion of ‘ history ’ against structuralism and poststructuralism must always [stay] problematical .

This means that science can have two histories , which constantly intertwine but never resolve , with one evaluated as positive , the other as negative and therefore silently suppressed even though it may remain determining .
this means that science can have two histories , which constantly intertwine but never resolve , with one evaluated as positive , the other as negative and therefore silently suppressed even though it may [stay] determining .

In his subsequent work , the connection between the two would remain profoundly equivocal .
in his subsequent work , the connection between the two would [stay] profoundly equivocal .

After all , if ‘ the system ’ really was bent upon the form of totalizing control that according to Foucault psychoanalysis , for example , enables , it is worth recalling that psychoanalysis has never been adopted by the state as such and that its activities remain confined to a few very limited districts in a handful of prosperous cities round the world .
after all , if ‘ the system ’ really was bent upon the form of totalizing control that according to foucault psychoanalysis , for example , enables , it is worth recalling that psychoanalysis has never been adopted by the state as such and that its activities [stay] confined to a few very limited districts in a handful of prosperous cities round the world .

They must remain ‘ methodologically agnostic ’ about non-empirical happenings ; neither God , the Holy Spirit nor Satan can be called upon as an independent variable in a sociological explanation .
they must [stay] ‘ methodologically agnostic ’ about non-empirical happenings ; neither god , the holy spirit nor satan can be called upon as an independent variable in a sociological explanation .

It is also important for the observer to try to remain as objective as possible .
it is also important for the observer to try to [stay] as objective as possible .

However , this is not to imply that the observer simply has to remain ‘ detached ’ as opposed to ‘ involved ’ .
however , this is not to imply that the observer simply has to [stay] ‘ detached ’ as opposed to ‘ involved ’ .

As long as the attitudes to women 's status and obligations and the division of labour within the family remain unchanged , it is difficult to believe that gender will be irrelevant to politics .
as long as the attitudes to women 's status and obligations and the division of labour within the family [stay] unchanged , it is difficult to believe that gender will be irrelevant to politics .

George Hurst did not remain aloof and at his insistence , a system of industrial training was begun , the inmates undertaking the manufacture of all articles of clothing , the knitting of stockings , tailoring , and shoe-making .
george hurst did not [stay] aloof and at his insistence , a system of industrial training was begun , the inmates undertaking the manufacture of all articles of clothing , the knitting of stockings , tailoring , and shoe-making .

( They were to remain in use for that purpose until the reception of casuals was finally discontinued on November 7th 1949 , when their presence was represented as a deterrent to the recruitment of nurses and a hindrance to the upgrading of what had become the North Wing of Bedford General Hospital .
( they were to [stay] in use for that purpose until the reception of casuals was finally discontinued on november 7th 1949 , when their presence was represented as a deterrent to the recruitment of nurses and a hindrance to the upgrading of what had become the north wing of bedford general hospital .

Their clothes were locked away so they had to remain in the dormitory .
their clothes were locked away so they had to [stay] in the dormitory .

The letter concludes with a homily addressed to the management : ‘ Remain human !
the letter concludes with a homily addressed to the management : ‘ [stay] human !

Structural work had to be restricted to ‘ the minimum compatible with the provision of a reasonable standard of protection for the ambulant patients and the staff not required to remain on duty ’ .
structural work had to be restricted to ‘ the minimum compatible with the provision of a reasonable standard of protection for the ambulant patients and the staff not required to [stay] on duty ’ .

These Fanatics remain hidden , carried along by their fellows , until they are ready to be pushed out towards the enemy .
these fanatics [stay] hidden , carried along by their fellows , until they are ready to be pushed out towards the enemy .

If a charging unit is suddenly confronted by emerging Fanatics , leaving Fanatics in front of the chargers and between them and their target unit , then the chargers can either remain halted or complete their charge .
if a charging unit is suddenly confronted by emerging fanatics , leaving fanatics in front of the chargers and between them and their target unit , then the chargers can either [stay] halted or complete their charge .

Otherwise the Snotlings will keep pace with their nearest neighbours , ensuring that they remain within 12″ .
otherwise the snotlings will keep pace with their nearest neighbours , ensuring that they [stay] within 12″ .

Some were taken back to the dungeons of Black Crag where they remain to this day , to the anger of Kazador .
some were taken back to the dungeons of black crag where they [stay] to this day , to the anger of kazador .

These cornerstones remain as firm in principle now as when they were laid down in 1981 , or when the blueprint was drawn in 1978 .
these cornerstones [stay] as firm in principle now as when they were laid down in 1981 , or when the blueprint was drawn in 1978 .

The conclusion reached was ‘ probably not ’ and , having affirmed a principle that ‘ as far as possible children should remain within the mainstream framework of attainment targets and programmes of study ’ ( 1988 , para 10.31 ) , acknowledges that much will rest with the teacher 's skill in developing appropriate pedagogical styles and , as ever , that more research is needed .
the conclusion reached was ‘ probably not ’ and , having affirmed a principle that ‘ as far as possible children should [stay] within the mainstream framework of attainment targets and programmes of study ’ ( 1988 , para 10.31 ) , acknowledges that much will rest with the teacher 's skill in developing appropriate pedagogical styles and , as ever , that more research is needed .

Despite these encouraging developments ( see Potts 1987 for a brief overview ) most of the aspirations of the Warnock committee in recommending the under-fives as a priority area remain unfulfilled , and there is a dearth of data on the effectiveness of integrating children with special educational needs in the pre-school years ( McGlynn and Phillips 1987 ) . The Select Committee ( 1987 ) examin-ing the working of the 1981 Education Act has this to say about the under-fives and special educational needs :
despite these encouraging developments ( see potts 1987 for a brief overview ) most of the aspirations of the warnock committee in recommending the under-fives as a priority area [stay] unfulfilled , and there is a dearth of data on the effectiveness of integrating children with special educational needs in the pre-school years ( mcglynn and phillips 1987 ) . the select committee ( 1987 ) examin-ing the working of the 1981 education act has this to say about the under-fives and special educational needs :

Literacy and numeracy remain priorities for all children in the primary school .
literacy and numeracy [stay] priorities for all children in the primary school .

For teachers to meet the range of special needs of all their children is clearly a formidable task , and without effective support of all teachers many children 's needs will remain unmet . In the face of even further diversion of financial resources for training away from special needs , can we build on what expertise we have to find economic and yet effective ways to overcome the present difficulties , to deepen all teachers ' understanding of learning and behaviour problems and of the way in which they might be resolved within the learning situation of the classroom ?
for teachers to meet the range of special needs of all their children is clearly a formidable task , and without effective support of all teachers many children 's needs will [stay] unmet . in the face of even further diversion of financial resources for training away from special needs , can we build on what expertise we have to find economic and yet effective ways to overcome the present difficulties , to deepen all teachers ' understanding of learning and behaviour problems and of the way in which they might be resolved within the learning situation of the classroom ?

However dramatically their powers and responsibilities may have been extended by the 1986 and 1988 Acts , their legal duties in this matter remain exactly as stated in section 2(5) of the 1981 Act .
however dramatically their powers and responsibilities may have been extended by the 1986 and 1988 acts , their legal duties in this matter [stay] exactly as stated in section 2(5) of the 1981 act .

So far , though , most female and male psychologists ' accounts of their class affiliations remain unwritten .
so far , though , most female and male psychologists ' accounts of their class affiliations [stay] unwritten .

These areas remain secondary to male-identified topics .
these areas [stay] secondary to male-identified topics .

But biological characteristics still seem generally less easy to change than social characteristics , and egalitarian feminists remain more interested in social than in biological explanations .
but biological characteristics still seem generally less easy to change than social characteristics , and egalitarian feminists [stay] more interested in social than in biological explanations .

think that the effects of training should be the main focus of research on gender differences in spatial abilities , but they connect this programme to ‘ a sincere wish to see what cognitive sex differences might remain if the sexes were treated without discrimination ’ ( 1986 : 1017–18 ) .
think that the effects of training should be the main focus of research on gender differences in spatial abilities , but they connect this programme to ‘ a sincere wish to see what cognitive sex differences might [stay] if the sexes were treated without discrimination ’ ( 1986 : 1017–18 ) .

Even feminist psychological theories which reject this biological concept completely , remain determined by it , since they define themselves by this rejection .
even feminist psychological theories which reject this biological concept completely , [stay] determined by it , since they define themselves by this rejection .

When traditional psychology 's negative idea of associative , ‘ intuitive ’ methods is reformulated positively , for instance , its links with dominant discourses of femininity remain unchanged .
when traditional psychology 's negative idea of associative , ‘ intuitive ’ methods is reformulated positively , for instance , its links with dominant discourses of femininity [stay] unchanged .

The unknown , unscientific , ‘ feminine ’ aspects of subjectivity remain excluded and unwritten .
the unknown , unscientific , ‘ feminine ’ aspects of subjectivity [stay] excluded and unwritten .

But these forms remain powerful within psychology .
but these forms [stay] powerful within psychology .

And that is how it would remain , until such time as the people would be free to worship in their religion and be proud of their centuries-old heritage .
and that is how it would [stay] , until such time as the people would be free to worship in their religion and be proud of their centuries-old heritage .

As she will remain until the good captain arrives .
as she will [stay] until the good captain arrives .

Pests and diseases have had innumerable volumes devoted to them , and still remain a never-ending source of trouble and worry .
pests and diseases have had innumerable volumes devoted to them , and still [stay] a never-ending source of trouble and worry .

The basic principles in deciding what to grow remain unchanged whether one is growing one , a hundred , or a thousand .
the basic principles in deciding what to grow [stay] unchanged whether one is growing one , a hundred , or a thousand .

Alarmed , they drop quickly and remain suspended at the end of fine silk-like threads .
alarmed , they drop quickly and [stay] suspended at the end of fine silk-like threads .

Whether young leaves remain soft , flabby and vulnerable for longer than they should depends largely upon growing conditions , and essentially upon the toughening effect of potash .
whether young leaves [stay] soft , flabby and vulnerable for longer than they should depends largely upon growing conditions , and essentially upon the toughening effect of potash .

The cuttings will remain in this position until the following autumn — 12 months — during which period you will need to keep an eye on them for pest and disease and , of course , include them in your routine precautionary spraying and care .
the cuttings will [stay] in this position until the following autumn — 12 months — during which period you will need to keep an eye on them for pest and disease and , of course , include them in your routine precautionary spraying and care .

However , roses are not swans , and all too often ugly ducklings remain ugly ducklings .
however , roses are not swans , and all too often ugly ducklings [stay] ugly ducklings .

If the bloom is a double or semi-double , wait until the outer petals peel open but the inner petals remain closed and covering the stigma .
if the bloom is a double or semi-double , wait until the outer petals peel open but the inner petals [stay] closed and covering the stigma .

Most of these studies have had a struggle to remain solvent , and have depended on the generosity of charitable foundations such as Nuffield and Ford , as well as finance from government agencies , often via the health services .
most of these studies have had a struggle to [stay] solvent , and have depended on the generosity of charitable foundations such as nuffield and ford , as well as finance from government agencies , often via the health services .

To do this , the researcher has to remain detached from the group at the same time as becoming a member of it .
to do this , the researcher has to [stay] detached from the group at the same time as becoming a member of it .

All researchers agree that it is important to remain inconspicuous at this stage .
all researchers agree that it is important to [stay] inconspicuous at this stage .

Or should they remain marginal figures , seen as threatening by nobody , but at the same time , therefore , not really getting to know anyone in depth ?
or should they [stay] marginal figures , seen as threatening by nobody , but at the same time , therefore , not really getting to know anyone in depth ?

They were the first to study magic and remain the greatest masters of it in the known world .
they were the first to study magic and [stay] the greatest masters of it in the known world .

Others , unable to bear the grief , swore to remain in their homeland and rebuild it to its former glory .
others , unable to bear the grief , swore to [stay] in their homeland and rebuild it to its former glory .

Barely able to remain upright , Aenarion staggered into the fray .
barely able to [stay] upright , aenarion staggered into the fray .

It seemed an gross insult to Elf pride that the Phoenix crown should remain in Dwarf hands .
it seemed an gross insult to elf pride that the phoenix crown should [stay] in dwarf hands .

Many are sent north to guard the passes and the isles , while others remain in the cities and settlements as a standing force ready to meet any threat .
many are sent north to guard the passes and the isles , while others [stay] in the cities and settlements as a standing force ready to meet any threat .

Those that remain awake are sometimes sluggish and temperamental , so their riders are reluctant to use their mounts save in times of direst need .
those that [stay] awake are sometimes sluggish and temperamental , so their riders are reluctant to use their mounts save in times of direst need .

Both tables conceal significant variations in responses between readers of ‘ quality ’ and ‘ tabloid ’ newspapers ( Table 1.3 ) : the former remain wedded to their preferred medium , using it much more extensively as a means of surveying the world in depth , whilst readers of tabloid newspapers rely more heavily on television and also tend to attach greater credibility to it as a source of news ( Table 1.4 ) .
both tables conceal significant variations in responses between readers of ‘ quality ’ and ‘ tabloid ’ newspapers ( table 1.3 ) : the former [stay] wedded to their preferred medium , using it much more extensively as a means of surveying the world in depth , whilst readers of tabloid newspapers rely more heavily on television and also tend to attach greater credibility to it as a source of news ( table 1.4 ) .

It is for these reasons that many of the relationships between media content and public perceptions remain at the level of supposition and assertion .
it is for these reasons that many of the relationships between media content and public perceptions [stay] at the level of supposition and assertion .

The capacity of the means of mass communication to convey these images of destruction and suffering can not be doubted , but there are two fundamental issues of broad political concern that remain unresolved .
the capacity of the means of mass communication to convey these images of destruction and suffering can not be doubted , but there are two fundamental issues of broad political concern that [stay] unresolved .

Their choice should always remain supreme : ‘ no one person or group , or committee , or ‘ establishment ’ can be trusted to make a superior choice ’ .
their choice should always [stay] supreme : ‘ no one person or group , or committee , or ‘ establishment ’ can be trusted to make a superior choice ’ .

This freedom — to publish , of the press , of the media — should remain intact so long as laws are not broken .
this freedom — to publish , of the press , of the media — should [stay] intact so long as laws are not broken .

So long as these remain at the centre of any newsgathering institution , then the risk of episodic and trivial coverage increases .
so long as these [stay] at the centre of any newsgathering institution , then the risk of episodic and trivial coverage increases .

The question of the sort of relations between journalists and politicians which could be considered proper was to remain of great importance in determining the changing role of the press .
the question of the sort of relations between journalists and politicians which could be considered proper was to [stay] of great importance in determining the changing role of the press .

So long as newspapers remain in awe of political authority , they are beyond criticism ; once they challenge that authority , they suffer the full force of its reaction .
so long as newspapers [stay] in awe of political authority , they are beyond criticism ; once they challenge that authority , they suffer the full force of its reaction .

Newspapers remain expensive propositions and the cost of running them until they turn in a profit is immense .
newspapers [stay] expensive propositions and the cost of running them until they turn in a profit is immense .

If you would like to continue working , arguably the easiest solution if your employer is agreeable is for you to remain where you are and to defer your pension .
if you would like to continue working , arguably the easiest solution if your employer is agreeable is for you to [stay] where you are and to defer your pension .

The Budget Planner ( pages 120–25 ) may help you to work out whether the various luxuries and plans of which nearly all of us dream could be affordable or are destined to remain as fantasies .
the budget planner ( pages 120–25 ) may help you to work out whether the various luxuries and plans of which nearly all of us dream could be affordable or are destined to [stay] as fantasies .

Members of an established company scheme at the time of the 1989 Budget , who remain in the same scheme — or who change schemes within the same group of associated employers — are not affected by the change .
members of an established company scheme at the time of the 1989 budget , who [stay] in the same scheme — or who change schemes within the same group of associated employers — are not affected by the change .

Members of an existing scheme prior to these dates who remain with the same employer should not be adversely affected by the change .
members of an existing scheme prior to these dates who [stay] with the same employer should not be adversely affected by the change .

Calculating this , however , is fraught with difficulties and early leavers are usually at a disadvantage compared with those who remain in the scheme .
calculating this , however , is fraught with difficulties and early leavers are usually at a disadvantage compared with those who [stay] in the scheme .

If , however , you are allowed to remain , you probably have three options :
if , however , you are allowed to [stay] , you probably have three options :

Maintenance arrangements existing prior to the 1988 Budget remain largely unaffected , other than that payments received by divorced or separated spouses are exempt from tax on the first £1,720 .
maintenance arrangements existing prior to the 1988 budget [stay] largely unaffected , other than that payments received by divorced or separated spouses are exempt from tax on the first £1,720 .

Transfers between husband and wife remain tax free , although any income arising from such a gift will of course be taxed .
transfers between husband and wife [stay] tax free , although any income arising from such a gift will of course be taxed .

Despite the passage of time since 1981 — their biggest billers are those of the original core who remain .
despite the passage of time since 1981 — their biggest billers are those of the original core who [stay] .

Lawyers are adamant about the need to remain independent of the state so far as licensing for practice is concerned .
lawyers are adamant about the need to [stay] independent of the state so far as licensing for practice is concerned .

Comments from several solicitors , from both large and small practice firms , suggest that there remain on the rota solicitors who have over-valued or mis-stated their criminal experience :
comments from several solicitors , from both large and small practice firms , suggest that there [stay] on the rota solicitors who have over-valued or mis-stated their criminal experience :

As you will discover in the remaining chapters , problems remain about specifying the actual functions of these modules , their degree of functional independence , and the consequences of functional independence for the integration of behaviour and consciousness .
as you will discover in the remaining chapters , problems [stay] about specifying the actual functions of these modules , their degree of functional independence , and the consequences of functional independence for the integration of behaviour and consciousness .

As a consequence , although the amount of , say , blue light reflected by the red area may have gone up , so will the amount of blue light reflected by the green area As a consequence , the ratio of blue light in the two areas will remain the same , as will the ratio of green light in the two areas and the ratio of red light .
as a consequence , although the amount of , say , blue light reflected by the red area may have gone up , so will the amount of blue light reflected by the green area as a consequence , the ratio of blue light in the two areas will [stay] the same , as will the ratio of green light in the two areas and the ratio of red light .

One drawback which will remain is the burner 's incompatibility with other types of resealable gas canisters .
one drawback which will [stay] is the burner 's incompatibility with other types of resealable gas canisters .

Further , when his influence on educated people is considered , there remain huge problems of discrimination .
further , when his influence on educated people is considered , there [stay] huge problems of discrimination .

Whatever gaps may remain , scholarly investigations have gone forward since 1880 as never before .
whatever gaps may [stay] , scholarly investigations have gone forward since 1880 as never before .

Soon this was to be entered and then only Tibet and Ethiopia would remain for a time unresponsive to European politics , ideas and technology .
soon this was to be entered and then only tibet and ethiopia would [stay] for a time unresponsive to european politics , ideas and technology .

He hoped Great Britain would support Austria-Hungary against Russia and that Germany could remain on the fence .
he hoped great britain would support austria-hungary against russia and that germany could [stay] on the fence .

Germany promised to support a Russian seizure of the Straits and to be neutral unless Russia launched an attack on Austria-Hungary ; Russia promised to remain neutral unless Germany attacked France .
germany promised to support a russian seizure of the straits and to be neutral unless russia launched an attack on austria-hungary ; russia promised to [stay] neutral unless germany attacked france .

By the same token , prices remain administered prices , also determined by planners rather than markets .
by the same token , prices [stay] administered prices , also determined by planners rather than markets .

For the future , technology transfer will remain a way of managing Soviet dilemmas , and perhaps ours , but it is not the key to our problems , nor the solution to theirs .
for the future , technology transfer will [stay] a way of managing soviet dilemmas , and perhaps ours , but it is not the key to our problems , nor the solution to theirs .

Eventual likelihood of a new equilibrium establishing itself as a new élite does and as police methods lose their novelty ; in absence of market-style reforms , balance of incentives apt to remain negative .
eventual likelihood of a new equilibrium establishing itself as a new élite does and as police methods lose their novelty ; in absence of market-style reforms , balance of incentives apt to [stay] negative .

There does remain a balance to be struck .
there does [stay] a balance to be struck .

By the same token , politically motivated trade denials ( Czechoslovakia 1968 , Poland post-1981 ) have only provided incentives to remain in the fold .
by the same token , politically motivated trade denials ( czechoslovakia 1968 , poland post-1981 ) have only provided incentives to [stay] in the fold .

We simply do not yet know enough about the capacity of learning strategies that have been discovered or perhaps remain to be discovered .
we simply do not yet know enough about the capacity of learning strategies that have been discovered or perhaps [stay] to be discovered .

Moreover , since it is able to discover the empty space , and also those spaces that would remain empty throughout stabilization changes , it possesses a type of knowledge that would be crucial to an animal looking for a pathway or for a safe space through which to move .
moreover , since it is able to discover the empty space , and also those spaces that would [stay] empty throughout stabilization changes , it possesses a type of knowledge that would be crucial to an animal looking for a pathway or for a safe space through which to move .

Although they aim to carve out an inviolable space for individualist explanation , the boundaries of this area remain unspecified ; some human behaviour , it is allowed , requires a holistic approach ; but when does individualism give way to holism and vice versa ?
although they aim to carve out an inviolable space for individualist explanation , the boundaries of this area [stay] unspecified ; some human behaviour , it is allowed , requires a holistic approach ; but when does individualism give way to holism and vice versa ?

Within the first class of évenements , for example , are the brief spans of individual lives ; within the second are economic trends and cycles lasting several generations ; and in the third , the longue durée , are factors such as population size which may remain unchanged over long periods .
within the first class of évenements , for example , are the brief spans of individual lives ; within the second are economic trends and cycles lasting several generations ; and in the third , the longue durée , are factors such as population size which may [stay] unchanged over long periods .

First , although it may be true that functional explanations of the kind he discusses remain incomplete until we understand the mechanisms which sustain them , they may nevertheless be explanatory .
first , although it may be true that functional explanations of the kind he discusses [stay] incomplete until we understand the mechanisms which sustain them , they may nevertheless be explanatory .

In particular , grazing molluscs leave characteristic erosions from a leaf edge ; birds , particularly the wood-pigeon , feed on clover and often leave characteristic beak-marks ; weevils remove circles of tissue , often leaving the upper epidermis intact ; sheep ( causing damage probably indistinguishable from that caused by rabbits ) remove whole leaves , leaving torn petioles or leave their bite marks on the leaflets that remain .
in particular , grazing molluscs leave characteristic erosions from a leaf edge ; birds , particularly the wood-pigeon , feed on clover and often leave characteristic beak-marks ; weevils remove circles of tissue , often leaving the upper epidermis intact ; sheep ( causing damage probably indistinguishable from that caused by rabbits ) remove whole leaves , leaving torn petioles or leave their bite marks on the leaflets that [stay] .

One possible explanation is that even though reproductive success probably varies more widely among males in these species , maternal rank has a stronger effect on the success of daughters since females remain in their mother 's troop and inherit her rank while sons disperse to other groups and may be unable to benefit substantially from their mother 's rank ( Altmann , 1980 ) .
one possible explanation is that even though reproductive success probably varies more widely among males in these species , maternal rank has a stronger effect on the success of daughters since females [stay] in their mother 's troop and inherit her rank while sons disperse to other groups and may be unable to benefit substantially from their mother 's rank ( altmann , 1980 ) .

Only one fertile Genestealer needed to remain alive in hiding to undo all the good work within a few decades .
only one fertile genestealer needed to [stay] alive in hiding to undo all the good work within a few decades .

‘ The Stealers must remain a secret from our multitude of worlds , save for leaders who need to know , lest confusion spreads .
‘ the stealers must [stay] a secret from our multitude of worlds , save for leaders who need to know , lest confusion spreads .

Not only would the creature regenerate severed scraps of its body into new limbs , not only would gobbets of its substance give rise to more of it , but in some fashion — through the medium of the warp — its substance could remain connected together , could still function as a unit even when slashed apart .
not only would the creature regenerate severed scraps of its body into new limbs , not only would gobbets of its substance give rise to more of it , but in some fashion — through the medium of the warp — its substance could [stay] connected together , could still function as a unit even when slashed apart .

The hydra 's psychic spores would remain dormant in human brains for untold generations , passed from parent to child .
the hydra 's psychic spores would [stay] dormant in human brains for untold generations , passed from parent to child .

Moral patients that lack self-consciousness ( babies , the severely retarded , and animals ) remain ‘ merely as a means to an end ’ .
moral patients that lack self-consciousness ( babies , the severely retarded , and animals ) [stay] ‘ merely as a means to an end ’ .

In Some cases , those where laws have been enacted , this will be justified , but for those that remain mere hopes it is no more than a persuasive figure of speech .
in some cases , those where laws have been enacted , this will be justified , but for those that [stay] mere hopes it is no more than a persuasive figure of speech .

The calves remain ‘ crated ’ until taken out for slaughter between three and four months later during which time they are fed a milk-derivative liquid diet ‘ enhanced ’ in the usual ways with vitamins , medication , and sometimes growth-promoters .
the calves [stay] ‘ crated ’ until taken out for slaughter between three and four months later during which time they are fed a milk-derivative liquid diet ‘ enhanced ’ in the usual ways with vitamins , medication , and sometimes growth-promoters .

They can not remain unaware of their fate , and intense fear is the natural and inevitable result ’ ( 1985 : 71 ) .
they can not [stay] unaware of their fate , and intense fear is the natural and inevitable result ’ ( 1985 : 71 ) .

Animals must , and can only , remain unaware of their fate since to be even possibly otherwise would involve an understanding of dying , and its implications for one 's desire to continue living .
animals must , and can only , [stay] unaware of their fate since to be even possibly otherwise would involve an understanding of dying , and its implications for one 's desire to continue living .

Pierceable gas cartridges must remain attached to the stove .
pierceable gas cartridges must [stay] attached to the stove .

You drive on to a roundabout , another driver smashes right into your rear , you are determined to remain calm .
you drive on to a roundabout , another driver smashes right into your rear , you are determined to [stay] calm .

But a more important distinction for our purposes is not so much what we are angry about , but how we get angry , how long we remain angry and what our anger response involves .
but a more important distinction for our purposes is not so much what we are angry about , but how we get angry , how long we [stay] angry and what our anger response involves .

It is true that Paul could not preach that freedom without fairly being asked how the theology works out in practice , especially where the inequalities of society , at least on the surface of things , remain unchanged .
it is true that paul could not preach that freedom without fairly being asked how the theology works out in practice , especially where the inequalities of society , at least on the surface of things , [stay] unchanged .

If a car is to remain on the road , basic checks and adjustments need to be made regularly .
if a car is to [stay] on the road , basic checks and adjustments need to be made regularly .

What did you do to let the thoughts remain or to rid yourself of them ?
what did you do to let the thoughts [stay] or to rid yourself of them ?

It 's hard to remain unaware of the overlap above though — all the while growing in stature — as the feel of the place becomes apparent .
it 's hard to [stay] unaware of the overlap above though — all the while growing in stature — as the feel of the place becomes apparent .

Yet many of these crags can remain unfrequented even on the busiest weekend .
yet many of these crags can [stay] unfrequented even on the busiest weekend .

This method therefore had to be cancelled as the time the carrier could remain at Greenock was severely limited .
this method therefore had to be cancelled as the time the carrier could [stay] at greenock was severely limited .

‘ Towards the end of the three weeks ’ period the crews will be found together in the dummy cockpits where they will remain until , suitably hooded , they are able to lay fingers on any tap or switch that the instructor may mention .
‘ towards the end of the three weeks ’ period the crews will be found together in the dummy cockpits where they will [stay] until , suitably hooded , they are able to lay fingers on any tap or switch that the instructor may mention .

Desktop publishing had enabled fulfilment of a primary educational aim of the course to integrate theory and practice but challenges remain before the commercial production of electronic ( non-print ) publications can be undertaken by students with equal facility .
desktop publishing had enabled fulfilment of a primary educational aim of the course to integrate theory and practice but challenges [stay] before the commercial production of electronic ( non-print ) publications can be undertaken by students with equal facility .

for ignoring to work parents need to learn how to avoid all contact with their child for a short period but remain completely calm and uninterested .
for ignoring to work parents need to learn how to avoid all contact with their child for a short period but [stay] completely calm and uninterested .

Time out is a very effective way of controlling aggressive behaviour but it needs to be applied at the time of the problem and the parents must remain calm and firm .
time out is a very effective way of controlling aggressive behaviour but it needs to be applied at the time of the problem and the parents must [stay] calm and firm .

But the open-door policy had to remain intact , thus overseas trading and business partners like Japan could not be unduly offended .
but the open-door policy had to [stay] intact , thus overseas trading and business partners like japan could not be unduly offended .

Fang appeared prepared to sacrifice his privileges as part of the technical intelligentsia to speak out ; otherwise , he believed ‘ education will remain a master-apprentice affair ’ ( Kelly 1987 : 134 ) .
fang appeared prepared to sacrifice his privileges as part of the technical intelligentsia to speak out ; otherwise , he believed ‘ education will [stay] a master-apprentice affair ’ ( kelly 1987 : 134 ) .

This was a vital necessity , otherwise the nation would remain backward , introverted and its people remain in a state of psychological subjugation .
this was a vital necessity , otherwise the nation would [stay] backward , introverted and its people [stay] in a state of psychological subjugation .

Returning to the universities for the new academic year in September 1988 , this objective appeared to remain unachieved .
returning to the universities for the new academic year in september 1988 , this objective appeared to [stay] unachieved .

Or the child who will not , for example , remain in bed may need to be held there .
or the child who will not , for example , [stay] in bed may need to be held there .

The mother was instructed to remain in two adjoining rooms with the child , to ignore the observer , and to avoid having visitors , telephone calls , or the television on during the observation .
the mother was instructed to [stay] in two adjoining rooms with the child , to ignore the observer , and to avoid having visitors , telephone calls , or the television on during the observation .

Luckily the valuable Swanage cliffs remain largely bolt free but , ominously , the nearly Portland area ( not featured in the guide ) has seen intensive activity by those developing sport climbs .
luckily the valuable swanage cliffs [stay] largely bolt free but , ominously , the nearly portland area ( not featured in the guide ) has seen intensive activity by those developing sport climbs .

The same situation was prevalent in England over a decade ago , and while the new breed of English walls has blossomed to state of the art types such as Newcastle 's Berghaus Wall , Scotland 's walls remain poor relatives .
the same situation was prevalent in england over a decade ago , and while the new breed of english walls has blossomed to state of the art types such as newcastle 's berghaus wall , scotland 's walls [stay] poor relatives .

While most of the snow gullies remain choked , snow conditions have generally been disappointing .
while most of the snow gullies [stay] choked , snow conditions have generally been disappointing .

Dennis was the best political administrator the British climbing world has ever had ; and we , as climbers , will remain in his debt for decades to come .
dennis was the best political administrator the british climbing world has ever had ; and we , as climbers , will [stay] in his debt for decades to come .

If any freedoms are going to remain , now is the time to take action ; physically as well as verbally .
if any freedoms are going to [stay] , now is the time to take action ; physically as well as verbally .

The most prominent orienting devices remain the symbolically defined frames of reference of social roles , which are integrated by the constant process of the individual 's or the group 's construction of his own identity in the context of the world as he or they know it .
the most prominent orienting devices [stay] the symbolically defined frames of reference of social roles , which are integrated by the constant process of the individual 's or the group 's construction of his own identity in the context of the world as he or they know it .

The real motive forces impelling him remain unknown to him ; otherwise it simply would not be an ideological process .
the real motive forces impelling him [stay] unknown to him ; otherwise it simply would not be an ideological process .

As a sociologist , what he is interested in is the knowledge of a social group and as a Marxist he is interested in the ‘ maximum potential consciousness ’ of a group or class — what it could know and still remain a coherent group .
as a sociologist , what he is interested in is the knowledge of a social group and as a marxist he is interested in the ‘ maximum potential consciousness ’ of a group or class — what it could know and still [stay] a coherent group .

Structuralist Marxism and critical theory remain committed to Marx 's analysis of the material relations of production but both are concerned to address other aspects of human social life about which Hegel had more to say than Marx .
structuralist marxism and critical theory [stay] committed to marx 's analysis of the material relations of production but both are concerned to address other aspects of human social life about which hegel had more to say than marx .

To read Barthes 's Mythologies is to make going on the London Underground an agonizing assault of messages begging to be decoded ; advertisements and dress styles proclaim loudly while faces remain blank and meaningless .
to read barthes 's mythologies is to make going on the london underground an agonizing assault of messages begging to be decoded ; advertisements and dress styles proclaim loudly while faces [stay] blank and meaningless .

With so many cables fairly close together it is easy to see why the side stitches remain as loops instead of being picked up with the latch tool at the sides of the cables .
with so many cables fairly close together it is easy to see why the side stitches [stay] as loops instead of being picked up with the latch tool at the sides of the cables .

You may know what you want to write but remain unsure about the ‘ rules ’ for getting your dialogue onto the page .
you may know what you want to write but [stay] unsure about the ‘ rules ’ for getting your dialogue onto the page .

We see our own dissatisfactions , our own pointless , unfocused longings in her and we are forced , because we are shown the terrible thing that happens to her , to question aspects of ourselves which might otherwise remain unexamined .
we see our own dissatisfactions , our own pointless , unfocused longings in her and we are forced , because we are shown the terrible thing that happens to her , to question aspects of ourselves which might otherwise [stay] unexamined .

The pair would remain in the house , and the rest go out to the fishhouse .
the pair would [stay] in the house , and the rest go out to the fishhouse .

Very similar in appearance to the Giraffe , there are three members to this species , all of which remain a much more manageable size , reaching only about 8in ( 20cm ) .
very similar in appearance to the giraffe , there are three members to this species , all of which [stay] a much more manageable size , reaching only about 8in ( 20cm ) .

Never let uneaten food remain in the system .
never let uneaten food [stay] in the system .

Among the tiny species that attract attention , the Green-Eyed Rasbora Rasbora dorsiocellata reaches only 6cm in the wild , and tends to remain smaller than this in an aquarium .
among the tiny species that attract attention , the green-eyed rasbora rasbora dorsiocellata reaches only 6cm in the wild , and tends to [stay] smaller than this in an aquarium .

Soft , peaty ‘ black ’ water , in well-planted aquariums , suitably lit , will bring out sparkling colours which would otherwise remain largely hidden .
soft , peaty ‘ black ’ water , in well-planted aquariums , suitably lit , will bring out sparkling colours which would otherwise [stay] largely hidden .

In any event , cross-references which can not be resolved will remain flagged as such so that the system is always consistent with respect to which references are navigable .
in any event , cross-references which can not be resolved will [stay] flagged as such so that the system is always consistent with respect to which references are navigable .

One reason why the ideological premises of grammar so often remain hidden is that linguists deny their existence .
one reason why the ideological premises of grammar so often [stay] hidden is that linguists deny their existence .

Our vocabulary and semantics can not remain fixed for all time , as some commentators , even today , might prefer .
our vocabulary and semantics can not [stay] fixed for all time , as some commentators , even today , might prefer .

It would have been impossible to have brought an airliner into the gallery — they must remain at the Museum 's ‘ out-station ’ at Wroughton , Wilts , but the next best thing was achieved .
it would have been impossible to have brought an airliner into the gallery — they must [stay] at the museum 's ‘ out-station ’ at wroughton , wilts , but the next best thing was achieved .

He had to return to base , but as he flew back the thought crossed his mind that if he could get refuelled quickly enough the opportunity might still remain .
he had to return to base , but as he flew back the thought crossed his mind that if he could get refuelled quickly enough the opportunity might still [stay] .

Relationships with siblings , perhaps especially for those who are childless , remain important in old age ( Wenger , 1984 ) .
relationships with siblings , perhaps especially for those who are childless , [stay] important in old age ( wenger , 1984 ) .

It has been shown that a number of older women remain ‘ active initiators ’ as in earlier life , rather than becoming ‘ passive responders ’ , even when being cared for ( Evers , 1983 ) .
it has been shown that a number of older women [stay] ‘ active initiators ’ as in earlier life , rather than becoming ‘ passive responders ’ , even when being cared for ( evers , 1983 ) .

Cultural and religious differences are likely to remain for they are about identity and belief , rather than habit .
cultural and religious differences are likely to [stay] for they are about identity and belief , rather than habit .

If the risks of allowing a person to remain at home seem too great the views of neighbours and family must be given weight , as in the case of the blind woman described in Chapter 2 .
if the risks of allowing a person to [stay] at home seem too great the views of neighbours and family must be given weight , as in the case of the blind woman described in chapter 2 .

‘ If you take Ecstasy you seem to remain rational and your normal thought processes are n't distorted .
‘ if you take ecstasy you seem to [stay] rational and your normal thought processes are n't distorted .

Former Maxwell director Larry Trachtenberg failed in his High Court bid yesterday to remain anonymous over proceedings brought by the Serious Fraud Office .
former maxwell director larry trachtenberg failed in his high court bid yesterday to [stay] anonymous over proceedings brought by the serious fraud office .

They say that without the introduction of a full-scale growth incentive public confidence will remain at rock bottom with no increase in spending .
they say that without the introduction of a full-scale growth incentive public confidence will [stay] at rock bottom with no increase in spending .

‘ If anybody thought not to attend they would be unlikely to remain ministers for long , ’ he said after hurriedly consulting Mr Major .
‘ if anybody thought not to attend they would be unlikely to [stay] ministers for long , ’ he said after hurriedly consulting mr major .

Flag Officer Sea Training is expected to be moved to Devonport in Devon but Portland 's Royal Navy air station will remain untouched .
flag officer sea training is expected to be moved to devonport in devon but portland 's royal navy air station will [stay] untouched .

Doctor editor Helena Sturridge said : ‘ GPs have had enough of being punch bags and are no longer willing to remain lumbered with patients who attack them . ’
doctor editor helena sturridge said : ‘ gps have had enough of being punch bags and are no longer willing to [stay] lumbered with patients who attack them . ’

He added : ‘ Until it is shown that the tape is genuine , we have to remain sceptical .
he added : ‘ until it is shown that the tape is genuine , we have to [stay] sceptical .

It will remain off the song sheet .
it will [stay] off the song sheet .

Nuclear Electric , a third generating company , was to be established to take control of the nuclear power stations and to remain in the public sector .
nuclear electric , a third generating company , was to be established to take control of the nuclear power stations and to [stay] in the public sector .

Mrs Thatcher pledged that the relief would remain for as long as she was Prime Minister and the opposition parties appear unwilling to commit themselves to abolishing it .
mrs thatcher pledged that the relief would [stay] for as long as she was prime minister and the opposition parties appear unwilling to commit themselves to abolishing it .

Others who have had the misfortune to witness the headless apparition wish to remain anonymous .
others who have had the misfortune to witness the headless apparition wish to [stay] anonymous .

When the constable called , he left his bicycle leaning against the signalbox wall and it screeched a little way along the wall before coming to a rest ; the sound was to remain in Mr Daubney 's memory for reasons that will be revealed .
when the constable called , he left his bicycle leaning against the signalbox wall and it screeched a little way along the wall before coming to a rest ; the sound was to [stay] in mr daubney 's memory for reasons that will be revealed .

The details remain secret until all the patents are sewn up .
the details [stay] secret until all the patents are sewn up .

But with Jack a hunted man , she had to remain strong , certain .
but with jack a hunted man , she had to [stay] strong , certain .

He said aloud , ‘ rom all the somewhat diffuse information , indeed , from the paucity of information — ’ he glanced at Cowley as he said this , ‘ that has been made available to me , one thing does remain clear .
he said aloud , ‘ rom all the somewhat diffuse information , indeed , from the paucity of information — ’ he glanced at cowley as he said this , ‘ that has been made available to me , one thing does [stay] clear .

Frain to remain
frain to [stay]

Milan remain two points clear of Torino , who beat Lazio in Rome 2–1 thanks to an 88th-minute own goal by Angelo Gregucci .
milan [stay] two points clear of torino , who beat lazio in rome 2–1 thanks to an 88th-minute own goal by angelo gregucci .

Britain 's most famous ticket-broker said he will defy all his critics and remain as chairman , and claimed his problems were down to the media .
britain 's most famous ticket-broker said he will defy all his critics and [stay] as chairman , and claimed his problems were down to the media .

Some Leeds players are sorry to see Cantona go , but remain confident of doing well without him .
some leeds players are sorry to see cantona go , but [stay] confident of doing well without him .

The bone has failed to knit properly and his hand must remain in plaster .
the bone has failed to knit properly and his hand must [stay] in plaster .

Until he had a breakthrough , Nadirpur would have to remain in hiding — and Tom Wilmot 's wife would have sleepless nights not knowing whether her husband were alive or dead .
until he had a breakthrough , nadirpur would have to [stay] in hiding — and tom wilmot 's wife would have sleepless nights not knowing whether her husband were alive or dead .

‘ You see , from now on our demands are that your wife and child remain unharmed and are eventually released unharmed .
‘ you see , from now on our demands are that your wife and child [stay] unharmed and are eventually released unharmed .

The Eleven-plus , like all crises , threatened the pattern of family relationships , and all the family could do in order to maintain equilibrium was to ensure that each member remain entrenched in or return to his or her habitual role .
the eleven-plus , like all crises , threatened the pattern of family relationships , and all the family could do in order to maintain equilibrium was to ensure that each member [stay] entrenched in or return to his or her habitual role .

‘ When she does her buttock squeezes she lifts the whole of her back off the floor , but the back should remain flat on the floor .
‘ when she does her buttock squeezes she lifts the whole of her back off the floor , but the back should [stay] flat on the floor .

John Major looks set to remain on his perch — although he is by no means secure .
john major looks set to [stay] on his perch — although he is by no means secure .

The solution lies within the Tory Party , which will remain in power for another four years and so has a duty to revive and spur the nation towards the next millenium .
the solution lies within the tory party , which will [stay] in power for another four years and so has a duty to revive and spur the nation towards the next millenium .

How long do they think the countryside will remain clean after they descend on it like a swarm of locusts with their cars , motorbikes and stereos ?
how long do they think the countryside will [stay] clean after they descend on it like a swarm of locusts with their cars , motorbikes and stereos ?

Only Chingachook , the last of the Mohicans ( Russell Means ) , his natural son Uncas ( Eric Schweig ) and his adopted son Hawkeye , ( Day-Lewis ) remain resolutely unpartisan .
only chingachook , the last of the mohicans ( russell means ) , his natural son uncas ( eric schweig ) and his adopted son hawkeye , ( day-lewis ) [stay] resolutely unpartisan .

As a result , she has taken a calculated decision to ensure that the royal grandchildren remain — whatever the cost — under her influence .
as a result , she has taken a calculated decision to ensure that the royal grandchildren [stay] — whatever the cost — under her influence .

How could anyone say that , in those circumstances , they had to remain secret ?
how could anyone say that , in those circumstances , they had to [stay] secret ?

Staff from his department would remain at their present headquarters near the House of Commons for the next three years .
staff from his department would [stay] at their present headquarters near the house of commons for the next three years .

When these feelings are internalized , ageing people too readily believe that they are what they are , and they are likely to remain that way .
when these feelings are internalized , ageing people too readily believe that they are what they are , and they are likely to [stay] that way .

Similarly , children often remain unaware of their debt to parents until too late , and then spend many years regretting their failure to show their gratitude when they were alive .
similarly , children often [stay] unaware of their debt to parents until too late , and then spend many years regretting their failure to show their gratitude when they were alive .

It produces a state of homeostasis , a mechanism which enables a system to remain in a stable state through time .
it produces a state of homeostasis , a mechanism which enables a system to [stay] in a stable state through time .

These problems , and those which surround the major role-reversal , frequently remain unconsidered and undiscussed within families , thereby enabling problems to grow until they reach the stage of ‘ granny bashing ’ or ‘ granny dumping ’ when care is withdrawn , and even family breakdown occurs .
these problems , and those which surround the major role-reversal , frequently [stay] unconsidered and undiscussed within families , thereby enabling problems to grow until they reach the stage of ‘ granny bashing ’ or ‘ granny dumping ’ when care is withdrawn , and even family breakdown occurs .

The perception of change and development within families can also be affected by problems associated with ageist attitudes , particularly , when younger family members make the assumption that because their parents are growing older they , and the problems which surround their care , will remain forever unchanging ( except by getting worse ) and unchangeable .
the perception of change and development within families can also be affected by problems associated with ageist attitudes , particularly , when younger family members make the assumption that because their parents are growing older they , and the problems which surround their care , will [stay] forever unchanging ( except by getting worse ) and unchangeable .

And although such scripts are potentially modifiable , they more usually remain essentially intact throughout a lifetime .
and although such scripts are potentially modifiable , they more usually [stay] essentially intact throughout a lifetime .

Sex can therefore remain a personal need , but the difficulties of fulfilling that need can lead to the acceptance of dominant ideas about the unacceptability of sex in old age .
sex can therefore [stay] a personal need , but the difficulties of fulfilling that need can lead to the acceptance of dominant ideas about the unacceptability of sex in old age .

If older people can maintain reasonable social involvement , with satisfying contacts with other people , the quality of their life-styles can remain as fulfilling as at any other stage of their lives .
if older people can maintain reasonable social involvement , with satisfying contacts with other people , the quality of their life-styles can [stay] as fulfilling as at any other stage of their lives .

When she had protested to Lord Wardley , who was chief billeting officer for that part of Northumberland , he had referred her to a minion who , in turn , had taken great pleasure in pointing out that she could , if she preferred , have some evacuees from Gateshead but , either way , her spare room could not remain empty when everyone was required to make a war effort .
when she had protested to lord wardley , who was chief billeting officer for that part of northumberland , he had referred her to a minion who , in turn , had taken great pleasure in pointing out that she could , if she preferred , have some evacuees from gateshead but , either way , her spare room could not [stay] empty when everyone was required to make a war effort .

Although the coupled uptake of sodium ions and chloride ions is inhibited by the toxins , coupled uptake of sodium ions and glucose has been shown to remain fully operative .
although the coupled uptake of sodium ions and chloride ions is inhibited by the toxins , coupled uptake of sodium ions and glucose has been shown to [stay] fully operative .

So Vi called them her last-day-of-peace roses and vowed they would remain there until the war was over , even if it lasted four years , like the last one had done .
so vi called them her last-day-of-peace roses and vowed they would [stay] there until the war was over , even if it lasted four years , like the last one had done .

There was nothing to check in the front parlour ; hardly anything to say goodbye to , for the room was empty of furniture and must remain that way until the shops would once again have chairs and sofas and rugs and curtains to sell .
there was nothing to check in the front parlour ; hardly anything to say goodbye to , for the room was empty of furniture and must [stay] that way until the shops would once again have chairs and sofas and rugs and curtains to sell .

Now , they smiled , standing with fingers entwined , bodies touching , and even when he left her the smile would remain and she would save her tears until his train was out of sight , trying not to think of the brave goodbye that might be their last .
now , they smiled , standing with fingers entwined , bodies touching , and even when he left her the smile would [stay] and she would save her tears until his train was out of sight , trying not to think of the brave goodbye that might be their last .

Most of the water vapour emerging from Venus s early volcanoes would therefore remain in the planet s atmosphere , in the form of clouds .
most of the water vapour emerging from venus s early volcanoes would therefore [stay] in the planet s atmosphere , in the form of clouds .

The precise circumstances of the birth of the Universe , perhaps some 15 billion years ago , are still a mystery — and are likely to remain so for many years .
the precise circumstances of the birth of the universe , perhaps some 15 billion years ago , are still a mystery — and are likely to [stay] so for many years .

We may shun involvement with other people because it threatens our identity , and so we remain aloof .
we may shun involvement with other people because it threatens our identity , and so we [stay] aloof .

Very few of us remain confident of our personal power in every situation and with every sort of person .
very few of us [stay] confident of our personal power in every situation and with every sort of person .

Conversation analysis and skills training remain largely therapeutic and academic concerns .
conversation analysis and skills training [stay] largely therapeutic and academic concerns .

As adults , too , we remain familiar to these responses when we talk to others .
as adults , too , we [stay] familiar to these responses when we talk to others .

For instance , many grasses remain much thicker than most pressed flowers , and very interesting pictures can be created with different layers and textures , perhaps only with leaves and grasses , and therefore with no need for flowers .
for instance , many grasses [stay] much thicker than most pressed flowers , and very interesting pictures can be created with different layers and textures , perhaps only with leaves and grasses , and therefore with no need for flowers .

This is because pressed flowers need to remain under pressure at all times , and if left uncovered for too long , they will begin to curl up , thereby ruining your picture .
this is because pressed flowers need to [stay] under pressure at all times , and if left uncovered for too long , they will begin to curl up , thereby ruining your picture .

As little wiring as possible should be used , because every time a wire is pushed through a rose petal , for example , it leaves two small marks that remain even when the petal has been pressed .
as little wiring as possible should be used , because every time a wire is pushed through a rose petal , for example , it leaves two small marks that [stay] even when the petal has been pressed .

You can use more glue than normal as the picture will not be displayed , and it is essential that the flowers should remain in their exact position .
you can use more glue than normal as the picture will not be displayed , and it is essential that the flowers should [stay] in their exact position .

He is supposed to remain impartial and not get involved in national politics .
he is supposed to [stay] impartial and not get involved in national politics .

Their style is to give information to selected journalists — in this case all the royal correspondents in Korea — making sure that they remain unnamed sources .
their style is to give information to selected journalists — in this case all the royal correspondents in korea — making sure that they [stay] unnamed sources .

The social worker , who wants to remain anonymous , is now in contact with doctors at the Maison Blanche Hospital in Paris .
the social worker , who wants to [stay] anonymous , is now in contact with doctors at the maison blanche hospital in paris .

However the judges did order that margin notes made by the so-called nymphomaniac on their genital size , sexual skills and bedroom fantasies would remain secret .
however the judges did order that margin notes made by the so-called nymphomaniac on their genital size , sexual skills and bedroom fantasies would [stay] secret .

If a motor vehicle is stationary when the accident occurs the driver must remain at the scene until he has satisfied the section .
if a motor vehicle is stationary when the accident occurs the driver must [stay] at the scene until he has satisfied the section .

‘ stop ’ apparently means to stop and remain stationary until signalled to move ;
‘ stop ’ apparently means to stop and [stay] stationary until signalled to move ;

They were very conservative in their political outlook and wanted things to remain exactly as they were under the Romans .
they were very conservative in their political outlook and wanted things to [stay] exactly as they were under the romans .

Legion wished to be a disciple but Jesus told him to remain where he was in his own district and tell all the people what … the Lord in his mercy has done for you ( Mark 5:19 ) .
legion wished to be a disciple but jesus told him to [stay] where he was in his own district and tell all the people what … the lord in his mercy has done for you ( mark 5:19 ) .

However , there do remain a number of cases where there are variations in the strength of glass whose surface is genuinely untouched .
however , there do [stay] a number of cases where there are variations in the strength of glass whose surface is genuinely untouched .

When the crystal stops growing , because it is removed from the solution , or for any other reason , these steps will remain on the surface and can often clearly be seen in the microscope .
when the crystal stops growing , because it is removed from the solution , or for any other reason , these steps will [stay] on the surface and can often clearly be seen in the microscope .

The oxygen linkages between the sugar rings remain the vulnerable links in the cellulose molecule which may reach a length of several hundred glucose units .
the oxygen linkages between the sugar rings [stay] the vulnerable links in the cellulose molecule which may reach a length of several hundred glucose units .

Rots can not flourish if the moisture content of the wood is below 18 per cent although the spores can remain alive in quite dry timber , waiting for a rainy day .
rots can not flourish if the moisture content of the wood is below 18 per cent although the spores can [stay] alive in quite dry timber , waiting for a rainy day .

‘ Because he believed that Charles just is n't going to make it — and the sovereign 's relationship with her heir has always been difficult — Prince Philip urged her to assert that she had no intention of stepping down from the throne , that she must and will remain for the duration . ’
‘ because he believed that charles just is n't going to make it — and the sovereign 's relationship with her heir has always been difficult — prince philip urged her to assert that she had no intention of stepping down from the throne , that she must and will [stay] for the duration . ’

On the plus side , the young , all-action staff are enthustiastic and remain good-natured despite the number of postcard messages they are called upon to deliver to your table — for you to follow-up your ( hopefully ) successful telephone chat .
on the plus side , the young , all-action staff are enthustiastic and [stay] good-natured despite the number of postcard messages they are called upon to deliver to your table — for you to follow-up your ( hopefully ) successful telephone chat .

However , the couple 's plans to remain resident for some time to come seem confirmed .
however , the couple 's plans to [stay] resident for some time to come seem confirmed .

The honours list simply shores up Britain 's class system guaranteeing that those with grand hereditary titles remain at the top of the heap .
the honours list simply shores up britain 's class system guaranteeing that those with grand hereditary titles [stay] at the top of the heap .

The latter part of the year looks the most promising , so remain calm earlier .
the latter part of the year looks the most promising , so [stay] calm earlier .

You may have to remain with an unsatisfactory state of affairs through most of 1993 , which means that any planned moves will prove heavy-going or much resented .
you may have to [stay] with an unsatisfactory state of affairs through most of 1993 , which means that any planned moves will prove heavy-going or much resented .

Be patient and remain strong in the knowledge that the universe knows what 's best for you .
be patient and [stay] strong in the knowledge that the universe knows what 's best for you .

How she finds it will remain a source of fascination to the country and the Press , no matter what the pontificating politicians say .
how she finds it will [stay] a source of fascination to the country and the press , no matter what the pontificating politicians say .

In the following weeks , readers were told that Diana was reconciled to the fact she would remain married to Charles , but that they would lead separate lives .
in the following weeks , readers were told that diana was reconciled to the fact she would [stay] married to charles , but that they would lead separate lives .

While the rest of the card world attempts to move on by using humour or Snoopy dogs to sell us the festive season , charity Christmas cards remain as old-fashioned , tedious and unimaginative as they have always been .
while the rest of the card world attempts to move on by using humour or snoopy dogs to sell us the festive season , charity christmas cards [stay] as old-fashioned , tedious and unimaginative as they have always been .

Accommodation in the Okavango delta in the north east and Chobe national park in the north west is strictly limited and likely to remain so .
accommodation in the okavango delta in the north east and chobe national park in the north west is strictly limited and likely to [stay] so .

It has been a year of controversy for Brady as the club has still to decide on whether to move to a new home at Cambuslang or remain at Celtic Park .
it has been a year of controversy for brady as the club has still to decide on whether to move to a new home at cambuslang or [stay] at celtic park .

But there was no indication whether she will remain with Richard Hannon .
but there was no indication whether she will [stay] with richard hannon .

Spurs had come into this match unbeaten in their previous eight matches , and although they have improved their League standing , the cup competitions remain their best hope of success .
spurs had come into this match unbeaten in their previous eight matches , and although they have improved their league standing , the cup competitions [stay] their best hope of success .

On this evidence , Andrew will have to drown in incompetence while Barnes proves he can walk on water to change the England selectors ' opinion that the Wasps stand-off must remain their No 1 decision-maker .
on this evidence , andrew will have to drown in incompetence while barnes proves he can walk on water to change the england selectors ' opinion that the wasps stand-off must [stay] their no 1 decision-maker .

On this evidence , Andrew will have to drown in incompetence while Barnes proves he can walk on water to change the England selectors ' opinion that the Wasps stand-off must remain their number one decision maker .
on this evidence , andrew will have to drown in incompetence while barnes proves he can walk on water to change the england selectors ' opinion that the wasps stand-off must [stay] their number one decision maker .

The Ulsterman has decided to remain faithful to 1991 Champion hero Morley Street , as Toby Balding 's eight-year-old clashes with Granville Again for a second time this season .
the ulsterman has decided to [stay] faithful to 1991 champion hero morley street , as toby balding 's eight-year-old clashes with granville again for a second time this season .

Lineker became incensed when Taylor went public , not only questioning whether Lineker should remain as captain , but whether his form justified a place in the side — even though he was maintaining his phenomenal strike rate .
lineker became incensed when taylor went public , not only questioning whether lineker should [stay] as captain , but whether his form justified a place in the side — even though he was maintaining his phenomenal strike rate .

As Wright is asking , yes , it does always seem to be him and until he and Arsenal manager George Graham do something to stop it being him , the ambitions of a fine talent will remain strictly limited .
as wright is asking , yes , it does always seem to be him and until he and arsenal manager george graham do something to stop it being him , the ambitions of a fine talent will [stay] strictly limited .

Whatever the pitfalls and problems ahead , Peter Osborne and Ralph Pickles remain confident about Quorn 's future , sure that this product is right for a market that cares about healthy eating .
whatever the pitfalls and problems ahead , peter osborne and ralph pickles [stay] confident about quorn 's future , sure that this product is right for a market that cares about healthy eating .

‘ Many sites will still be unknown and the public will remain at risk .
‘ many sites will still be unknown and the public will [stay] at risk .

The fuss will subside and the bandwagon will grind to a halt , but the practice will remain .
the fuss will subside and the bandwagon will grind to a halt , but the practice will [stay] .

In addition , accountancy can offer flexible working hours and training patterns that enable women to remain active in the profession despite wider family commitments .
in addition , accountancy can offer flexible working hours and training patterns that enable women to [stay] active in the profession despite wider family commitments .

The search for best practice in communications is continuing and all options , including in-company videos , remain open .
the search for best practice in communications is continuing and all options , including in-company videos , [stay] open .

What happened between the two must remain conjecture but the result — this beautifully executed painting of a vulture above — was recently presented to another chartered accountant , John Jacklin , a friend of the artist .
what happened between the two must [stay] conjecture but the result — this beautifully executed painting of a vulture above — was recently presented to another chartered accountant , john jacklin , a friend of the artist .

Westland has won part of a £1.94bn deal to make marine helicopters for Canada ; the order means the future of Westland and its workforce will remain secure for at least another decade .
westland has won part of a £1.94bn deal to make marine helicopters for canada ; the order means the future of westland and its workforce will [stay] secure for at least another decade .

Lord King will remain non-executive chairman for a year and will then become life president .
lord king will [stay] non-executive chairman for a year and will then become life president .

’ In terms of products , technology and markets , Mr Aimetti is right , but human differences of culture and language remain , and the requirements of different countries ' laws still lag far behind what the pan-European company needs .
’ in terms of products , technology and markets , mr aimetti is right , but human differences of culture and language [stay] , and the requirements of different countries ' laws still lag far behind what the pan-european company needs .

So even if you are convinced that interest rates are going to drop further and remain low for the foreseeable future , you need to be alert to find a good bargain .
so even if you are convinced that interest rates are going to drop further and [stay] low for the foreseeable future , you need to be alert to find a good bargain .

As European financial controller Ton Canta says : ‘ We felt confident that this was a company that would remain committed to its products well into the future ’ .
as european financial controller ton canta says : ‘ we felt confident that this was a company that would [stay] committed to its products well into the future ’ .

Nevertheless , many companies remain reluctant to hand over such a crucial part of their business — involving cash flow and relations with customers — to an outside organisation .
nevertheless , many companies [stay] reluctant to hand over such a crucial part of their business — involving cash flow and relations with customers — to an outside organisation .

Nevertheless , though industrial and commercial companies remain in financial deficit , it has shrunk greatly since 1990 and bank borrowing has been reduced substantially as a result ; in 1991 companies were net repayers to banks .
nevertheless , though industrial and commercial companies [stay] in financial deficit , it has shrunk greatly since 1990 and bank borrowing has been reduced substantially as a result ; in 1991 companies were net repayers to banks .

The other main factor — bankruptcy risk , will also remain a depressing influence on output and investment .
the other main factor — bankruptcy risk , will also [stay] a depressing influence on output and investment .

This will cause businesses to remain cautious borrowers , and banks cautious lenders .
this will cause businesses to [stay] cautious borrowers , and banks cautious lenders .

Because investment business is peripheral to their main activity ( and it is a condition of authorisation that it should not normally exceed 20 % of total fee income ) , many firms allow themselves to remain woefully ignorant of the regulations and of how to apply them within their own practice .
because investment business is peripheral to their main activity ( and it is a condition of authorisation that it should not normally exceed 20 % of total fee income ) , many firms allow themselves to [stay] woefully ignorant of the regulations and of how to apply them within their own practice .

The intention is that any change would be revenue-neutral , but the level at which any scale charge is set will remain a matter for the Chancellor 's judgment and will be announced annually in each Budget .
the intention is that any change would be revenue-neutral , but the level at which any scale charge is set will [stay] a matter for the chancellor 's judgment and will be announced annually in each budget .

Without going into whether the information would come from his audit file or the client 's file , the Institute has a stated policy that it will not put pressure on the incumbent auditor/adviser to supply information to a successor while fees remain outstanding — though the incumbent should be prepared to demonstrate that he is taking active steps to collect the outstanding fee including , if necessary , a writ or summons .
without going into whether the information would come from his audit file or the client 's file , the institute has a stated policy that it will not put pressure on the incumbent auditor/adviser to supply information to a successor while fees [stay] outstanding — though the incumbent should be prepared to demonstrate that he is taking active steps to collect the outstanding fee including , if necessary , a writ or summons .

Parts of such spiral structures , once formed , remain incapable of change .
parts of such spiral structures , once formed , [stay] incapable of change .

‘ It claims that we first select a particular task that we wish to carry out , and then select the appropriate machine which will enable us to perform this task . Although the choice of task may , according to this notion , be consciously or unconsciously determined by political factors , the subsequent choice of machine or technique to achieve the task is claimed to remain a politically neutral technical task ’
‘ it claims that we first select a particular task that we wish to carry out , and then select the appropriate machine which will enable us to perform this task . although the choice of task may , according to this notion , be consciously or unconsciously determined by political factors , the subsequent choice of machine or technique to achieve the task is claimed to [stay] a politically neutral technical task ’

This is reminiscent of the hypothetical primal horde where the tribal father kept the women to himself and allowed the sons to remain in the family on sufferance ’
this is reminiscent of the hypothetical primal horde where the tribal father kept the women to himself and allowed the sons to [stay] in the family on sufferance ’

‘ Our affluent workers remain , in spite of their affluence , men who live by selling their labour power to their employers in return for wages ; and , in all probability they will still be so at the end of their working days .
‘ our affluent workers [stay] , in spite of their affluence , men who live by selling their labour power to their employers in return for wages ; and , in all probability they will still be so at the end of their working days .

Men were often punished or dismissed for failing to remain alert while on duty .
men were often punished or dismissed for failing to [stay] alert while on duty .

Though a particular district might remain untouched for years at a time , there was always disease somewhere on the island .
though a particular district might [stay] untouched for years at a time , there was always disease somewhere on the island .

True egoism , as we have described it , is conceivable only under conditions of conflict in which only the pre-human ends remain .
true egoism , as we have described it , is conceivable only under conditions of conflict in which only the pre-human ends [stay] .

The sciences were at one time supposed to generalize from observations by a logical operation called induction , claimed to free them from dependence on the merely analogical thinking which prevailed in the mediaeval proto-sciences , and which regrettably remain for the time being indispensable in dealing with everyday problems .
the sciences were at one time supposed to generalize from observations by a logical operation called induction , claimed to free them from dependence on the merely analogical thinking which prevailed in the mediaeval proto-sciences , and which regrettably [stay] for the time being indispensable in dealing with everyday problems .

( c ) South Metropolitan cars must not remain unnecessarily on Corporation tracks .
( c ) south metropolitan cars must not [stay] unnecessarily on corporation tracks .

In the same month it was announced that the abandonment of the trams would take place over two years , in stages , by groups of routes working from West to East , so that Charlton Works and the nearby tram graveyard at Penhall Road could remain open until the last stage .
in the same month it was announced that the abandonment of the trams would take place over two years , in stages , by groups of routes working from west to east , so that charlton works and the nearby tram graveyard at penhall road could [stay] open until the last stage .

The current laws on all kicking should remain except that any ball caught on the full from kick in general play can be returned directly into touch with the line-out at the point where the ball goes out of play — e.g .
the current laws on all kicking should [stay] except that any ball caught on the full from kick in general play can be returned directly into touch with the line-out at the point where the ball goes out of play — e.g .

Most firms remain unconvinced by anything except the perception of independence argument .
most firms [stay] unconvinced by anything except the perception of independence argument .

If discounts remain at around 14.5 % , then asset outperformance will translate directly into price outperformance .
if discounts [stay] at around 14.5 % , then asset outperformance will translate directly into price outperformance .

The Committee will remain in being to monitor the progress of compliance until 1995 , when a new body will be launched , perhaps with a much wider brief .
the committee will [stay] in being to monitor the progress of compliance until 1995 , when a new body will be launched , perhaps with a much wider brief .

If a person is faced with prosecution , he is entitled to remain silent and to avoid cross-examination .
if a person is faced with prosecution , he is entitled to [stay] silent and to avoid cross-examination .

Business property relief reduces the value of business assets for inheritance tax purposes by either 100 % or 50 % depending on the type of asset or the beneficial interest , and any tax payable can usually be paid by annual interest-free instalments over 10 years while the assets remain unsold .
business property relief reduces the value of business assets for inheritance tax purposes by either 100 % or 50 % depending on the type of asset or the beneficial interest , and any tax payable can usually be paid by annual interest-free instalments over 10 years while the assets [stay] unsold .

Another method of subordination is a prohibition on repayment of the debt whilst other creditors remain unpaid .
another method of subordination is a prohibition on repayment of the debt whilst other creditors [stay] unpaid .

That 's not to suggest there are any major defects with the shoe , merely that some of the vestiges of the past , which turned many runners off the brand , do still remain .
that 's not to suggest there are any major defects with the shoe , merely that some of the vestiges of the past , which turned many runners off the brand , do still [stay] .

She knew already that to think like a servant was the surest way to remain one — something she was determined not to do .
she knew already that to think like a servant was the surest way to [stay] one — something she was determined not to do .

But now , since no-one else inhabited this early world of hers , she would allow it to remain .
but now , since no-one else inhabited this early world of hers , she would allow it to [stay] .

Certainly in Britain 's case , the economic conditions remain the worst since the last war , with over three million people out of work .
certainly in britain 's case , the economic conditions [stay] the worst since the last war , with over three million people out of work .

Under strong light it will produce many floating leaves , while under good moderate light most of the leaves will remain submerged .
under strong light it will produce many floating leaves , while under good moderate light most of the leaves will [stay] submerged .

Though it may survive with acid-loving species , it will remain impoverished .
though it may survive with acid-loving species , it will [stay] impoverished .

‘ Do you think Father would remain indifferent and make objections — near a cradle ?
‘ do you think father would [stay] indifferent and make objections — near a cradle ?

If you are limited to a three-lamp set-up , your subjects have to remain within a fairly small area , otherwise the lighting becomes unbalanced and the performers may even stray into unlit areas .
if you are limited to a three-lamp set-up , your subjects have to [stay] within a fairly small area , otherwise the lighting becomes unbalanced and the performers may even stray into unlit areas .

Yet even if all its recommendations were implemented , the gap would still remain .
yet even if all its recommendations were implemented , the gap would still [stay] .

‘ Cider is a good area at the moment , ’ says co-author Philip Shaw , ‘ and is likely to remain so for some time .
‘ cider is a good area at the moment , ’ says co-author philip shaw , ‘ and is likely to [stay] so for some time .

Although survey data continues to point to a substantial majority of young people aspiring to home ownership , they are likely to remain outside the property market all the time prices continue to decline .
although survey data continues to point to a substantial majority of young people aspiring to home ownership , they are likely to [stay] outside the property market all the time prices continue to decline .

Other types of bait , such as maggots and lug worms , remain standard-rated .
other types of bait , such as maggots and lug worms , [stay] standard-rated .

The Pru , it seems , is destined to remain in the headlines — Mr Newmarch 's views on self-regulation hit the papers soon after the accruals announcement .
the pru , it seems , is destined to [stay] in the headlines — mr newmarch 's views on self-regulation hit the papers soon after the accruals announcement .

All that is fine , but in the process howlers have been made and hang-ups remain .
all that is fine , but in the process howlers have been made and hang-ups [stay] .

‘ Sentiment seems to be swinging in favour of these markets , but we remain cautious .
‘ sentiment seems to be swinging in favour of these markets , but we [stay] cautious .

But he adds : ‘ We would expect the French economy to remain relatively weak for at least the next year because its main trading partner , Germany , is itself entering what is likely to be quite a painful economic slowdown , brought about by the very high interest rates . ’
but he adds : ‘ we would expect the french economy to [stay] relatively weak for at least the next year because its main trading partner , germany , is itself entering what is likely to be quite a painful economic slowdown , brought about by the very high interest rates . ’

In the managers ' view , now is a good time to invest in European bonds as returns remain high , inflation is low , and the Bundesbank and other central banks are expected to continue to lower interest rates .
in the managers ' view , now is a good time to invest in european bonds as returns [stay] high , inflation is low , and the bundesbank and other central banks are expected to continue to lower interest rates .

However all is not gloom as in many cases the revenue reserves remain strong .
however all is not gloom as in many cases the revenue reserves [stay] strong .

Opportunities remain
opportunities [stay]

The current Regulations — The Statutory Sick Pay ( General ) Regulations 1982 and The Statutory Maternity Pay ( General ) Regulations 1986 — remain in force .
the current regulations — the statutory sick pay ( general ) regulations 1982 and the statutory maternity pay ( general ) regulations 1986 — [stay] in force .

The Board of Inland Revenue will remain responsible for preserving the privacy and confidentiality of personal information relevant to the tax affairs of individuals and businesses if information technology services transfer to a private sector organisation .
the board of inland revenue will [stay] responsible for preserving the privacy and confidentiality of personal information relevant to the tax affairs of individuals and businesses if information technology services transfer to a private sector organisation .

And his widow shall pay relief and shall remain in the said tenement undisturbed , doing the services .
and his widow shall pay relief and shall [stay] in the said tenement undisturbed , doing the services .

Occasionally , as in the case of Heighton , in Firle Park , only a few mounds remain to illustrate that once men lived and worked there .
occasionally , as in the case of heighton , in firle park , only a few mounds [stay] to illustrate that once men lived and worked there .

Exact patterns of change will remain a matter of controversy for historians , as they were for contemporaries , but what emerges from the inadequate farm records and welter of subjective comment by biased and often condescending outside observers is a marked contrast between the fortunes of a few well-organised and prosperous landowners and the general backwardness of their counterparts and tenants .
exact patterns of change will [stay] a matter of controversy for historians , as they were for contemporaries , but what emerges from the inadequate farm records and welter of subjective comment by biased and often condescending outside observers is a marked contrast between the fortunes of a few well-organised and prosperous landowners and the general backwardness of their counterparts and tenants .

‘ She is in a vegetative state and the prognosis is that she will remain in that condition for up to 25 years , ’ said Mr Hodson .
‘ she is in a vegetative state and the prognosis is that she will [stay] in that condition for up to 25 years , ’ said mr hodson .

The flights must be booked between today and midnight on New Year 's Day and tickets remain valid until the end of March .
the flights must be booked between today and midnight on new year 's day and tickets [stay] valid until the end of march .

She is expected to make a full recovery but will remain in hospital for at least two weeks .
she is expected to make a full recovery but will [stay] in hospital for at least two weeks .

Corporate affairs director Paul Dowling said : ‘ At our recent interim results we announced our determination to remain Britain 's lowest priced national superstore operator . ’
corporate affairs director paul dowling said : ‘ at our recent interim results we announced our determination to [stay] britain 's lowest priced national superstore operator . ’

Old Bailey Judge Neil Denison said the 38-year-old salesman would remain dangerous after his release .
old bailey judge neil denison said the 38-year-old salesman would [stay] dangerous after his release .

Now she no longer receives £230,000 a year from the Civil List , she is under no obligation to remain Britain 's hardest working royal .
now she no longer receives £230,000 a year from the civil list , she is under no obligation to [stay] britain 's hardest working royal .

‘ But it is vital that we remain calm .
‘ but it is vital that we [stay] calm .

He warned the exact arrangement announced yesterday will have to remain unchanged if Diana has any possibility of becoming queen .
he warned the exact arrangement announced yesterday will have to [stay] unchanged if diana has any possibility of becoming queen .

‘ Neither the Prince nor the Princess is supported by the Civil List , and this position will remain unchanged .
‘ neither the prince nor the princess is supported by the civil list , and this position will [stay] unchanged .

She chose to remain close to friends she had made as a teenager and moved in the pop and art worlds which the prince saw as ‘ frivolous ’ .
she chose to [stay] close to friends she had made as a teenager and moved in the pop and art worlds which the prince saw as ‘ frivolous ’ .

The horror of their latest outrage will always remain a sickening memory for Clinton Cards assistant Marion Bell , 25 .
the horror of their latest outrage will always [stay] a sickening memory for clinton cards assistant marion bell , 25 .

Captain Mark Phillips had been expected to remain for some time in his cottage on the estate , where he has lived since the marriage broke up three years ago .
captain mark phillips had been expected to [stay] for some time in his cottage on the estate , where he has lived since the marriage broke up three years ago .

Two key questions remain over the entire affair .
two key questions [stay] over the entire affair .

‘ They still remain chaste and celibate but they are released from the vows of poverty .
‘ they still [stay] chaste and celibate but they are released from the vows of poverty .

But because she keeps breaking down the details remain confused .
but because she keeps breaking down the details [stay] confused .

‘ The civilised world must protect them if we are to remain civilised .
‘ the civilised world must protect them if we are to [stay] civilised .

She was destined to remain a spinster , finding work as a domestic servant in — of all places — far-away Surrey .
she was destined to [stay] a spinster , finding work as a domestic servant in — of all places — far-away surrey .

They would pass into the hands of number of different owners over the years , but Charles Titford was to remain the occupier until his death in 1802 .
they would pass into the hands of number of different owners over the years , but charles titford was to [stay] the occupier until his death in 1802 .

Sarah 's sister Mary was to remain the spinster of the family , but seems to have been equally comfortably-off ; when times were hard and shops were perpetually falling vacant through lack of trade in the 1820s , Mary dodged around from one location to another like an enterprising little businesswoman .
sarah 's sister mary was to [stay] the spinster of the family , but seems to have been equally comfortably-off ; when times were hard and shops were perpetually falling vacant through lack of trade in the 1820s , mary dodged around from one location to another like an enterprising little businesswoman .

Suspicions of foul play or insurrection must remain , if only as suspicions .
suspicions of foul play or insurrection must [stay] , if only as suspicions .

That is their secret , and will remain so ; it behoves us not to pry , only to speculate in passing .
that is their secret , and will [stay] so ; it behoves us not to pry , only to speculate in passing .

Of the five Gordon Richards entered , only Clever Folly and Pat 's Jester remain .
of the five gordon richards entered , only clever folly and pat 's jester [stay] .

The Bundesbank is due to meet this morning , and the cost of borrowing is likely to remain unchanged to keep a lid on the German economy .
the bundesbank is due to meet this morning , and the cost of borrowing is likely to [stay] unchanged to keep a lid on the german economy .

Prices are likely to remain cheap , deflated by heavy government issues of new stock , for some time .
prices are likely to [stay] cheap , deflated by heavy government issues of new stock , for some time .

If the reader knows less of the writer 's world than supposed , he will have to draw on systemic knowledge to furnish the necessary clues and if this strategy fails , then the meanings remain inaccessible , the text non-negotiable .
if the reader knows less of the writer 's world than supposed , he will have to draw on systemic knowledge to furnish the necessary clues and if this strategy fails , then the meanings [stay] inaccessible , the text non-negotiable .

Lord Forte will become president and remain on the group 's board .
lord forte will become president and [stay] on the group 's board .

‘ We remain optimistic , ’ says Mr Graham , a partner with Cork Gully in Edinburgh .
‘ we [stay] optimistic , ’ says mr graham , a partner with cork gully in edinburgh .

Another newly-qualified ( also with all first-time passes ) , who wishes to remain anonymous , can back that up .
another newly-qualified ( also with all first-time passes ) , who wishes to [stay] anonymous , can back that up .

Similarly , when subletting , if the sublet part is not to remain empty for any time , a separate assessment is still prudent .
similarly , when subletting , if the sublet part is not to [stay] empty for any time , a separate assessment is still prudent .

Transport links were badly thought out and remain a problem .
transport links were badly thought out and [stay] a problem .

Unless the balance is redressed , there will be little incentive for members to remain in practice and still less for students to consider a career in the profession .
unless the balance is redressed , there will be little incentive for members to [stay] in practice and still less for students to consider a career in the profession .

An obligation to notify chargeability within 12 months of the end of the accounting period in which the loan arises will remain .
an obligation to notify chargeability within 12 months of the end of the accounting period in which the loan arises will [stay] .

No action need be taken where the allowance is to remain with the husband and whatever arrangement is chosen will apply for future tax years until the allocation is changed .
no action need be taken where the allowance is to [stay] with the husband and whatever arrangement is chosen will apply for future tax years until the allocation is changed .

She shows that there remain some examples of extensive sharing of support between mothers , daughters and sisters , although her interpretation of this is far less romantic than Young and Willmott 's .
she shows that there [stay] some examples of extensive sharing of support between mothers , daughters and sisters , although her interpretation of this is far less romantic than young and willmott 's .

Blaxter and Paterson 's more recent study , undertaken in Scotland , suggests that mothers remain an important source of advice to , and support for , young women who are concerned about health matters in relation to their own children — at least for working-class women , with whom their study was concerned .
blaxter and paterson 's more recent study , undertaken in scotland , suggests that mothers [stay] an important source of advice to , and support for , young women who are concerned about health matters in relation to their own children — at least for working-class women , with whom their study was concerned .

Without studies of that kind , which we certainly do not have , it is proper to remain agnostic on the question of whether regional variations are of any significance .
without studies of that kind , which we certainly do not have , it is proper to [stay] agnostic on the question of whether regional variations are of any significance .

The vestiges of this remain in the legal requirement that spouses should support each other financially .
the vestiges of this [stay] in the legal requirement that spouses should support each other financially .

Further , women felt a responsibility to remain locked into that system of kin support in a way not replicated for men , who were more at liberty to ‘ get better jobs , migrate , emigrate and abrogate all responsibility for parents and siblings ’ ( ibid .
further , women felt a responsibility to [stay] locked into that system of kin support in a way not replicated for men , who were more at liberty to ‘ get better jobs , migrate , emigrate and abrogate all responsibility for parents and siblings ’ ( ibid .

The tensions between protecting children and protecting the community remain unresolved in the light of the mixed messages given by the Children Act and the Criminal Justice Act 1991 .
the tensions between protecting children and protecting the community [stay] unresolved in the light of the mixed messages given by the children act and the criminal justice act 1991 .

We saw a few small birds flitting away from the roadside , but for the moment these had to remain unidentified ‘ little brown jobs ’ .
we saw a few small birds flitting away from the roadside , but for the moment these had to [stay] unidentified ‘ little brown jobs ’ .

There they will remain for most of April , at least one of the pair on guard at all times on the loch in order to ward off any attempted ‘ take-over ’ , perhaps by young pairs who have n't been able to locate a suitable breeding site .
there they will [stay] for most of april , at least one of the pair on guard at all times on the loch in order to ward off any attempted ‘ take-over ’ , perhaps by young pairs who have n't been able to locate a suitable breeding site .

What possibilities remain open ?
what possibilities [stay] open ?

The morphological gaps that , by definition , separate phyla , remain inviolate .
the morphological gaps that , by definition , separate phyla , [stay] inviolate .

We remain uninformed both about the now-extinct intermediates and the evolutionary processes that would have been responsible for the diversification of early multicellular animals into what we now perceive as distinct phyla , each with its own body plan .
we [stay] uninformed both about the now-extinct intermediates and the evolutionary processes that would have been responsible for the diversification of early multicellular animals into what we now perceive as distinct phyla , each with its own body plan .

But pitfalls remain ; for example , a putative brachiopod-like shell from the lower Cambrian of Irkutsk could be a percussion fracture formed when the drill core was broken open , a telling illustration of the difficulties sometimes incurred in interpreting problematic fossils .
but pitfalls [stay] ; for example , a putative brachiopod-like shell from the lower cambrian of irkutsk could be a percussion fracture formed when the drill core was broken open , a telling illustration of the difficulties sometimes incurred in interpreting problematic fossils .

Again , the causes of this diversification still remain a mystery , although changes in the concentration of atmospheric oxygen , trophic resources , and ecological response , especially to predation , may have all played a part .
again , the causes of this diversification still [stay] a mystery , although changes in the concentration of atmospheric oxygen , trophic resources , and ecological response , especially to predation , may have all played a part .

We have shown that fissure networks within a volcanic edifice can remain open between eruptions .
we have shown that fissure networks within a volcanic edifice can [stay] open between eruptions .

Once formed , these fractures may remain open for months or years providing low stress paths where magma may intrude passively with little seismic or ground deformation ; only gravity changes can detect the mass increase .
once formed , these fractures may [stay] open for months or years providing low stress paths where magma may intrude passively with little seismic or ground deformation ; only gravity changes can detect the mass increase .

Costs remain essentially unchanged if these forks continue to elongate isometrically , but if elongation instead proceeds by further deepening of the fork through lengthening its outer but not its central feathers , these outer feathers eventually project beyond the point of maximum continuous width even when spread .
costs [stay] essentially unchanged if these forks continue to elongate isometrically , but if elongation instead proceeds by further deepening of the fork through lengthening its outer but not its central feathers , these outer feathers eventually project beyond the point of maximum continuous width even when spread .

If the organism breeds by dividing equally into identical offspring , then the distinction between parent and offspring disappears , the intensity of selection on survival and reproduction will remain constant and individual ageing is not expected to evolve .
if the organism breeds by dividing equally into identical offspring , then the distinction between parent and offspring disappears , the intensity of selection on survival and reproduction will [stay] constant and individual ageing is not expected to evolve .

Stockbroking commissions remain fixed .
stockbroking commissions [stay] fixed .

Other top officials remain in place because they are elected in their own right , leaving as attorney-general Jim Evans , the Democrat who brought the case against Mr Hunt , and as state treasurer George Wallace Jnr , scion of his house .
other top officials [stay] in place because they are elected in their own right , leaving as attorney-general jim evans , the democrat who brought the case against mr hunt , and as state treasurer george wallace jnr , scion of his house .

That , for the time being , is likely to remain a vision .
that , for the time being , is likely to [stay] a vision .

Mr Annan 's idea is that these planners — civilians as well as military men — should not remain on their bottoms in New York but should be sent off to the field to implement the operations they planned .
mr annan 's idea is that these planners — civilians as well as military men — should not [stay] on their bottoms in new york but should be sent off to the field to implement the operations they planned .

Exactly how he intends to do this , and how such an attempt will fit into his strategy to bring inflation under control , remain a mystery .
exactly how he intends to do this , and how such an attempt will fit into his strategy to bring inflation under control , [stay] a mystery .

And although unemployment is likely to remain high for some time , many economists believe that pay settlements are influenced less by the absolute level of unemployment than by its rate of change : as unemployment starts to fall , the perceived threat to job-holders dwindles , so they push harder for pay rises .
and although unemployment is likely to [stay] high for some time , many economists believe that pay settlements are influenced less by the absolute level of unemployment than by its rate of change : as unemployment starts to fall , the perceived threat to job-holders dwindles , so they push harder for pay rises .

Without full control of the central bank , however , any attempt to control subsidised credits to industry , and hence inflation , will remain haphazard at best .
without full control of the central bank , however , any attempt to control subsidised credits to industry , and hence inflation , will [stay] haphazard at best .

And other employees — mostly those who feel threatened by the new processes — remain convinced that the rapidly installed new order will collapse into chaos .
and other employees — mostly those who feel threatened by the new processes — [stay] convinced that the rapidly installed new order will collapse into chaos .

Until they are convinced , the outflow of capital from Russia is likely to remain uncomfortably close to the level of what comes in .
until they are convinced , the outflow of capital from russia is likely to [stay] uncomfortably close to the level of what comes in .

The rules of the open European market must remain common to all .
the rules of the open european market must [stay] common to all .

But most ordinary citizens — buffeted by price rises and aware of worsening poverty in the slums — remain unimpressed .
but most ordinary citizens — buffeted by price rises and aware of worsening poverty in the slums — [stay] unimpressed .

Spaniards remain insouciant about their currency ( so often a country 's virility symbol ) partly because , during Franco 's dictatorship , the state-owned press used to spend half its time explaining why the latest devaluation was a good thing .
spaniards [stay] insouciant about their currency ( so often a country 's virility symbol ) partly because , during franco 's dictatorship , the state-owned press used to spend half its time explaining why the latest devaluation was a good thing .

But problems remain .
but problems [stay] .

The volatility of the broad share indices would remain muted .
the volatility of the broad share indices would [stay] muted .

Fine , but some questions remain to be answered .
fine , but some questions [stay] to be answered .

In comparative terms , Britain 's use of imprisonment as a sanction remains high ( Table 1.2 ) and current statistical projections on its continued use remain uniformly gloomy .
in comparative terms , britain 's use of imprisonment as a sanction remains high ( table 1.2 ) and current statistical projections on its continued use [stay] uniformly gloomy .

But the men themselves , who call it ‘ the muppet shop ’ , remain unconvinced that it really has anything to offer .
but the men themselves , who call it ‘ the muppet shop ’ , [stay] unconvinced that it really has anything to offer .

While the mentally ill remain very much part of the prison scene , the central government has recently taken action ( Juvenile Justice Act 1986 ) to exclude another group who should certainly not be incarcerated .
while the mentally ill [stay] very much part of the prison scene , the central government has recently taken action ( juvenile justice act 1986 ) to exclude another group who should certainly not be incarcerated .

Unless there are local people with the time , resources and energy to file petitions of contempt , matters are likely to remain unchanged in many parts of the country ( Dhagamwar 1987 ) .
unless there are local people with the time , resources and energy to file petitions of contempt , matters are likely to [stay] unchanged in many parts of the country ( dhagamwar 1987 ) .

Most of his contemporaries would have shrugged their shoulders and let it remain as part of the natural order of things .
most of his contemporaries would have shrugged their shoulders and let it [stay] as part of the natural order of things .

They have , so far as is possible , wished to interpret the texts within a context of earlier teaching and pre-conciliar practice , against which the Council was , to a considerable extent , deliberately reacting ; yet , as the texts even as finally formulated remain to a considerable extent a jumble deriving from different hands and including material composed substantially before the Council began , there is much in them to countenance such a viewpoint .
they have , so far as is possible , wished to interpret the texts within a context of earlier teaching and pre-conciliar practice , against which the council was , to a considerable extent , deliberately reacting ; yet , as the texts even as finally formulated [stay] to a considerable extent a jumble deriving from different hands and including material composed substantially before the council began , there is much in them to countenance such a viewpoint .

It was these two issues that would remain as seemingly irremovable areas of tension across the next twenty years .
it was these two issues that would [stay] as seemingly irremovable areas of tension across the next twenty years .

The first is that with another ten years of John Paul 's rule , the silencing of awkward bishops and theologians , the appointment to the episcopate of a most carefully selected team of neo-conservatives , a rather traditionalist form of Catholicism will , in fact , harden and remain for a long time effectively unchangeable .
the first is that with another ten years of john paul 's rule , the silencing of awkward bishops and theologians , the appointment to the episcopate of a most carefully selected team of neo-conservatives , a rather traditionalist form of catholicism will , in fact , harden and [stay] for a long time effectively unchangeable .

We were also surprised and disappointed that some of the reporting of the conference seemed to trivialise the issues in a way that is only too familiar us — these are age old techniques which help oppression remain and flourish .
we were also surprised and disappointed that some of the reporting of the conference seemed to trivialise the issues in a way that is only too familiar us — these are age old techniques which help oppression [stay] and flourish .

Despite the Children Act , there is often no partnership with parents with learning difficulties so they remain disadvantaged and may even risk losing their children . Linda Ward explains
despite the children act , there is often no partnership with parents with learning difficulties so they [stay] disadvantaged and may even risk losing their children . linda ward explains

Whatever model is adopted , the fundamental skills needed for the job will remain unaltered , according to Winter .
whatever model is adopted , the fundamental skills needed for the job will [stay] unaltered , according to winter .

And even this essential trio would not remain intact , or so he taught .
and even this essential trio would not [stay] intact , or so he taught .

But every song must still tell a story , with a chorus to define the moral , and most remain drippingly sentimental .
but every song must still tell a story , with a chorus to define the moral , and most [stay] drippingly sentimental .

Although tens of millions of dollars have changed hands in the coca markets of the Chapare , living conditions remain miserable .
although tens of millions of dollars have changed hands in the coca markets of the chapare , living conditions [stay] miserable .

Teacher-pupil ratios remain sacred .
teacher-pupil ratios [stay] sacred .

Nevertheless the odds , in the upper house , remain against one .
nevertheless the odds , in the upper house , [stay] against one .

’ Mr Bérégovoy did not leave a suicide note , so his true motives remain unknown .
’ mr bérégovoy did not leave a suicide note , so his true motives [stay] unknown .

They remain crucial to the United Left 's chances of electoral success .
they [stay] crucial to the united left 's chances of electoral success .

Although socialism looks shattered now , the voters will not remain loyal to conservatism for ever .
although socialism looks shattered now , the voters will not [stay] loyal to conservatism for ever .

New issues in Paris remain largely the preserve of French houses .
new issues in paris [stay] largely the preserve of french houses .

The charitable foundations remain their largest shareholders , however .
the charitable foundations [stay] their largest shareholders , however .

One could also argue that the Poet is using the Mistress as bait to induce the Friend to remain : this three-way relationship is as complex as that in Sartre 's Huis clos ( two women , one man ) and in some ways equally claustrophobic and degrading .
one could also argue that the poet is using the mistress as bait to induce the friend to [stay] : this three-way relationship is as complex as that in sartre 's huis clos ( two women , one man ) and in some ways equally claustrophobic and degrading .

Yet the two remain separate .
yet the two [stay] separate .

The Electricity Bill then introduced followed in broad outline the plans foreshadowed by wartime working parties on the future of the industry , and , to the relief of the industry , confirmed that it would remain independent of coal and gas , and not be part of a National Fuel and Power Board .
the electricity bill then introduced followed in broad outline the plans foreshadowed by wartime working parties on the future of the industry , and , to the relief of the industry , confirmed that it would [stay] independent of coal and gas , and not be part of a national fuel and power board .

Yet , until that capacity could be built , it seemed , power cuts in winter would remain a fact of life .
yet , until that capacity could be built , it seemed , power cuts in winter would [stay] a fact of life .

There were genuine reasons for doubting its accuracy — the issues of joint cost allocation were ( and remain ) problematical — hut the senior management response to it ( they insisted it be withdrawn even from internal circulation ) betrayed a greater devotion to the cause of suppressing criticism than it did to that of searching for the truth .
there were genuine reasons for doubting its accuracy — the issues of joint cost allocation were ( and [stay] ) problematical — hut the senior management response to it ( they insisted it be withdrawn even from internal circulation ) betrayed a greater devotion to the cause of suppressing criticism than it did to that of searching for the truth .

He has managed to remain popular and reformist — despite criticism from a vocal , if not powerful , opposition — by getting ordinary people involved .
he has managed to [stay] popular and reformist — despite criticism from a vocal , if not powerful , opposition — by getting ordinary people involved .

Property taxes in North Forest remain among the highest in the state , discouraging industrial development .
property taxes in north forest [stay] among the highest in the state , discouraging industrial development .

Drugs remain freely available , and teenage pregnancy is widespread .
drugs [stay] freely available , and teenage pregnancy is widespread .

Mr Wilson 's hopes that the new group of freshmen Democrats would remain immune to the Speaker 's charms have already been dashed ; last month they lined up behind Mr Brown to defeat a Wilson nominee for superintendent of schools .
mr wilson 's hopes that the new group of freshmen democrats would [stay] immune to the speaker 's charms have already been dashed ; last month they lined up behind mr brown to defeat a wilson nominee for superintendent of schools .

But the British remain fond of the welfare state ; they might , in the end , thank him if he made it work more fairly .
but the british [stay] fond of the welfare state ; they might , in the end , thank him if he made it work more fairly .

After five months of hearings , Russia 's parliament decided on May 18th that Sberbank should remain independent .
after five months of hearings , russia 's parliament decided on may 18th that sberbank should [stay] independent .

Local authorities remain responsible for the basic costs and the task of collecting household waste .
local authorities [stay] responsible for the basic costs and the task of collecting household waste .

Even if an effective way could be found to pass on the costs of rubbish disposal to the average household , an awkward fact would remain .
even if an effective way could be found to pass on the costs of rubbish disposal to the average household , an awkward fact would [stay] .

Even if it were , a more basic question would remain : up to what standards should a site be treated ?
even if it were , a more basic question would [stay] : up to what standards should a site be treated ?

But the Japanese remain gloomy ; there , pessimists outweigh optimists by 20 % .
but the japanese [stay] gloomy ; there , pessimists outweigh optimists by 20 % .

The fact that American long-term government bond yields remain higher than those in Germany , even though its short-term rates are less than half Germany 's , reflects the financial markets ' fears that inflation is about to flare , along with concerns about the fate of the administration 's budget-reducing package .
the fact that american long-term government bond yields [stay] higher than those in germany , even though its short-term rates are less than half germany 's , reflects the financial markets ' fears that inflation is about to flare , along with concerns about the fate of the administration 's budget-reducing package .

In other words , the bulk of its plutonium is likely to remain stashed in potentially vulnerable stockpiles for at least a decade .
in other words , the bulk of its plutonium is likely to [stay] stashed in potentially vulnerable stockpiles for at least a decade .

Yugoslavia , in short , had a right to try to remain undivided .
yugoslavia , in short , had a right to try to [stay] undivided .

Even more striking , 75 % either oppose all territorial concessions or demand an election or referendum before making any , and 69 % — with little difference between Labour and Likud voters — want all the Jewish settlements in Judea and Samaria to remain permanently under Israeli rule .
even more striking , 75 % either oppose all territorial concessions or demand an election or referendum before making any , and 69 % — with little difference between labour and likud voters — want all the jewish settlements in judea and samaria to [stay] permanently under israeli rule .

Above all , its directors remain resolutely uncommercial in their choice of exhibition and gallery subjects .
above all , its directors [stay] resolutely uncommercial in their choice of exhibition and gallery subjects .

That was shocking ; for him , the novelist 's duty was to remain invisible , inaudible , discreetly omniscient .
that was shocking ; for him , the novelist 's duty was to [stay] invisible , inaudible , discreetly omniscient .

For the time being , the 6.4m foreigners in Germany must remain second-class non-citizens .
for the time being , the 6.4m foreigners in germany must [stay] second-class non-citizens .

One reason they have not done better is that the largest and most inefficient Italian banks remain in the hands of the government , which has done its best to protect them .
one reason they have not done better is that the largest and most inefficient italian banks [stay] in the hands of the government , which has done its best to protect them .

The vulnerability of minor revenue officials to demotion or removal made it imperative for them to remain on good terms with men of influence able to mar their careers , and shortly after his clash with the provost of Inverkeithing Main made his peace with the Cunningham family .
the vulnerability of minor revenue officials to demotion or removal made it imperative for them to [stay] on good terms with men of influence able to mar their careers , and shortly after his clash with the provost of inverkeithing main made his peace with the cunningham family .

Lord George did not long remain in command of such a small vessel , however , and no sooner did he attain a more substantial command than the Duke of Montrose sent orders for the sons of the lairds of Auchenbowie and Balfunning to be sent to London with a view to joining Lord George .
lord george did not long [stay] in command of such a small vessel , however , and no sooner did he attain a more substantial command than the duke of montrose sent orders for the sons of the lairds of auchenbowie and balfunning to be sent to london with a view to joining lord george .

Those who defend the kinship bond find more acceptable a situation where , say , a child may maintain an active relationship with his [ or her ] natural parents while living with foster-parents , or may even remain in contact with them after adoption .
those who defend the kinship bond find more acceptable a situation where , say , a child may maintain an active relationship with his [ or her ] natural parents while living with foster-parents , or may even [stay] in contact with them after adoption .

The social context of transracial adoption raises several fundamental questions . First , is the best place for a child with a family ? If the answer is yes , should it be a family similar to the child 's racial and cultural origin ? If the answer is again yes and such a family is not available , should the child remain in institutional care , or should the child be placed transracially ?
the social context of transracial adoption raises several fundamental questions . first , is the best place for a child with a family ? if the answer is yes , should it be a family similar to the child 's racial and cultural origin ? if the answer is again yes and such a family is not available , should the child [stay] in institutional care , or should the child be placed transracially ?

The families can not remain within the confines of the white world without serious psychological damage to the black child :
the families can not [stay] within the confines of the white world without serious psychological damage to the black child :

Some inherent problems remain in a concept premised on the desirability of normality , in whatever sense it is interpreted .
some inherent problems [stay] in a concept premised on the desirability of normality , in whatever sense it is interpreted .

Professional roles in offering support both directly and indirectly through other helpers will remain important in facilitating this process of accessing opportunities .
professional roles in offering support both directly and indirectly through other helpers will [stay] important in facilitating this process of accessing opportunities .

The assumption tends to be made that principles of normalisation , the self-advocacy movement , and professional/client relationships will somehow remain in tune with each other .
the assumption tends to be made that principles of normalisation , the self-advocacy movement , and professional/client relationships will somehow [stay] in tune with each other .

Where the risk is considered too serious for the children to remain in their family , they have a duty to provide alternative care , in foster homes or other forms of residential care ( and there is a duty to monitor children 's safety and well-being in these situations also ) .
where the risk is considered too serious for the children to [stay] in their family , they have a duty to provide alternative care , in foster homes or other forms of residential care ( and there is a duty to monitor children 's safety and well-being in these situations also ) .

Although adolescents are not as vulnerable as young children to the effect of parental separation , contact between young people and their parents becomes less frequent the longer they remain in care ( Millham et al .
although adolescents are not as vulnerable as young children to the effect of parental separation , contact between young people and their parents becomes less frequent the longer they [stay] in care ( millham et al .

Should their personal and family relationships remain or become negligible , then they might leave residential care supplied with skills and interests which they did not have before coming into care .
should their personal and family relationships [stay] or become negligible , then they might leave residential care supplied with skills and interests which they did not have before coming into care .

For the new post-war ideology of consumption to be stimulated it was necessary for women to remain in the home , yet at the same time to enter the labour market to supplement the ‘ main income ’ to sustain the family 's purchasing power .
for the new post-war ideology of consumption to be stimulated it was necessary for women to [stay] in the home , yet at the same time to enter the labour market to supplement the ‘ main income ’ to sustain the family 's purchasing power .

At the same time we argued that private morality or immorality was a private affair and therefore that ‘ there must remain a realm of private morality or immorality which is … not the law 's business ’ .
at the same time we argued that private morality or immorality was a private affair and therefore that ‘ there must [stay] a realm of private morality or immorality which is … not the law 's business ’ .

It would remain contrary to public policy .
it would [stay] contrary to public policy .

Unless a deliberate attempt is to be made by society , acting through the agency of the law , to equate the sphere of crime with that of sin , there must remain a realm , a sphere of private morality and immorality which is , in brief and crude terms , not the law 's business .
unless a deliberate attempt is to be made by society , acting through the agency of the law , to equate the sphere of crime with that of sin , there must [stay] a realm , a sphere of private morality and immorality which is , in brief and crude terms , not the law 's business .

Recently Mr Salinas vowed that ‘ oil ownership and control will remain permanently in Mexican hands ’ .
recently mr salinas vowed that ‘ oil ownership and control will [stay] permanently in mexican hands ’ .

Muslim minorities would remain in Croat-governed provinces if the plan were carried out .
muslim minorities would [stay] in croat-governed provinces if the plan were carried out .

Even if it were true ( as some economists argue ) that exchange rates tend , over time , to equalise the prices of internationally traded goods , big differences would remain in the prices of non-traded goods and services , such as housing and domestic transport .
even if it were true ( as some economists argue ) that exchange rates tend , over time , to equalise the prices of internationally traded goods , big differences would [stay] in the prices of non-traded goods and services , such as housing and domestic transport .

The pressure — both economic and political — is now on the country 's other conglomerates , such as Anglo American-De Beers , to explain why they should remain in one piece .
the pressure — both economic and political — is now on the country 's other conglomerates , such as anglo american-de beers , to explain why they should [stay] in one piece .

To remain a mutual society was perhaps the harder choice .
to [stay] a mutual society was perhaps the harder choice .

Japanese banks and life insurers remain bearish .
japanese banks and life insurers [stay] bearish .

Japanese companies too will remain net sellers of shares .
japanese companies too will [stay] net sellers of shares .

It is one of the inequalities of the education system that the more successful you are the longer you can remain in it and thus delay independence and entry to work .
it is one of the inequalities of the education system that the more successful you are the longer you can [stay] in it and thus delay independence and entry to work .

Indeed , in many countries , one government department may be paying huge sums to enable those with disabilities to become employable and to live independently while another is paying out larger sums as long as they remain dependent and unemployable .
indeed , in many countries , one government department may be paying huge sums to enable those with disabilities to become employable and to live independently while another is paying out larger sums as long as they [stay] dependent and unemployable .

Some first impressions and , early experiences of college life remain clearly in my mind — what was this new world where the academic staff all taught , but many of them were not ‘ teachers ’ like me but engineers or nurses or painters and decorators ?
some first impressions and , early experiences of college life [stay] clearly in my mind — what was this new world where the academic staff all taught , but many of them were not ‘ teachers ’ like me but engineers or nurses or painters and decorators ?

Support staff who remain with the women worry increasingly about the lack of continuity .
support staff who [stay] with the women worry increasingly about the lack of continuity .

If , as now seems certain , that is not possible , then Flushing Meadow , where every regular tennis journalist has his own horror story to tell about the failures of the elevators which carry them to the Press Box in the sky , will remain ‘ the place we love to hate ’ .
if , as now seems certain , that is not possible , then flushing meadow , where every regular tennis journalist has his own horror story to tell about the failures of the elevators which carry them to the press box in the sky , will [stay] ‘ the place we love to hate ’ .

All the intriguing questions which were asked at the time , not least as to why she contributed , either deliberately or through naivety , to it becoming one of the sporting mysteries of the year in the first place , will have to remain unanswered .
all the intriguing questions which were asked at the time , not least as to why she contributed , either deliberately or through naivety , to it becoming one of the sporting mysteries of the year in the first place , will have to [stay] unanswered .

‘ ’ Vitally urgent you remain in closest contact with downed plane Stop will join you earliest in the morning Stop Hawkins ’ .
‘ ’ vitally urgent you [stay] in closest contact with downed plane stop will join you earliest in the morning stop hawkins ’ .

They are to remain there until further orders .
they are to [stay] there until further orders .

At the depth of a hundred feet , which is what we will be at , we could easily remain underwater for an hour without any risk of either oxygen poisoning or decompression illness .
at the depth of a hundred feet , which is what we will be at , we could easily [stay] underwater for an hour without any risk of either oxygen poisoning or decompression illness .

They remain aboard the Ariadne .
they [stay] aboard the ariadne .

The learning that can be prescribed , they say , can only at the most be a framework within which a vast amount of day-to-day scope for creativity and choice must remain .
the learning that can be prescribed , they say , can only at the most be a framework within which a vast amount of day-to-day scope for creativity and choice must [stay] .

In a number of schools there remain underlying — and sometimes still overt — conflicts that were provoked by the Teachers ' Action of 1986–7 .
in a number of schools there [stay] underlying — and sometimes still overt — conflicts that were provoked by the teachers ' action of 1986–7 .

But it is no disrespect to enquire into the possibility that some teachers may , through no fault of their own , have reached this position prematurely , and that other , more positive options still remain open .
but it is no disrespect to enquire into the possibility that some teachers may , through no fault of their own , have reached this position prematurely , and that other , more positive options still [stay] open .

‘ Butler Henderson ’ , which ended its working days on the Great Central Railway at Loughborough back in February , is likely to remain in the Museum for the foreseeable future .
‘ butler henderson ’ , which ended its working days on the great central railway at loughborough back in february , is likely to [stay] in the museum for the foreseeable future .

The painting will remain , under the in lieu in situ provision of British law , in the state rooms of the great eighteenth-century Norfolk house where it has hung since 1769 .
the painting will [stay] , under the in lieu in situ provision of british law , in the state rooms of the great eighteenth-century norfolk house where it has hung since 1769 .

Decade-long plans for the museum 's controversial and costly expansion program are on hold , Ross says , until better economic times , but he does expect any enlarged Whitney to remain on its current Madison Avenue site .
decade-long plans for the museum 's controversial and costly expansion program are on hold , ross says , until better economic times , but he does expect any enlarged whitney to [stay] on its current madison avenue site .

Julie Wachtel made her name painting blown-up and juxtaposed images from serious and popular art ( the Venus of Willendorf meets Wilma Flintstone , for instance ) and cartoon images remain close to her heart .
julie wachtel made her name painting blown-up and juxtaposed images from serious and popular art ( the venus of willendorf meets wilma flintstone , for instance ) and cartoon images [stay] close to her heart .

The trading ports of Europe photographed by Emmanuelle Danoy in sepia remain at Isabelle Bongard until mid-April .
the trading ports of europe photographed by emmanuelle danoy in sepia [stay] at isabelle bongard until mid-april .

Anne-Marie Jugnet 's neon sentences remain at Froment and Putman until 24 April .
anne-marie jugnet 's neon sentences [stay] at froment and putman until 24 april .

There remains , and probably will always remain , an area of ambiguity , which itself is disturbing in someone of Anselm 's normal lucidity and precision .
there remains , and probably will always [stay] , an area of ambiguity , which itself is disturbing in someone of anselm 's normal lucidity and precision .

All that Anselm demanded was that the essential basis for carrying out his duties as archbishop should remain inviolate .
all that anselm demanded was that the essential basis for carrying out his duties as archbishop should [stay] inviolate .

Emily sighed , unless Craig 's name was cleared she would remain an old maid for ever , she would never accept second best whatever her father said .
emily sighed , unless craig 's name was cleared she would [stay] an old maid for ever , she would never accept second best whatever her father said .

There are no sweeping statements about resurgence in the American Paintings market that can be made from the major New York sales at Sotheby 's and Christie 's , on 3 and 4 December , though some areas , like early modern paintings , remain stable , if not strong .
there are no sweeping statements about resurgence in the american paintings market that can be made from the major new york sales at sotheby 's and christie 's , on 3 and 4 december , though some areas , like early modern paintings , [stay] stable , if not strong .

Even so far as the Regulation is concerned , which may be operational in less than three months , several questions remain open .
even so far as the regulation is concerned , which may be operational in less than three months , several questions [stay] open .

It denies that it is sliding out of its responsibility towards archaeological sites : ‘ Our archaeological activities will still continue and remain a vital part of our work ’ .
it denies that it is sliding out of its responsibility towards archaeological sites : ‘ our archaeological activities will still continue and [stay] a vital part of our work ’ .

Prestigious scholarly and popular series are being continued , German Expressionists , Picasso and the art of the Middle Ages remain safe favourites .
prestigious scholarly and popular series are being continued , german expressionists , picasso and the art of the middle ages [stay] safe favourites .

REMain unseen
[stay] unseen

Other-worldly events remain an enduring obsession for The Orb .
other-worldly events [stay] an enduring obsession for the orb .

Meanwhile , the living parts of the legend remain outside .
meanwhile , the living parts of the legend [stay] outside .

The crippled dread and the guy with the Capri remain ignored .
the crippled dread and the guy with the capri [stay] ignored .

At a larger distance , none the less , a pattern of partial unity of purpose grows faintly visible , and the old romancers and young realists of post-war Britain by now look one in what they denied and defied , even if they remain opposed in style and in the positives of dogmatic faith .
at a larger distance , none the less , a pattern of partial unity of purpose grows faintly visible , and the old romancers and young realists of post-war britain by now look one in what they denied and defied , even if they [stay] opposed in style and in the positives of dogmatic faith .

Such ancient and well-tried difficulties with the concept of the divine haunt their fictions , which remain essentially this-worldly , however , in their moral concerns , and never theological .
such ancient and well-tried difficulties with the concept of the divine haunt their fictions , which [stay] essentially this-worldly , however , in their moral concerns , and never theological .

Their surviving descendants remain there to this day .
their surviving descendants [stay] there to this day .

But it may not remain so for long , for there are already plans to develop a recreational complex on the island and to install a much-needed sewage treatment plant .
but it may not [stay] so for long , for there are already plans to develop a recreational complex on the island and to install a much-needed sewage treatment plant .

Since bats are considered by the Chinese to be symbols of good luck they are one creature that is likely to remain safe when the British hand over Hong Kong .
since bats are considered by the chinese to be symbols of good luck they are one creature that is likely to [stay] safe when the british hand over hong kong .

One is that it is a hollow that can hold extra air , allowing the reptile to remain submerged longer .
one is that it is a hollow that can hold extra air , allowing the reptile to [stay] submerged longer .

The young remain with their mother until a new baby is born , after which they wander further and further away until the parental bond breaks down completely .
the young [stay] with their mother until a new baby is born , after which they wander further and further away until the parental bond breaks down completely .

Nevertheless , they remain strongly entrenched in both lay and professional minds .
nevertheless , they [stay] strongly entrenched in both lay and professional minds .

We should remain concerned , too , with the welfare of that substantial minority of older people for whom ( and for whose families ) ageing has brought little joy .
we should [stay] concerned , too , with the welfare of that substantial minority of older people for whom ( and for whose families ) ageing has brought little joy .

In summary , the image created by the research of the period was of a growing sector of the population , able to remain active in the community after withdrawal from full-time paid labour , but only with the assistance of that community .
in summary , the image created by the research of the period was of a growing sector of the population , able to [stay] active in the community after withdrawal from full-time paid labour , but only with the assistance of that community .

As a consequence of the belief in the unbalanced ratio , demographers advocated the long-term necessity of keeping older people in the work-force , since the birth-rate was expected to remain low despite a wartime upturn .
as a consequence of the belief in the unbalanced ratio , demographers advocated the long-term necessity of keeping older people in the work-force , since the birth-rate was expected to [stay] low despite a wartime upturn .

What part of any contraction in the demand for elderly workers has been caused by state action over the setting of pension eligibility terms , and what part has been due to the autonomous decisions of employers , must for the moment remain an open question .
what part of any contraction in the demand for elderly workers has been caused by state action over the setting of pension eligibility terms , and what part has been due to the autonomous decisions of employers , must for the moment [stay] an open question .

Ironically , there were some respondents who said that they would have preferred to have kept on working in order to remain healthy .
ironically , there were some respondents who said that they would have preferred to have kept on working in order to [stay] healthy .

On the other hand , there was a slightly smaller group of people , ending up as early retired , who had at first decided to remain economically active and , for the most part , to try to find jobs .
on the other hand , there was a slightly smaller group of people , ending up as early retired , who had at first decided to [stay] economically active and , for the most part , to try to find jobs .

Finally , there is the economic and social policy context within which older workers come to a decision about whether or not to remain economically active .
finally , there is the economic and social policy context within which older workers come to a decision about whether or not to [stay] economically active .

However , since the proportion who are disabled in different types of household also varies , it is necessary to see whether the differences in state provision remain after the level of disability has been controlled .
however , since the proportion who are disabled in different types of household also varies , it is necessary to see whether the differences in state provision [stay] after the level of disability has been controlled .

Those differences in income with age which remain after considering each type of household separately can mainly be explained in terms of two factors .
those differences in income with age which [stay] after considering each type of household separately can mainly be explained in terms of two factors .

International referee Derek Bevan , who handled the World Cup final , agreed with Kirkpatrick , citing another area where law changes have had negative consequences : ‘ When the ball is fielded following a high kick from the attacking side the chasing forwards can close in and circle the catcher provided that they remain at a distance of 10 metres .
international referee derek bevan , who handled the world cup final , agreed with kirkpatrick , citing another area where law changes have had negative consequences : ‘ when the ball is fielded following a high kick from the attacking side the chasing forwards can close in and circle the catcher provided that they [stay] at a distance of 10 metres .

Queen 's Club remain the only club to share the impressive 3-game 100 % record with Royal Berkshire , as a result of their Area 5 third round victory against London 's Connaught Club .
queen 's club [stay] the only club to share the impressive 3-game 100 % record with royal berkshire , as a result of their area 5 third round victory against london 's connaught club .

Things remain neck and neck in Area 3 of the event , as City of Nottingham maintain the pressure on leaders and former champions Hallamshire Sheffield , following a 3–0 victory over Hallamshire 's neighbours Abbeydale Park .
things [stay] neck and neck in area 3 of the event , as city of nottingham maintain the pressure on leaders and former champions hallamshire sheffield , following a 3–0 victory over hallamshire 's neighbours abbeydale park .

Ilkley remain very much in contention , however , on a maximum 8 points from the one match they have played , and two games in hand .
ilkley [stay] very much in contention , however , on a maximum 8 points from the one match they have played , and two games in hand .

Long may it remain so .
long may it [stay] so .

And of course , until it has been established rather longer , the prime feature from the Compaq Grand Slam Cup will remain the record prize money .
and of course , until it has been established rather longer , the prime feature from the compaq grand slam cup will [stay] the record prize money .

Nerves were edgy as both players dropped their service games to remain neck and neck at 5–5 , but it was Powell who was able to break Curtis at the crucial moment to regain the lead .
nerves were edgy as both players dropped their service games to [stay] neck and neck at 5–5 , but it was powell who was able to break curtis at the crucial moment to regain the lead .

‘ Take care , then , if you wish to remain alive .
‘ take care , then , if you wish to [stay] alive .

Tickets for the original Cambridge and Birmingham gigs remain valid , while fans holding tickets for the London shows on the first , second or third nights must attend the equivalent evenings in January .
tickets for the original cambridge and birmingham gigs [stay] valid , while fans holding tickets for the london shows on the first , second or third nights must attend the equivalent evenings in january .

‘ No , my child , you wo n't ; but you will always remain in my memory .
‘ no , my child , you wo n't ; but you will always [stay] in my memory .

Their celebrity Class 25 diesel , ‘ Tamworth Castle ’ , will remain on the Kent and East Sussex Railway for another season .
their celebrity class 25 diesel , ‘ tamworth castle ’ , will [stay] on the kent and east sussex railway for another season .

That exhibition has now moved on , and the floor will remain empty until an Isozaki travelling show opens in November 1993 .
that exhibition has now moved on , and the floor will [stay] empty until an isozaki travelling show opens in november 1993 .

21 , October 1992 , p.7 ) will probably remain with that institution .
21 , october 1992 , p.7 ) will probably [stay] with that institution .

Scandal of Albert Memorial , to remain in plastic
scandal of albert memorial , to [stay] in plastic

The now familiar , if still poignant , sight of the Albert Memorial swathed in scaffolding and plastic , is set to remain a London eyesore until at least 1996 .
the now familiar , if still poignant , sight of the albert memorial swathed in scaffolding and plastic , is set to [stay] a london eyesore until at least 1996 .

The recent Autumn Statement from the National Heritage Ministry included the announcement that none of the proposed restoration options will be taken up , and that the monument will remain under wraps for the foreseeable future .
the recent autumn statement from the national heritage ministry included the announcement that none of the proposed restoration options will be taken up , and that the monument will [stay] under wraps for the foreseeable future .

Theories and information appear not to have been subjected to prior sorting and tumble forth from the pages , while the opinions of the authors remain submerged .
theories and information appear not to have been subjected to prior sorting and tumble forth from the pages , while the opinions of the authors [stay] submerged .

The often surprising results of the January Old Master drawing sales in New York revealed that it is just as easy to overspend on a drawing as it is on a painting , and conversely , that despite high prices for a few grand names , drawings still remain a little understood and modestly priced field .
the often surprising results of the january old master drawing sales in new york revealed that it is just as easy to overspend on a drawing as it is on a painting , and conversely , that despite high prices for a few grand names , drawings still [stay] a little understood and modestly priced field .

He saw the Brussels agreement being extended eventually to cover the whole of Western Europe , but each step would have to be thoroughly explored , and the overall character would have to remain at the level of intergovernmental cooperation .
he saw the brussels agreement being extended eventually to cover the whole of western europe , but each step would have to be thoroughly explored , and the overall character would have to [stay] at the level of intergovernmental cooperation .

In view of the past it is not surprising , and in view of the future it is significant , that Britain still preferred to remain aloof from Europe .
in view of the past it is not surprising , and in view of the future it is significant , that britain still preferred to [stay] aloof from europe .

While France was content for Germany to remain divided , it was concerned about its new neighbour , the Federal Republic of West Germany , not least about the rapid economic growth that had occurred there after a major currency reform in 1948 .
while france was content for germany to [stay] divided , it was concerned about its new neighbour , the federal republic of west germany , not least about the rapid economic growth that had occurred there after a major currency reform in 1948 .

He would never be a rival , he would remain the loyal servant of the Chairman .
he would never be a rival , he would [stay] the loyal servant of the chairman .

Hedge sparrows and woodpeckers , for example , rarely remain still , but are accessible with a little study and knowledge .
hedge sparrows and woodpeckers , for example , rarely [stay] still , but are accessible with a little study and knowledge .

Some of the larger birds can remain stationary for many minutes and the poses they adopt are all interesting and therefore present easier subjects .
some of the larger birds can [stay] stationary for many minutes and the poses they adopt are all interesting and therefore present easier subjects .

For this reason , most weights of watercolour paper are dampened and stretched before painting — so the surface can remain flat until the washes are dry .
for this reason , most weights of watercolour paper are dampened and stretched before painting — so the surface can [stay] flat until the washes are dry .

With the authority and control characteristic of the highly acclaimed Headway course , Headway Advanced sets out to clarify and resolve those areas of language which remain problematic for advanced students , and which present a barrier to the fluency and accuracy they seek .
with the authority and control characteristic of the highly acclaimed headway course , headway advanced sets out to clarify and resolve those areas of language which [stay] problematic for advanced students , and which present a barrier to the fluency and accuracy they seek .

which was released in 1970 and will likely remain the definitive story of the attack .
which was released in 1970 and will likely [stay] the definitive story of the attack .

Nonetheless , it was the effort to recreate the American and Japanese air forces which remain the central saga in the story behind the filming of Tora !
nonetheless , it was the effort to recreate the american and japanese air forces which [stay] the central saga in the story behind the filming of tora !

Today , they remain active and the largest group includes ten of the film veterans operated by the Confederate Air Force which regularly perform in Pearl Harbor re-enactments at air shows .
today , they [stay] active and the largest group includes ten of the film veterans operated by the confederate air force which regularly perform in pearl harbor re-enactments at air shows .

Many such ‘ finds ’ have to remain very ‘ quiet ’ until salvage is undertaken , not only to keep other collectors off the scent , but to safeguard sensitive negotiations with governments and their agents .
many such ‘ finds ’ have to [stay] very ‘ quiet ’ until salvage is undertaken , not only to keep other collectors off the scent , but to safeguard sensitive negotiations with governments and their agents .

They remain important influences still , but other schools and approaches have more recently become prominent , and fed into theology at various points .
they [stay] important influences still , but other schools and approaches have more recently become prominent , and fed into theology at various points .

They were to remain corner-stones of his thought .
they were to [stay] corner-stones of his thought .

But if he suffers to this extent by comparison with Barth , he towers over most other theologians of his generation ; and it is more than a little sad that two men so gifted and with so much in common should not have managed to remain closer to each other .
but if he suffers to this extent by comparison with barth , he towers over most other theologians of his generation ; and it is more than a little sad that two men so gifted and with so much in common should not have managed to [stay] closer to each other .

Tetras and hatchetfish are normally kept with dwarfs , and as Geophagines are not piscivorous , these should remain unmolested .
tetras and hatchetfish are normally kept with dwarfs , and as geophagines are not piscivorous , these should [stay] unmolested .

They remain one of the challenges to keep successfully in special marine aquaria .
they [stay] one of the challenges to keep successfully in special marine aquaria .

The combination of the move and the reassuring presence of the Scats was successful , as they began to accept my visits , although they do remain somewhat ‘ edgy ’ if anyone else enters the fish room .
the combination of the move and the reassuring presence of the scats was successful , as they began to accept my visits , although they do [stay] somewhat ‘ edgy ’ if anyone else enters the fish room .

This was the most fundamental fact about the movies in Britain and America and it was to remain the most important fact throughout the great years of the cinema 's hegemony .
this was the most fundamental fact about the movies in britain and america and it was to [stay] the most important fact throughout the great years of the cinema 's hegemony .

Every social , political , and box-office consideration suggested to the showmen that it would be unsatisfactory for the movies to remain a merely sectional entertainment .
every social , political , and box-office consideration suggested to the showmen that it would be unsatisfactory for the movies to [stay] a merely sectional entertainment .

He was in Hollywood by 1915 in time to see Griffith at the height of his powers , and in a sense Vidor was always to remain a representative of the Griffith era ; he was to become Hollywood 's token Progressive in a period when the main energies of that phenomenon had been exhausted .
he was in hollywood by 1915 in time to see griffith at the height of his powers , and in a sense vidor was always to [stay] a representative of the griffith era ; he was to become hollywood 's token progressive in a period when the main energies of that phenomenon had been exhausted .

The reasons for the shift from regarding sign language as one universal form of communication to seeing sign languages as highly different from each other are easy to understand , but the result has been confusion over what questions remain to be asked about the differences between sign languages .
the reasons for the shift from regarding sign language as one universal form of communication to seeing sign languages as highly different from each other are easy to understand , but the result has been confusion over what questions [stay] to be asked about the differences between sign languages .

In each case , Tab and Dez remain constant ( though secondary Tabs may change ) and the movement is simple ; but in the one case the movement produces no additional spatial information while in the other the spatial information changes at the end of the sign .
in each case , tab and dez [stay] constant ( though secondary tabs may change ) and the movement is simple ; but in the one case the movement produces no additional spatial information while in the other the spatial information changes at the end of the sign .

have a gap-hunt around window and door frames . Clear out loose and damaged material and fill with exterior sealant , which will remain flexible
have a gap-hunt around window and door frames . clear out loose and damaged material and fill with exterior sealant , which will [stay] flexible

It 's important not to stretch the hessian out of shape , as it will remain mis-shapen .
it 's important not to stretch the hessian out of shape , as it will [stay] mis-shapen .

The way individual schools were organised , the pattern of the school day , the drafting and implementation of the curriculum remained , and continues to remain , the responsibility of the staff of each school .
the way individual schools were organised , the pattern of the school day , the drafting and implementation of the curriculum remained , and continues to [stay] , the responsibility of the staff of each school .

Hinting at reform , at the same time they comforted teachers with the reassurance that long-established procedures would remain .
hinting at reform , at the same time they comforted teachers with the reassurance that long-established procedures would [stay] .

At eleven a child might transfer to a grammar or central ( technical trade ) school or remain in a ‘ reorganised secondary school ’ .
at eleven a child might transfer to a grammar or central ( technical trade ) school or [stay] in a ‘ reorganised secondary school ’ .

The differences which remain are enforced mainly by differences in average income and in style of government .
the differences which [stay] are enforced mainly by differences in average income and in style of government .

The traditional problems of heat stress and physical work-load remain , particularly in the developing countries , while new problems appear as more complex systems are designed requiring new operator roles and more serious consequences of inadequate performance .
the traditional problems of heat stress and physical work-load [stay] , particularly in the developing countries , while new problems appear as more complex systems are designed requiring new operator roles and more serious consequences of inadequate performance .

These real difficulties of man-power utilisation are such as to force many organisations to become larger and larger if they are to remain economic .
these real difficulties of man-power utilisation are such as to force many organisations to become larger and larger if they are to [stay] economic .

These remain primitive in that , on the whole , non-technical English is used with all the possibilities of ambiguity and communication at cross purposes which this implies .
these [stay] primitive in that , on the whole , non-technical english is used with all the possibilities of ambiguity and communication at cross purposes which this implies .

The need for interdisciplinary approaches is reinforced but the abiding difficulties of interdisciplinary communications remain at every level from different values and concepts to different terminologies .
the need for interdisciplinary approaches is reinforced but the abiding difficulties of interdisciplinary communications [stay] at every level from different values and concepts to different terminologies .

As good communications are of the essence to remain competitive , companies are keen to have technology , especially software , that is integrated seamlessly from site to site , across national boundaries .
as good communications are of the essence to [stay] competitive , companies are keen to have technology , especially software , that is integrated seamlessly from site to site , across national boundaries .

In other words , they work at it — which is a quite different thing from saying they are psychologically predisposed to remain relaxed under pressure .
in other words , they work at it — which is a quite different thing from saying they are psychologically predisposed to [stay] relaxed under pressure .

Asian families , for the most part , are organized in such a way as to keep a firm control over their children , integrating them into a tightly knit web of relationships within the community where religious traditions remain strong and create in the members a respect for norms , seniority and morality .
asian families , for the most part , are organized in such a way as to keep a firm control over their children , integrating them into a tightly knit web of relationships within the community where religious traditions [stay] strong and create in the members a respect for norms , seniority and morality .

But questions remain .
but questions [stay] .

The people of the parish remain as close-knit as they were in those early days .
the people of the parish [stay] as close-knit as they were in those early days .

People may not remember whatever detailed analysis was developed for them as schoolchildren , but certain models or ‘ general sketches ’ … do remain , and they inform everyday thinking closely , especially as they are exercised over and again by politicians and the media seeking to make public sense of current events .
people may not remember whatever detailed analysis was developed for them as schoolchildren , but certain models or ‘ general sketches ’ … do [stay] , and they inform everyday thinking closely , especially as they are exercised over and again by politicians and the media seeking to make public sense of current events .

And as discussion moves on to include the other major activities within English — critical discrimination and classroom talk — it becomes clear that the central difficulties remain .
and as discussion moves on to include the other major activities within english — critical discrimination and classroom talk — it becomes clear that the central difficulties [stay] .

At best , this will help to ensure that black workers remain in those employment sectors they entered in the boom years of the 50 's and 60 's .
at best , this will help to ensure that black workers [stay] in those employment sectors they entered in the boom years of the 50 's and 60 's .

It is striking how even when certain minority groups tend to achieve mean levels of attainment above those of the white majority , they still remain heavily disadvantaged in employment terms .
it is striking how even when certain minority groups tend to achieve mean levels of attainment above those of the white majority , they still [stay] heavily disadvantaged in employment terms .

This Fel test is to determine whether the Ghosts accept the adventurers ' intentions , or whether they remain unhappy about them .
this fel test is to determine whether the ghosts accept the adventurers ' intentions , or whether they [stay] unhappy about them .

Rather , not only does Sweden have the widest coverage of collective bargaining for manual and white-collar employees , along with well-developed workplace organisations , but most importantly member firms of the centralised employers ' body support trade union membership and encourage employees to join and remain in the union .
rather , not only does sweden have the widest coverage of collective bargaining for manual and white-collar employees , along with well-developed workplace organisations , but most importantly member firms of the centralised employers ' body support trade union membership and encourage employees to join and [stay] in the union .

It is true that , once established , the main elements of bargaining structures tend to persist and remain relatively stable .
it is true that , once established , the main elements of bargaining structures tend to persist and [stay] relatively stable .

Most enterprise-based unions remain fairly self-contained and although many do affiliate to the appropriate national , regional or industrial federations they accord them little authority for conducting collective bargaining or sanctioning agreements .
most enterprise-based unions [stay] fairly self-contained and although many do affiliate to the appropriate national , regional or industrial federations they accord them little authority for conducting collective bargaining or sanctioning agreements .

’ In addition , the Prayer Book include a communion rubric , known as the Black Rubric , which contained an explicit denial of the real presence ; it stated that the bread and wine ‘ remain still in their very natural substances ’ , and that kneeling to receive communion did not signify that ‘ any adoration is done or meant to be done ’ .
’ in addition , the prayer book include a communion rubric , known as the black rubric , which contained an explicit denial of the real presence ; it stated that the bread and wine ‘ [stay] still in their very natural substances ’ , and that kneeling to receive communion did not signify that ‘ any adoration is done or meant to be done ’ .

Not only did the Belgian Army remain threateningly ensconced in Antwerp , but Winston Churchill , First Lord of the Admiralty , had ordered a brigade of 3,000 British Marines to Ostend on 17 August .
not only did the belgian army [stay] threateningly ensconced in antwerp , but winston churchill , first lord of the admiralty , had ordered a brigade of 3,000 british marines to ostend on 17 august .

Another point : the intruder who has been denied a quick escape route is unlikely to remain in the house for very long ( it 's one of the first things he sizes up after breaking in ) .
another point : the intruder who has been denied a quick escape route is unlikely to [stay] in the house for very long ( it 's one of the first things he sizes up after breaking in ) .

How many units would remain intact when a criminal hurled a house brick at the glass ?
how many units would [stay] intact when a criminal hurled a house brick at the glass ?

Sandvik paint scrapers have blades made from extremely hard-wearing tungsten carbide , which remain sharp 10 times longer than conventional steel blades .
sandvik paint scrapers have blades made from extremely hard-wearing tungsten carbide , which [stay] sharp 10 times longer than conventional steel blades .

Persistent surface weedkillers remain active in the top few centimetres of the soil , killing new weeds as they germinate , yet they do not harm most established roses , shrubs and trees , whose roots are well below the surface .
persistent surface weedkillers [stay] active in the top few centimetres of the soil , killing new weeds as they germinate , yet they do not harm most established roses , shrubs and trees , whose roots are well below the surface .

Twice the Devil has been decisively defeated by God , but his strategies remain the same .
twice the devil has been decisively defeated by god , but his strategies [stay] the same .

Most peasant cultures remain unchanged in their essential structures for hundreds of years .
most peasant cultures [stay] unchanged in their essential structures for hundreds of years .

Most of us remain unaware that our Christian faith — however real to us — has already been divorced from the mainstream of modern life .
most of us [stay] unaware that our christian faith — however real to us — has already been divorced from the mainstream of modern life .

Death rites remain , but rites that are no longer recognisable as rites or common practices .
death rites [stay] , but rites that are no longer recognisable as rites or common practices .

( Giscard d'Estaing had already warned the Palace about the Romanians ' insatiable pilfering during their recent stay in France , but Palace officials remain discreet about any misdemeanours during the Ceauşescus ' visit . )
( giscard d'estaing had already warned the palace about the romanians ' insatiable pilfering during their recent stay in france , but palace officials [stay] discreet about any misdemeanours during the ceauşescus ' visit . )

He preferred to remain aloof , an invisible presence worshipped from afar .
he preferred to [stay] aloof , an invisible presence worshipped from afar .

It was still perfectly possible to remain on the international cocktail circuit .
it was still perfectly possible to [stay] on the international cocktail circuit .

Addressing the Central Committee in April 1988 , the Comrade explained how this ‘ homogenization ’ was to be achieved : ‘ It is necessary to cut down to almost half the number of villages , establishing those that are to remain and their size ; all new buildings shall have to be erected only in these localities and we shall have to put other village areas to other purposes .
addressing the central committee in april 1988 , the comrade explained how this ‘ homogenization ’ was to be achieved : ‘ it is necessary to cut down to almost half the number of villages , establishing those that are to [stay] and their size ; all new buildings shall have to be erected only in these localities and we shall have to put other village areas to other purposes .

No evidence of a family home should remain .
no evidence of a family home should [stay] .

Indeed they must be introduced on occasions , if discussion is not to remain unformed , vague and inexplicit .
indeed they must be introduced on occasions , if discussion is not to [stay] unformed , vague and inexplicit .

In any case , such a standardisation exercise would be an enormous project and could not be imposed in practice , and many decisions would remain essentially arbitrary .
in any case , such a standardisation exercise would be an enormous project and could not be imposed in practice , and many decisions would [stay] essentially arbitrary .

Most people , even with the added burden of credit commitments , manage to remain solvent .
most people , even with the added burden of credit commitments , manage to [stay] solvent .

Rather than take the pessimistic view that they will remain at least this high in future , we hope that the ( slightly ) lower figures we have given instead may prove more representative of interest rate levels in the longer run .
rather than take the pessimistic view that they will [stay] at least this high in future , we hope that the ( slightly ) lower figures we have given instead may prove more representative of interest rate levels in the longer run .

To recap then , there are two ways in which some awareness of credit costs may influence people 's shopping : their subjective impression of comparative costliness , which tends to be reasonably realistic ; and their objective awareness of interest rates and so forth , which tends to be sketchy , and — given American experience — even with increasing familiarity after implementation of Consumer Credit Act quotations and advertising regulations is likely to remain divorced from their actual understanding of the cost of individual credit transactions .
to recap then , there are two ways in which some awareness of credit costs may influence people 's shopping : their subjective impression of comparative costliness , which tends to be reasonably realistic ; and their objective awareness of interest rates and so forth , which tends to be sketchy , and — given american experience — even with increasing familiarity after implementation of consumer credit act quotations and advertising regulations is likely to [stay] divorced from their actual understanding of the cost of individual credit transactions .

On low-lying cliffs , provided that such development is not against the wishes of the landowner ; ( bolts are inappropriate on mountain cliffs and sea cliffs where a spirit of adventure should remain ) .
on low-lying cliffs , provided that such development is not against the wishes of the landowner ; ( bolts are inappropriate on mountain cliffs and sea cliffs where a spirit of adventure should [stay] ) .

Even if the middle of the opening will have to remain flat , it is essential to find the exact centre and work from it , so that the arch wo n't be lop-sided .
even if the middle of the opening will have to [stay] flat , it is essential to find the exact centre and work from it , so that the arch wo n't be lop-sided .

An alternative in churches where hymn books are given out is to note the empty spaces in the shelves where they are stacked or count those that remain and deduct them from the total .
an alternative in churches where hymn books are given out is to note the empty spaces in the shelves where they are stacked or count those that [stay] and deduct them from the total .

‘ Do n't be so stupid , Nick ! ’ Ellen was genuinely frightened for me , but she was also indignant at me . ‘ Report him , and you 'll be thrown off the islands before the week 's end ! Do n't you understand what 's going on ? Are you entirely blind ? Do n't you understand that in small countries power is more likely to remain undisguised because there is n't sufficient societal depth to conceal the realities of institutionalised brutality beneath a respectable fiction ? ’
‘ do n't be so stupid , nick ! ’ ellen was genuinely frightened for me , but she was also indignant at me . ‘ report him , and you 'll be thrown off the islands before the week 's end ! do n't you understand what 's going on ? are you entirely blind ? do n't you understand that in small countries power is more likely to [stay] undisguised because there is n't sufficient societal depth to conceal the realities of institutionalised brutality beneath a respectable fiction ? ’

The light-bearing principle which they represent ( in Florence Nightingale 's case , she was known as ‘ The Lady with the Lamp ’ ) can remain in the public imagination long after the personality has been forgotten .
the light-bearing principle which they represent ( in florence nightingale 's case , she was known as ‘ the lady with the lamp ’ ) can [stay] in the public imagination long after the personality has been forgotten .

Does that ideal remain constant , or does it change form as you yourself grow and develop ?
does that ideal [stay] constant , or does it change form as you yourself grow and develop ?

Plenty of women remain childless , through choice or necessity .
plenty of women [stay] childless , through choice or necessity .

The problems that juries were liable to arrive at verdicts that were less than helpful and that witnesses and jurors were vulnerable to intimidation were met by the abolition of juries in the criminal courts and the introduction of unorthodox expedients to enable witnesses to remain anonymous .
the problems that juries were liable to arrive at verdicts that were less than helpful and that witnesses and jurors were vulnerable to intimidation were met by the abolition of juries in the criminal courts and the introduction of unorthodox expedients to enable witnesses to [stay] anonymous .

They , too , decided that they could no longer remain in fairness to their young children .
they , too , decided that they could no longer [stay] in fairness to their young children .

They told him to ignore it and to remain at home where they would join him for the evening .
they told him to ignore it and to [stay] at home where they would join him for the evening .

Early in the general strike , the Constitutional Stoppage Central Co-ordinating Committee had instructed that pubs , clubs and all places for the sale of alcohol were to remain closed .
early in the general strike , the constitutional stoppage central co-ordinating committee had instructed that pubs , clubs and all places for the sale of alcohol were to [stay] closed .

The vision of the completed composition will come into his mind and remain there , often unchanged , until it has been transferred directly onto the canvas by the artist 's brush .
the vision of the completed composition will come into his mind and [stay] there , often unchanged , until it has been transferred directly onto the canvas by the artist 's brush .

But French painters remain the yardstick .
but french painters [stay] the yardstick .

4.1 acknowledges that all rights ( including but not limited to the copyright and other intellectual property rights ) in the Licensed Software which are owned by and shall remain the property of and and shall not during or at any time after the expiry or termination of this Agreement in any way question or dispute the ownership or any other such rights of and .
4.1 acknowledges that all rights ( including but not limited to the copyright and other intellectual property rights ) in the licensed software which are owned by and shall [stay] the property of and and shall not during or at any time after the expiry or termination of this agreement in any way question or dispute the ownership or any other such rights of and .

4.2 acknowledges that the copyright in any modifications , additions or translations commissioned or otherwise effected by and at the expense of to meet market needs in the Territories shall remain the copyright of .
4.2 acknowledges that the copyright in any modifications , additions or translations commissioned or otherwise effected by and at the expense of to meet market needs in the territories shall [stay] the copyright of .

The existing copyright notice shall remain and in no circumstances may the Distributor change , add , take away or otherwise tamper with the videos unless by prior negotiation and written agreement .
the existing copyright notice shall [stay] and in no circumstances may the distributor change , add , take away or otherwise tamper with the videos unless by prior negotiation and written agreement .

The existing copyright notice shall remain and in no circumstances may the Distributor change , add , take away or otherwise tamper with the videos unless by prior negotiation and written agreement .
the existing copyright notice shall [stay] and in no circumstances may the distributor change , add , take away or otherwise tamper with the videos unless by prior negotiation and written agreement .

The provisions of this Agreement concerning confidentiality or necessary for the implementation of any licences for the exploitation of results shall survive termination of this Agreement and shall remain in full force and effect .
the provisions of this agreement concerning confidentiality or necessary for the implementation of any licences for the exploitation of results shall survive termination of this agreement and shall [stay] in full force and effect .

15.3.3 all rights acquired by the Party in default hereunder to Background and results of other Parties shall cease immediately but the Party in default 's obligations under Clause 6 shall remain in full force and effect , and
15.3.3 all rights acquired by the party in default hereunder to background and results of other parties shall cease immediately but the party in default 's obligations under clause 6 shall [stay] in full force and effect , and

Between 13 November and 22 December 1989 we will be exclusively entitled to your services and to all the products thereof and all rights therein shall be and remain our exclusive property .
between 13 november and 22 december 1989 we will be exclusively entitled to your services and to all the products thereof and all rights therein shall be and [stay] our exclusive property .

During the shooting and on-line editing of the Video we will be exclusively entitled to your services and to all the products thereof and all rights therein shall be and remain our exclusive property .
during the shooting and on-line editing of the video we will be exclusively entitled to your services and to all the products thereof and all rights therein shall be and [stay] our exclusive property .

During the shooting and on-line editing of the Video we will be exclusively entitled to your services and to all the products thereof and all rights therein shall be and remain our exclusive property .
during the shooting and on-line editing of the video we will be exclusively entitled to your services and to all the products thereof and all rights therein shall be and [stay] our exclusive property .

Given these conditions it was virtually inevitable that nascent labourism would be inflected and conditioned by bourgeois thought , and subsequently remain impervious , even hostile , to other traditions , most notably Marxism .
given these conditions it was virtually inevitable that nascent labourism would be inflected and conditioned by bourgeois thought , and subsequently [stay] impervious , even hostile , to other traditions , most notably marxism .

Furthermore , labourism has a universe wider than labour representation , although at this stage in the discussion its boundaries remain ill-defined .
furthermore , labourism has a universe wider than labour representation , although at this stage in the discussion its boundaries [stay] ill-defined .

Under these circumstances firms were content to remain .
under these circumstances firms were content to [stay] .

Until the cooperative electorate is similarly organised we shall remain in a state of political impotency .
until the cooperative electorate is similarly organised we shall [stay] in a state of political impotency .

We could refurbish it and it would remain your property , a place of your own to go to whenever you so desired .
we could refurbish it and it would [stay] your property , a place of your own to go to whenever you so desired .

‘ Whilst you remain here with us — and let me say here and now that there will be a place here for you for as long as you wish — you will share in the life of the household and have all provided .
‘ whilst you [stay] here with us — and let me say here and now that there will be a place here for you for as long as you wish — you will share in the life of the household and have all provided .

Bound for Westminster Palace where she would remain as her daughter 's chaperon , the dowager-duchess , though well accustomed in her youth to court life , viewed the summons without enthusiasm .
bound for westminster palace where she would [stay] as her daughter 's chaperon , the dowager-duchess , though well accustomed in her youth to court life , viewed the summons without enthusiasm .

Officially described as the lady Anne 's companion , Joan had no place in the royal reunion and must remain behind in their apartments .
officially described as the lady anne 's companion , joan had no place in the royal reunion and must [stay] behind in their apartments .

She must remain discreetly in the background — in the wings as it were — being ever attentive to Anne 's requirements and reputation , and acting with prudence and discretion whensoever the need arose .
she must [stay] discreetly in the background — in the wings as it were — being ever attentive to anne 's requirements and reputation , and acting with prudence and discretion whensoever the need arose .

She was adamant that her daughter-in-law must remain in the capital .
she was adamant that her daughter-in-law must [stay] in the capital .

Eventually it was agreed between Elizabeth Woodville and Anne 's mother that Anne would remain in London , at least for the time being — but that for safety 's sake , and lest her true identity be recognized , she should be sent secretly to the Abbey of the Minoresses which stood only a short distance from the Tower .
eventually it was agreed between elizabeth woodville and anne 's mother that anne would [stay] in london , at least for the time being — but that for safety 's sake , and lest her true identity be recognized , she should be sent secretly to the abbey of the minoresses which stood only a short distance from the tower .

There she would remain in seclusion until the commotion had died down and she could live openly and in safety with her young lord .
there she would [stay] in seclusion until the commotion had died down and she could live openly and in safety with her young lord .

The third , and perhaps the most celebrated , was the use of vellum , made transparent , so that delicate paintings could be placed underneath and remain protected .
the third , and perhaps the most celebrated , was the use of vellum , made transparent , so that delicate paintings could be placed underneath and [stay] protected .

Fold in flour , cherries and ground almonds adding a little milk to make a fairly stiff dropping consistency ; the stiff consistency will help cherries to remain suspended evenly in cake while it is baking .
fold in flour , cherries and ground almonds adding a little milk to make a fairly stiff dropping consistency ; the stiff consistency will help cherries to [stay] suspended evenly in cake while it is baking .

Social mobility and elite circulation might increase , and the ruling group might become more heterogeneous , but government must remain oligarchic .
social mobility and elite circulation might increase , and the ruling group might become more heterogeneous , but government must [stay] oligarchic .

Social science explanation will always remain probabilistic and uncertain , or ‘ unproven ’ by natural science criteria .
social science explanation will always [stay] probabilistic and uncertain , or ‘ unproven ’ by natural science criteria .

If costs exceed benefits multiplied by the probability that their contribution will be decisive , they will remain inactive .
if costs exceed benefits multiplied by the probability that their contribution will be decisive , they will [stay] inactive .

Leadership skills tend to be in short supply , and so potential group members are highly dependent on the leaders who can help them overcome collective action problems which would otherwise condemn them to remain disorganized .
leadership skills tend to be in short supply , and so potential group members are highly dependent on the leaders who can help them overcome collective action problems which would otherwise condemn them to [stay] disorganized .

By contrast , groups with a large potential membership but unable to develop selective incentives of their own remain ‘ latent ’ , crippled by free-riding , disorganized and capable of only feeble collective action on their own behalf .
by contrast , groups with a large potential membership but unable to develop selective incentives of their own [stay] ‘ latent ’ , crippled by free-riding , disorganized and capable of only feeble collective action on their own behalf .

State bureaucracies can not remain completely subordinate to political control , as the democratic elitist model requires , without some sacrifice of expertise and specialized division of labour , which is a major rationale for instituting bureaucratic organization .
state bureaucracies can not [stay] completely subordinate to political control , as the democratic elitist model requires , without some sacrifice of expertise and specialized division of labour , which is a major rationale for instituting bureaucratic organization .

Radical elite theorists see the state as controlled by social elites who remain quite apart from political — electoral struggles , who operate government in a non-accountable , illegitimate and frequently exploitive manner to suit their own interests .
radical elite theorists see the state as controlled by social elites who [stay] quite apart from political — electoral struggles , who operate government in a non-accountable , illegitimate and frequently exploitive manner to suit their own interests .

In corporatist accounts the question of which elites are penetrating which can remain empirically contingent and a critical area for research .
in corporatist accounts the question of which elites are penetrating which can [stay] empirically contingent and a critical area for research .

The state , for Fine and Harris , is more autonomous than in Soviet orthodoxy , although they remain instrumentalists .
the state , for fine and harris , is more autonomous than in soviet orthodoxy , although they [stay] instrumentalists .

How far can the actors depart from their parts with improvization and adlibbing and yet remain within the accepted , culturally defined , conventions ?
how far can the actors depart from their parts with improvization and adlibbing and yet [stay] within the accepted , culturally defined , conventions ?

Mundie , one of the three founders of Alliant in 1982 , will remain on the board to advise in final sale of the service business and ultimate liquidation of the company .
mundie , one of the three founders of alliant in 1982 , will [stay] on the board to advise in final sale of the service business and ultimate liquidation of the company .

So unless we are entirely convinced that there are no such organic wholes , we should remain open to the possibility that some of Moore 's organic unities are really organic wholes .
so unless we are entirely convinced that there are no such organic wholes , we should [stay] open to the possibility that some of moore 's organic unities are really organic wholes .

Wishes can of course be fulfilled or remain unfulfilled and things may or may not be as people with certain attitudes would like , but it would be thoroughly misleading to speak of truth or falsehood here .
wishes can of course be fulfilled or [stay] unfulfilled and things may or may not be as people with certain attitudes would like , but it would be thoroughly misleading to speak of truth or falsehood here .

It is often quite appropriate to act on particular impulses but it is against nature to let these have their head against the opposition of the higher principles , or not to let these higher impulses remain upon the lookout for trouble .
it is often quite appropriate to act on particular impulses but it is against nature to let these have their head against the opposition of the higher principles , or not to let these higher impulses [stay] upon the lookout for trouble .

Atherton argues that the mass of the American people remain committed to support for the ‘ genuinely poor , sick , disabled and disadvantaged ’ , but not to a redistributive welfare programme .
atherton argues that the mass of the american people [stay] committed to support for the ‘ genuinely poor , sick , disabled and disadvantaged ’ , but not to a redistributive welfare programme .

Only 12 per cent of parents interviewed chose a different school from the one currently attended ; the majority opted to remain in the maintained sector .
only 12 per cent of parents interviewed chose a different school from the one currently attended ; the majority opted to [stay] in the maintained sector .

Alternatively , Exminster could remain as the hospital for elderly mentally ill patients , allowing a planned closure of Digby Hospital after short-stay beds had been established in Torbay and North Devon .
alternatively , exminster could [stay] as the hospital for elderly mentally ill patients , allowing a planned closure of digby hospital after short-stay beds had been established in torbay and north devon .

The hospitals would be left to retrench naturally , while community services would remain patchy and slow to evolve .
the hospitals would be left to retrench naturally , while community services would [stay] patchy and slow to evolve .

Jeff Papows , president and chief operating officer of Canadian software house , Cognos Inc , Ottawa , will be replaced by vice president of business management and development , Ron Zambonini at the end of Cognos ' fiscal year in October : Michael Potter will remain chairman and chief executive officer .
jeff papows , president and chief operating officer of canadian software house , cognos inc , ottawa , will be replaced by vice president of business management and development , ron zambonini at the end of cognos ' fiscal year in october : michael potter will [stay] chairman and chief executive officer .

The newcomers were not able to brush aside the native Carib population with quite the contemptuous ease with which the Spaniards had conquered the mainland ; attempts to settle in earlier years had been resisted successfully and in some islands the English settlers had to remain at least as careful about the risk of native attack as any community in North America .
the newcomers were not able to brush aside the native carib population with quite the contemptuous ease with which the spaniards had conquered the mainland ; attempts to settle in earlier years had been resisted successfully and in some islands the english settlers had to [stay] at least as careful about the risk of native attack as any community in north america .

This was a sensible policy which would bring stability to Britain , and took it for granted that stability would mean that relations with the colonies would remain unchanged .
this was a sensible policy which would bring stability to britain , and took it for granted that stability would mean that relations with the colonies would [stay] unchanged .

In the 1740s the French in India would have been happy enough to ignore the war in Europe and remain neutral , as they had done during earlier European wars , mainly because previous emperors could maintain the peace .
in the 1740s the french in india would have been happy enough to ignore the war in europe and [stay] neutral , as they had done during earlier european wars , mainly because previous emperors could maintain the peace .

The British Company might have agreed to this , but ships of the French and British navies had sailed to the Indian Ocean and could not remain neutral .
the british company might have agreed to this , but ships of the french and british navies had sailed to the indian ocean and could not [stay] neutral .

Washington had first seen the attractions of open land when working as a surveyor along a line running north-west to the Ohio valley and Lake Erie , and he could reckon that his survey was not going to remain as a simple tribute to the government 's desire for information .
washington had first seen the attractions of open land when working as a surveyor along a line running north-west to the ohio valley and lake erie , and he could reckon that his survey was not going to [stay] as a simple tribute to the government 's desire for information .

Fusco will remain on the board as chairman .
fusco will [stay] on the board as chairman .

The extra and fruitless work which these new procedures often engender may remain worthwhile if some new but positive ‘ leads ’ are also found .
the extra and fruitless work which these new procedures often engender may [stay] worthwhile if some new but positive ‘ leads ’ are also found .

Origins remain of scientific interest but the important thing is :
origins [stay] of scientific interest but the important thing is :

Once infected , people remain infectious all their lives and can pass the virus on to others .
once infected , people [stay] infectious all their lives and can pass the virus on to others .

This does not involve going to Court and you remain free to remove your child at any time ( although it is best to do this by arrangement ) .
this does not involve going to court and you [stay] free to remove your child at any time ( although it is best to do this by arrangement ) .

There is the risk of discrimination and the information may not remain confidential .
there is the risk of discrimination and the information may not [stay] confidential .

Despite the fact that the state has decided to put them to death , many prisoners remain positively patriotic , and refuse to dismiss the notion that America 's injustices can not be reformed .
despite the fact that the state has decided to put them to death , many prisoners [stay] positively patriotic , and refuse to dismiss the notion that america 's injustices can not be reformed .

Both remain ‘ disappeared ’ .
both [stay] ‘ disappeared ’ .

It would make an ideal present for a young person whose railway consciousness was just being awoken and , perhaps , light reading for the more railway aware person who still has a hankering to remain in touch with history .
it would make an ideal present for a young person whose railway consciousness was just being awoken and , perhaps , light reading for the more railway aware person who still has a hankering to [stay] in touch with history .

Although traditional remedial education is undergoing radical reform , major problems remain .
although traditional remedial education is undergoing radical reform , major problems [stay] .

Although this policy is welcome from a special needs perspective , many questions remain .
although this policy is welcome from a special needs perspective , many questions [stay] .

Naturally the physical bases that are the cause of defective sight remain unchanged ; measured visual acuity is unlikely to be improved , but children can be positively helped to pay attention to visual stimuli , and can be given motivating visual tasks in optimum conditions that help them to enjoy the experience of using their vision as fully and effectively as possible .
naturally the physical bases that are the cause of defective sight [stay] unchanged ; measured visual acuity is unlikely to be improved , but children can be positively helped to pay attention to visual stimuli , and can be given motivating visual tasks in optimum conditions that help them to enjoy the experience of using their vision as fully and effectively as possible .

Amnesty is concerned that those who remain detained may not be receiving adequate medical treatment for the seriousness of their conditions and some may be close to death .
amnesty is concerned that those who [stay] detained may not be receiving adequate medical treatment for the seriousness of their conditions and some may be close to death .

As part of these guidelines Amnesty ‘ must remain a broadly based and self-supporting organization ’ .
as part of these guidelines amnesty ‘ must [stay] a broadly based and self-supporting organization ’ .

Not everyone was content to remain an unenlightened beneficiary of a superior technology .
not everyone was content to [stay] an unenlightened beneficiary of a superior technology .

Perhaps the best part of the 10 day tournament for brothers Cliff and Butch Buchholz , who run the Key Biscayne event , was the decision by Lipton to remain as title sponsors after all , having originally said they would only be a secondary supporter in future years .
perhaps the best part of the 10 day tournament for brothers cliff and butch buchholz , who run the key biscayne event , was the decision by lipton to [stay] as title sponsors after all , having originally said they would only be a secondary supporter in future years .

In terms of sheer inhumanity , one incident in August will remain stamped on my mind for the rest of my life .
in terms of sheer inhumanity , one incident in august will [stay] stamped on my mind for the rest of my life .

The family has since continued to search for Nuri ‘ Abd al-Karim and his sons at various detention centres , police stations , prisons and hospitals but the three remain ‘ disappeared ’ .
the family has since continued to search for nuri ‘ abd al-karim and his sons at various detention centres , police stations , prisons and hospitals but the three [stay] ‘ disappeared ’ .

While it may be fine to have a small puppy sharing your bed , you will face a battle to remain in place if you are fighting for space with a large adult Irish Wolfhound .
while it may be fine to have a small puppy sharing your bed , you will face a battle to [stay] in place if you are fighting for space with a large adult irish wolfhound .

The eggs can remain viable for a considerable period of time , however , and so you should dispose of faecal matter carefully to prevent any risk of infection in the garden if you have a young family .
the eggs can [stay] viable for a considerable period of time , however , and so you should dispose of faecal matter carefully to prevent any risk of infection in the garden if you have a young family .

If the puppy has done nothing after five or 10 minutes , follow the same routine , but once you are inside remain more watchful .
if the puppy has done nothing after five or 10 minutes , follow the same routine , but once you are inside [stay] more watchful .

The next stage is to persuade it to remain in position while you move away , with the leash lying on the ground .
the next stage is to persuade it to [stay] in position while you move away , with the leash lying on the ground .

After this period , however , they can remain viable for possibly years , and so heavy soil infestation is likely to build up in places where dogs congregate , such as public parks .
after this period , however , they can [stay] viable for possibly years , and so heavy soil infestation is likely to build up in places where dogs congregate , such as public parks .

If this is carried out after a period of exercise your dog may readily remain in this position since it may be relatively tired .
if this is carried out after a period of exercise your dog may readily [stay] in this position since it may be relatively tired .

It is a good idea to let the dog remain with you , however , preferably lying down at your feet .
it is a good idea to let the dog [stay] with you , however , preferably lying down at your feet .

Encourage the dog to remain close to you , away from the public thoroughfare as far as possible .
encourage the dog to [stay] close to you , away from the public thoroughfare as far as possible .

Clearly , it is most unpleasant to sit on the beach surrounded by dog excrement , and of course , above the high tide mark , it will remain here without being washed away by the sea .
clearly , it is most unpleasant to sit on the beach surrounded by dog excrement , and of course , above the high tide mark , it will [stay] here without being washed away by the sea .

To remain and confront the aggressors is not a viable alternative .
to [stay] and confront the aggressors is not a viable alternative .

The foster parents remain unconcerned as their own eggs or nestlings follow each other to the ground , even when they can see what is going on .
the foster parents [stay] unconcerned as their own eggs or nestlings follow each other to the ground , even when they can see what is going on .

Others are less successful and may get only a single female or even remain unmated .
others are less successful and may get only a single female or even [stay] unmated .

Males with little or no shade in their territory often remain unpaired .
males with little or no shade in their territory often [stay] unpaired .

At one extreme some males simply remain unpaired because they can not attract a female .
at one extreme some males simply [stay] unpaired because they can not attract a female .

Even when the soil is virtually dry , spadefoot toads can remain underground for prolonged periods by maintaining their blood concentration at the correct level .
even when the soil is virtually dry , spadefoot toads can [stay] underground for prolonged periods by maintaining their blood concentration at the correct level .

As a result , the genes for cannibalism would remain in the population .
as a result , the genes for cannibalism would [stay] in the population .

They will remain there in a state of torpor , patiently awaiting the return of the rains .
they will [stay] there in a state of torpor , patiently awaiting the return of the rains .

All amphibians shed their skin from time to time , but because the burrowing frog remains immobile once it is inside its burrow and cocoon formation has begun , the successive layers of shed skin remain attached to each other .
all amphibians shed their skin from time to time , but because the burrowing frog remains immobile once it is inside its burrow and cocoon formation has begun , the successive layers of shed skin [stay] attached to each other .

The eggs of most species are small , and although they do not contain a large supply of nutrients they remain viable for years at a time , mainly because the tiny embryo is in a resting state .
the eggs of most species are small , and although they do not contain a large supply of nutrients they [stay] viable for years at a time , mainly because the tiny embryo is in a resting state .

In the frog Atelopus the male and female remain in amplexus for several months .
in the frog atelopus the male and female [stay] in amplexus for several months .

Snow is a good insulator , and the temperature inside a snow cave will remain at just above freezing , regardless of the temperature outside .
snow is a good insulator , and the temperature inside a snow cave will [stay] at just above freezing , regardless of the temperature outside .

In fact , the young goat will remain beside its mother for at least a year .
in fact , the young goat will [stay] beside its mother for at least a year .

The constitution guaranteed that church-state relations would remain difficult and that this in turn would imperil Spain 's democratic experiment .
the constitution guaranteed that church-state relations would [stay] difficult and that this in turn would imperil spain 's democratic experiment .

Whatever secret he had been hoping to confide on that short walk to the House would remain for ever unspoken .
whatever secret he had been hoping to confide on that short walk to the house would [stay] for ever unspoken .

Many fine original features remain , the oak beams , the 16th-century wall paintings , and in the great hall , a huge fireplace which can take thirty-inch logs .
many fine original features [stay] , the oak beams , the 16th-century wall paintings , and in the great hall , a huge fireplace which can take thirty-inch logs .

Inside , several original features remain , including the stained glass windows , oak and rosewood panelling , and parquet flooring .
inside , several original features [stay] , including the stained glass windows , oak and rosewood panelling , and parquet flooring .

This century has brought the Pacific nations many hardships , and many difficulties and differences remain .
this century has brought the pacific nations many hardships , and many difficulties and differences [stay] .

The unprecedented economic achievements of the region have forced governments and firms in North America and Europe to re-examine their polities and practices to remain internationally competitive , and have led to predictions that the countries of the Asian Pacific Rim will eclipse North America and Europe as the centre of world , economic power and dynamism in the 21st century .
the unprecedented economic achievements of the region have forced governments and firms in north america and europe to re-examine their polities and practices to [stay] internationally competitive , and have led to predictions that the countries of the asian pacific rim will eclipse north america and europe as the centre of world , economic power and dynamism in the 21st century .

Beside the glitter of all the Pacific wealth there are still pockets — becoming ever smaller , the governments and their statisticians insist — where the unhappiness and squalor of the inhabitants remain an insult , a disfiguring blot on the Ocean 's otherwise gleaming escutcheon .
beside the glitter of all the pacific wealth there are still pockets — becoming ever smaller , the governments and their statisticians insist — where the unhappiness and squalor of the inhabitants [stay] an insult , a disfiguring blot on the ocean 's otherwise gleaming escutcheon .

But in contrast to the sturdy independence of the encircling nations , many of the island-groups within have still to shake off the mastery of foreign powers , and remain in subjugation .
but in contrast to the sturdy independence of the encircling nations , many of the island-groups within have still to shake off the mastery of foreign powers , and [stay] in subjugation .

For his sisters needed brotherly protection if they were to remain worthy to marry into the Ducas clan , and so in turn protect the future of the fallen d'Arquebus family .
for his sisters needed brotherly protection if they were to [stay] worthy to marry into the ducas clan , and so in turn protect the future of the fallen d'arquebus family .

He realized how huge was that flying fortress-monastery of the Imperial Fists where he would remain for at least several years .
he realized how huge was that flying fortress-monastery of the imperial fists where he would [stay] for at least several years .

Without this , the Node would remain inert .
without this , the node would [stay] inert .

Or a great space hulk might be reported drifting in the void or in the warp , harbouring suspected pirates or , worse , those fierce cunning invasive Genestealers which could infest a human world just as termites infest a house — so that it seems to remain firm timber until it crumbles apart .
or a great space hulk might be reported drifting in the void or in the warp , harbouring suspected pirates or , worse , those fierce cunning invasive genestealers which could infest a human world just as termites infest a house — so that it seems to [stay] firm timber until it crumbles apart .

‘ Thy hands remain with us always , Primarch .
‘ thy hands [stay] with us always , primarch .

Iosif 's tomb in The Kremlin Wall may be hard to find , but the camps remain as a headstone in perpetuity to his memory .
iosif 's tomb in the kremlin wall may be hard to find , but the camps [stay] as a headstone in perpetuity to his memory .

Where the planners and architects of Iosif first planted their stakes and hung their wire , there remain posts and fences and watch-towers with searchlights and traversing machine-guns .
where the planners and architects of iosif first planted their stakes and hung their wire , there [stay] posts and fences and watch-towers with searchlights and traversing machine-guns .

The Deputy Under Secretary could talk of his host 's prospects and disappointments , he could learn of the problems of digging out foreign exchange and hard currency in the Third World , the tribulations over the renewal of Residence Permits , the difficulties of keeping reliable servants , but of his own world he must remain silent .
the deputy under secretary could talk of his host 's prospects and disappointments , he could learn of the problems of digging out foreign exchange and hard currency in the third world , the tribulations over the renewal of residence permits , the difficulties of keeping reliable servants , but of his own world he must [stay] silent .

In a letter to Richard Bentley , a leading philosopher of the time , he agreed that a finite collection of stars could not remain motionless ; they would all fall together to some central point .
in a letter to richard bentley , a leading philosopher of the time , he agreed that a finite collection of stars could not [stay] motionless ; they would all fall together to some central point .

By using different ways to add up the forces on each star from the infinite number of other stars in the universe , one can get different answers to the question of whether the stars can remain at constant distances from each other .
by using different ways to add up the forces on each star from the infinite number of other stars in the universe , one can get different answers to the question of whether the stars can [stay] at constant distances from each other .

Local facilities such as libraries , swimming pools , tennis courts , further education classes , bingo , cinemas , pubs , working men 's clubs , parks , concerts and church services are , in theory , for the use of everyone , and if people with mental disorder live day in and day out inside the confines of a suburban house and never use such local facilities or participate in the life of the community , they might just as well remain behind the walls of an institution .
local facilities such as libraries , swimming pools , tennis courts , further education classes , bingo , cinemas , pubs , working men 's clubs , parks , concerts and church services are , in theory , for the use of everyone , and if people with mental disorder live day in and day out inside the confines of a suburban house and never use such local facilities or participate in the life of the community , they might just as well [stay] behind the walls of an institution .

He would never have been allowed to remain looking like that in the regimented environment of a long-stay ward , but the staff of the house were striving to apply their understanding of the principles of normalization .
he would never have been allowed to [stay] looking like that in the regimented environment of a long-stay ward , but the staff of the house were striving to apply their understanding of the principles of normalization .

Nevertheless , certain specific elements of good practice remain :
nevertheless , certain specific elements of good practice [stay] :

There remain , at the same time , two unsolved problems which have proved detrimental to the establishment of work schemes .
there [stay] , at the same time , two unsolved problems which have proved detrimental to the establishment of work schemes .

The dilemma for the voluntary sector is whether to expand their services and move to a more ‘ centre-stage ’ role in running and planning services or to remain as small , local , campaigning organizations .
the dilemma for the voluntary sector is whether to expand their services and move to a more ‘ centre-stage ’ role in running and planning services or to [stay] as small , local , campaigning organizations .

The third example is a young man who falls into the rare category of those who pose a serious threat to public safety , a threat which in some instances exists for only weeks or months , although occasionally a person may remain potentially dangerous for some years .
the third example is a young man who falls into the rare category of those who pose a serious threat to public safety , a threat which in some instances exists for only weeks or months , although occasionally a person may [stay] potentially dangerous for some years .

However , owners are under no compulsion to sell and although land may be identified for development , it may in fact remain undeveloped for many years .
however , owners are under no compulsion to sell and although land may be identified for development , it may in fact [stay] undeveloped for many years .

Land scheduled for development may remain undeveloped for many years , pending solutions to traffic problems .
land scheduled for development may [stay] undeveloped for many years , pending solutions to traffic problems .

It is , therefore , essential that the developer obtains the necessary easement or rights of way from the respective owners , when access roads are to remain unadopted .
it is , therefore , essential that the developer obtains the necessary easement or rights of way from the respective owners , when access roads are to [stay] unadopted .

If invoices remain unchecked after the 14th of the month they will be excluded from the monthly close down of the cost accounts , treated as late invoices and costed to the following month .
if invoices [stay] unchecked after the 14th of the month they will be excluded from the monthly close down of the cost accounts , treated as late invoices and costed to the following month .

But the hooker will ravenously remain , on the sidewalk , in tanktop , in hotpants , killing time before her next date .
but the hooker will ravenously [stay] , on the sidewalk , in tanktop , in hotpants , killing time before her next date .

Relations between the Meskhetians and the Uzbek majority had been strained for some time , largely as a result of the poor housing and other conditions in which the Meskhetians had been forced to remain ( many still lived in shanty towns , and levels of unemployment were higher than elsewhere in the republic ) .
relations between the meskhetians and the uzbek majority had been strained for some time , largely as a result of the poor housing and other conditions in which the meskhetians had been forced to [stay] ( many still lived in shanty towns , and levels of unemployment were higher than elsewhere in the republic ) .

His acceptance speech , in March 1985 , promised that the strategy worked out by the 26th Party Congress — over which Brezhnev had presided — and at subsequent meetings of the Central Committee would remain unchanged : a policy of the ‘ acceleration of the country 's socioeconomic development [ and ] the perfection of all aspects of the life of the society ’ .
his acceptance speech , in march 1985 , promised that the strategy worked out by the 26th party congress — over which brezhnev had presided — and at subsequent meetings of the central committee would [stay] unchanged : a policy of the ‘ acceleration of the country 's socioeconomic development [ and ] the perfection of all aspects of the life of the society ’ .

Bathsheba could not remain angry for long with someone who admired her as much as he obviously did .
bathsheba could not [stay] angry for long with someone who admired her as much as he obviously did .

As he rode into the tent , he was careful to keep his face away from her , and remain wrapped in his cloak .
as he rode into the tent , he was careful to keep his face away from her , and [stay] wrapped in his cloak .

‘ Yes , ’ replied Monks . ‘ And you promise — it 'll remain a secret ? No police , or charges of fraud against me ? ’
‘ yes , ’ replied monks . ‘ and you promise — it 'll [stay] a secret ? no police , or charges of fraud against me ? ’

For now , you must remain here , locked in this room .
for now , you must [stay] here , locked in this room .

This creates a kink in the firm 's perceived demand curve at its current price-output pair ( the levels of which are , however , unexplained ) which then tends to remain the same despite changes in marginal cost , because of a discontinuity in the firm 's marginal revenue at the kink .
this creates a kink in the firm 's perceived demand curve at its current price-output pair ( the levels of which are , however , unexplained ) which then tends to [stay] the same despite changes in marginal cost , because of a discontinuity in the firm 's marginal revenue at the kink .

Your argument presupposes that it does not matter who rules — that things will remain as they are whoever is in power .
your argument presupposes that it does not matter who rules — that things will [stay] as they are whoever is in power .

He could not for the life of him understand why they should wish to remain inside the cottage while the Domain was dusted with poisons .
he could not for the life of him understand why they should wish to [stay] inside the cottage while the domain was dusted with poisons .

He had hoped to remain out of their way and gain some thinking time .
he had hoped to [stay] out of their way and gain some thinking time .

Little Marjorie Postine had refused all offers , and seemed content to remain up in her room all day , with the curtains drawn .
little marjorie postine had refused all offers , and seemed content to [stay] up in her room all day , with the curtains drawn .

She pulled it frantically to no avail , then forced herself to remain calm and sat up .
she pulled it frantically to no avail , then forced herself to [stay] calm and sat up .

We shall destroy the parasites that remain as the General would have wished !
we shall destroy the parasites that [stay] as the general would have wished !

Like all the English structures suggested above for expressing Chinese-style topics , they remain far more restricted than the normal topic-comment structure in languages such as Chinese and Korean .
like all the english structures suggested above for expressing chinese-style topics , they [stay] far more restricted than the normal topic-comment structure in languages such as chinese and korean .

In fact , more often than not the fieldworker took the initiative in this matter ; investigators who build up long-term relationships with communities frequently hear and record material which they would prefer to remain ignorant about .
in fact , more often than not the fieldworker took the initiative in this matter ; investigators who build up long-term relationships with communities frequently hear and record material which they would prefer to [stay] ignorant about .

It was noted in 3.5 that long-term participant observation , as a consequence both of the relationship of trust which is built up and of a person 's inability to remain vigilant for long periods , has the effect of blurring the distinction between covert and overt observation .
it was noted in 3.5 that long-term participant observation , as a consequence both of the relationship of trust which is built up and of a person 's inability to [stay] vigilant for long periods , has the effect of blurring the distinction between covert and overt observation .

Photographers also take advantage of the inability of persons to remain constantly vigilant , often introducing themselves into a situation many hours before they attempt to take pictures ( Greenhill et al .
photographers also take advantage of the inability of persons to [stay] constantly vigilant , often introducing themselves into a situation many hours before they attempt to take pictures ( greenhill et al .

Horvath 's re-graphing of some of Labov 's data in terms of ‘ natural ’ linguistic groupings even suggests that sex should take precedence over class as the major speaker variable ; she remarks that ‘ if social class is seen to take precedence , then these other social dimensions might remain hidden or only dimly perceived ’ ( Horvath 1985 : 64 ) .
horvath 's re-graphing of some of labov 's data in terms of ‘ natural ’ linguistic groupings even suggests that sex should take precedence over class as the major speaker variable ; she remarks that ‘ if social class is seen to take precedence , then these other social dimensions might [stay] hidden or only dimly perceived ’ ( horvath 1985 : 64 ) .

Nonetheless , these broad relationships remain permissive rather than causal and , although rural recreation studies have produced remarkably concurrent findings , as outlined earlier in this chapter , while these relationships remain permissive it is still fair to ask if rural recreation geography has come of age .
nonetheless , these broad relationships [stay] permissive rather than causal and , although rural recreation studies have produced remarkably concurrent findings , as outlined earlier in this chapter , while these relationships [stay] permissive it is still fair to ask if rural recreation geography has come of age .

In a typical 16th century English charter party the owner of the vessel acknowledged , directly or through the ship 's master , that : 1 ) he had let the ship and promised to prepare it , by a fixed date , to take in the goods provided by the charterer ; 2 ) the ship would sail with the first convenient wind to the stipulated port ; 3 ) in accordance with a receipt or bill of lading he would deliver the goods in good condition to the designated person ; 4 ) the ship would remain at that port for a fixed period to take in such goods as the charter party nominee party needed to reload , and that the ship would then return to the port of origin , and deliver the reloaded goods in good condition ; and 5 ) the crew would be as described , and would be furnished with the proper gear .
in a typical 16th century english charter party the owner of the vessel acknowledged , directly or through the ship 's master , that : 1 ) he had let the ship and promised to prepare it , by a fixed date , to take in the goods provided by the charterer ; 2 ) the ship would sail with the first convenient wind to the stipulated port ; 3 ) in accordance with a receipt or bill of lading he would deliver the goods in good condition to the designated person ; 4 ) the ship would [stay] at that port for a fixed period to take in such goods as the charter party nominee party needed to reload , and that the ship would then return to the port of origin , and deliver the reloaded goods in good condition ; and 5 ) the crew would be as described , and would be furnished with the proper gear .

Once third party rights are likely to be affected , as in the case of secured transactions or open market bona fide purchases , the information flowing from the carrier to the consignor-beneficiary of the letter of credit , and from the latter to the issuing or confirming bank can no longer remain private .
once third party rights are likely to be affected , as in the case of secured transactions or open market bona fide purchases , the information flowing from the carrier to the consignor-beneficiary of the letter of credit , and from the latter to the issuing or confirming bank can no longer [stay] private .

Yet even with this verdict , moral problems still remain .
yet even with this verdict , moral problems still [stay] .

Social class inequalities , however , remain as strong as ever despite the enormous growth in education provision and expenditure .
social class inequalities , however , [stay] as strong as ever despite the enormous growth in education provision and expenditure .

He went on to say that the unanimous view of the High Court judges in Scotland was that the Scottish courts should remain the responsibility of the United Kingdom and not become the responsibility of the Scottish Assembly .
he went on to say that the unanimous view of the high court judges in scotland was that the scottish courts should [stay] the responsibility of the united kingdom and not become the responsibility of the scottish assembly .

While Mills and Boon themselves rigorously deny that they produce ‘ formula fiction ’ , they remain unique as a publishing house .
while mills and boon themselves rigorously deny that they produce ‘ formula fiction ’ , they [stay] unique as a publishing house .

Whether stated or unstated , these conventions remain true for all Mills and Boon , Silhouette , and Harlequin romances . The conventions are so rigorous that any break with them would require a new genre ; the editorial leaflet makes this clear enough :
whether stated or unstated , these conventions [stay] true for all mills and boon , silhouette , and harlequin romances . the conventions are so rigorous that any break with them would require a new genre ; the editorial leaflet makes this clear enough :

Female sexuality , it seems , is still defined as ‘ natural ’ ; women remain ‘ the sex ’ .
female sexuality , it seems , is still defined as ‘ natural ’ ; women [stay] ‘ the sex ’ .

However , rapid changes are sweeping the sector and trends remain flexible .
however , rapid changes are sweeping the sector and trends [stay] flexible .

Popular movements did not of course remain outside the influence of market forces .
popular movements did not of course [stay] outside the influence of market forces .

Much of the vessel is often black , and there seems a desire to emphasise the sharply defined contours which is to remain a feature of Greek ceramics , and mutatis mutandis of Greek art in general .
much of the vessel is often black , and there seems a desire to emphasise the sharply defined contours which is to [stay] a feature of greek ceramics , and mutatis mutandis of greek art in general .

Protogeometric is tentatively imitated or paralleled in other parts of Greece , and the fully developed Geometric of the succeeding centuries becomes a universal Greek style ; but it is in Attica that the development can be most clearly seen , and all other Geometric pottery-styles remain provincial beside Attic .
protogeometric is tentatively imitated or paralleled in other parts of greece , and the fully developed geometric of the succeeding centuries becomes a universal greek style ; but it is in attica that the development can be most clearly seen , and all other geometric pottery-styles [stay] provincial beside attic .

There are many variations , but plan and elevations remain fundamentally unchanged in the great temples of the fifth century : of Zeus at Olympia ( plan fig .
there are many variations , but plan and elevations [stay] fundamentally unchanged in the great temples of the fifth century : of zeus at olympia ( plan fig .

Such are the temples of Hera on Samos , Artemis at Ephesus and Apollo at Didyma near Miletus ; the last two with sculpture of which only tantalising scraps remain .
such are the temples of hera on samos , artemis at ephesus and apollo at didyma near miletus ; the last two with sculpture of which only tantalising scraps [stay] .

The proportion of the population over 65 will remain more or less constant until after the turn of the century , giving a respite in which to acquire knowledge and formulate policies .
the proportion of the population over 65 will [stay] more or less constant until after the turn of the century , giving a respite in which to acquire knowledge and formulate policies .

As regards the cost implications of these shifts , although the over-85s are heavier users of costly services than younger age groups , the heaviest financial cost of the elderly arises from pensions not from services and , to repeat , the total pensionable age group will remain stable for the next two decades .
as regards the cost implications of these shifts , although the over-85s are heavier users of costly services than younger age groups , the heaviest financial cost of the elderly arises from pensions not from services and , to repeat , the total pensionable age group will [stay] stable for the next two decades .

The proportion of the population over pensionable age is projected to remain more or less level between now and the end of the century , indeed to decline somewhat around the turn of the century and then to rise again in the early years of the twenty-first century when the larger birth cohorts of the war and post-war years move into their sixties ( see figure 5.1 ) .
the proportion of the population over pensionable age is projected to [stay] more or less level between now and the end of the century , indeed to decline somewhat around the turn of the century and then to rise again in the early years of the twenty-first century when the larger birth cohorts of the war and post-war years move into their sixties ( see figure 5.1 ) .

Extensive work by gerontologists on service provision for old people and their responses to it suggest that cheaper alternatives to some costly services might enable more of the elderly to remain fitter and independent of institutions for longer .
extensive work by gerontologists on service provision for old people and their responses to it suggest that cheaper alternatives to some costly services might enable more of the elderly to [stay] fitter and independent of institutions for longer .

The overall number of those above pension age in Great Britain is expected to remain very close to 10 million for the next 20 years .
the overall number of those above pension age in great britain is expected to [stay] very close to 10 million for the next 20 years .

This increase is particularly impressive since the decline in marriage rates in the 1970s would have been expected to reduce household formation among young people , since historically young married couples have tended to set up their own households , and young single people to remain with their parents .
this increase is particularly impressive since the decline in marriage rates in the 1970s would have been expected to reduce household formation among young people , since historically young married couples have tended to set up their own households , and young single people to [stay] with their parents .

Men 's and women 's jobs remain largely separate .
men 's and women 's jobs [stay] largely separate .

Although the most recent data available to us were collected in early 1978 , just before the survey members reached the age of 32 in March 1978 , their analysis should remain relevant in the 1980s in the light of the stagnation in the relative pay of men and women since then .
although the most recent data available to us were collected in early 1978 , just before the survey members reached the age of 32 in march 1978 , their analysis should [stay] relevant in the 1980s in the light of the stagnation in the relative pay of men and women since then .

Formations of the more modern kinds may be seen to occur , typically , at points of transition and intersection within a complex social history , but the individuals who at once compose the formations and are composed by them have a further complex range of diverse positions , interests and influences , some of which are resolved ( if at times only temporarily ) by the formations , others of which remain as internal differences , as tensions , and often as the grounds for subsequent divergences , breakaways , breakups and further attempted formations .
formations of the more modern kinds may be seen to occur , typically , at points of transition and intersection within a complex social history , but the individuals who at once compose the formations and are composed by them have a further complex range of diverse positions , interests and influences , some of which are resolved ( if at times only temporarily ) by the formations , others of which [stay] as internal differences , as tensions , and often as the grounds for subsequent divergences , breakaways , breakups and further attempted formations .

These remain ‘ magico-religious ’ while they are offered as , in this area , objectively real , transcendent and demanding belief .
these [stay] ‘ magico-religious ’ while they are offered as , in this area , objectively real , transcendent and demanding belief .

The second is that the name of the person who has been so generous to you must remain a secret , until that person chooses to tell you .
the second is that the name of the person who has been so generous to you must [stay] a secret , until that person chooses to tell you .

Besides all of that , Beth reminded herself that she had the love of a good man ; although , sadly , she could never return his love , she was bound to remain by his side until the end of her days .
besides all of that , beth reminded herself that she had the love of a good man ; although , sadly , she could never return his love , she was bound to [stay] by his side until the end of her days .

This is not too difficult to understand for the ‘ second agricultural revolution ’ has brought about a drastic decline in the number of agricultural workers since the war and has left those who remain more isolated and scattered throughout the countryside as a result .
this is not too difficult to understand for the ‘ second agricultural revolution ’ has brought about a drastic decline in the number of agricultural workers since the war and has left those who [stay] more isolated and scattered throughout the countryside as a result .

His conditions have gradually improved , but his pay and his status remain ( when compared with the rest of the population ) relatively poor .
his conditions have gradually improved , but his pay and his status [stay] ( when compared with the rest of the population ) relatively poor .

Undoubtedly the people left behind can experience immense dislocation , amounting in extreme cases to complete social and economic dereliction , but with no economic base to support a larger rural population , conditions would have been worse if those who moved to the towns had chosen to remain in the countryside .
undoubtedly the people left behind can experience immense dislocation , amounting in extreme cases to complete social and economic dereliction , but with no economic base to support a larger rural population , conditions would have been worse if those who moved to the towns had chosen to [stay] in the countryside .

On arable farms , traditionally the most labour-intensive section of the industry and now the most capital-intensive , the changes wrought by technological innovation have not only resulted in a reduction in the number of workers , but a dramatic decrease in the division of labour among those that remain .
on arable farms , traditionally the most labour-intensive section of the industry and now the most capital-intensive , the changes wrought by technological innovation have not only resulted in a reduction in the number of workers , but a dramatic decrease in the division of labour among those that [stay] .

Even if he is working in a field with other workers the sense of isolation can remain , for the noise and the increased pace of work hardly lend themselves to easy conversation between workmates .
even if he is working in a field with other workers the sense of isolation can [stay] , for the noise and the increased pace of work hardly lend themselves to easy conversation between workmates .

One reason why farm workers ' wages remain so comparatively low is that the demand for labour within agriculture has been declining as a result of mechanization-Indeed , the prospect of more expensive labour has often been sufficient to stimulate farmers to engage in a further round of mechanization so that both the supply and the demand for labour have chased each other down in an ever-decreasing spiral .
one reason why farm workers ' wages [stay] so comparatively low is that the demand for labour within agriculture has been declining as a result of mechanization-indeed , the prospect of more expensive labour has often been sufficient to stimulate farmers to engage in a further round of mechanization so that both the supply and the demand for labour have chased each other down in an ever-decreasing spiral .

The problems of creating a strong union , as the union leadership is fully aware , remain enormous — indeed in some respects they have increased .
the problems of creating a strong union , as the union leadership is fully aware , [stay] enormous — indeed in some respects they have increased .

Many areas , such as Norfolk , which remain highly unionized continue also to contain some of the lowest-paid agricultural workers in the country .
many areas , such as norfolk , which [stay] highly unionized continue also to contain some of the lowest-paid agricultural workers in the country .

In this way the traditionally placid exterior of social relations in the English countryside was allowed to remain undisturbed .
in this way the traditionally placid exterior of social relations in the english countryside was allowed to [stay] undisturbed .

Having come to the village with certain expectations they may only see what they expect to find and , since the local working population has long been used to avoiding overt conflict in the face of those who have the capacity to create trouble for them , the superficial calm of village life may remain .
having come to the village with certain expectations they may only see what they expect to find and , since the local working population has long been used to avoiding overt conflict in the face of those who have the capacity to create trouble for them , the superficial calm of village life may [stay] .

It therefore becomes easy for the ideal of village life to remain among the newcomers , even though the reality for the locals may be very different .
it therefore becomes easy for the ideal of village life to [stay] among the newcomers , even though the reality for the locals may be very different .

The locals find they must leave , while houses in their village remain locked and empty for months at a time .
the locals find they must leave , while houses in their village [stay] locked and empty for months at a time .

Local amenity societies and conservation groups therefore frequently oppose their construction — ; and all too often the houses remain unbuilt .
local amenity societies and conservation groups therefore frequently oppose their construction — ; and all too often the houses [stay] unbuilt .

In areas of population pressure a further rationale has been to ‘ write off ’ certain selected villages from a preservationist point of view and sacrifice them to expansion so that surrounding villages may remain ‘ unspoilt ’ .
in areas of population pressure a further rationale has been to ‘ write off ’ certain selected villages from a preservationist point of view and sacrifice them to expansion so that surrounding villages may [stay] ‘ unspoilt ’ .

In some villages the occupational community has been reconstituted in an attenuated form on the council housing estate or among the tied cottages of the ‘ farm-centred ’ community , but in either case a new dichotomy has emerged between those who have chosen to live in the countryside and those who remain there because of their employment or some other force of circumstances .
in some villages the occupational community has been reconstituted in an attenuated form on the council housing estate or among the tied cottages of the ‘ farm-centred ’ community , but in either case a new dichotomy has emerged between those who have chosen to live in the countryside and those who [stay] there because of their employment or some other force of circumstances .

For example , a study of the Sussex village of Ringmer by Peter Ambrose , The Quiet Revolution , has suggested this pattern , but as yet his findings remain unconfirmed elsewhere .
for example , a study of the sussex village of ringmer by peter ambrose , the quiet revolution , has suggested this pattern , but as yet his findings [stay] unconfirmed elsewhere .

Moreover , former farm workers and other locals who have ceased to work in the village but who remain resident there and commute to nearby towns , may also involve themselves in leisure activities over a much wider geographical area than hitherto .
moreover , former farm workers and other locals who have ceased to work in the village but who [stay] resident there and commute to nearby towns , may also involve themselves in leisure activities over a much wider geographical area than hitherto .

Rather than remain uninvolved in village activities and risking the accusation of being ‘ stand-offish ’ , many of them enthusiastically throw themselves into the life of the community , provoking the opposite complaint from the local population of ‘ wanting to take the place over ’ .
rather than [stay] uninvolved in village activities and risking the accusation of being ‘ stand-offish ’ , many of them enthusiastically throw themselves into the life of the community , provoking the opposite complaint from the local population of ‘ wanting to take the place over ’ .

As long as this aesthetic appreciation does not coincide with profitable necessity then this conflict will remain .
as long as this aesthetic appreciation does not coincide with profitable necessity then this conflict will [stay] .

The distinctions are not , of course , quite as clearcut as this , since considerable local variations remain , particularly around urban centres and on the very poor soils of little agricultural significance .
the distinctions are not , of course , quite as clearcut as this , since considerable local variations [stay] , particularly around urban centres and on the very poor soils of little agricultural significance .

It is both unfair and unrealistic to expect those who remain to make further sacrifices in order to service the sensibilities of visitors .
it is both unfair and unrealistic to expect those who [stay] to make further sacrifices in order to service the sensibilities of visitors .

‘ We began this volume with two basic questions : what is stigma and why does stigma remain ?
‘ we began this volume with two basic questions : what is stigma and why does stigma [stay] ?

Its accounts , however accurate at this level , remain stuck at this preliminary stage of scientific enquiry .
its accounts , however accurate at this level , [stay] stuck at this preliminary stage of scientific enquiry .

In pressure-group politics the struggle for civil rights is controlled by the active few , while the mass of disabled people remain in their traditional passive relationship to others .
in pressure-group politics the struggle for civil rights is controlled by the active few , while the mass of disabled people [stay] in their traditional passive relationship to others .

One in which we are all exhorted to approximate to the walkie-talkie model of living , where physical and social environments remain unchanged and unchanging .
one in which we are all exhorted to approximate to the walkie-talkie model of living , where physical and social environments [stay] unchanged and unchanging .

Two steps back : the barriers remain in place
two steps back : the barriers [stay] in place

People will remain disabled and dependent until they have access to the public transport systems which exclude them .
people will [stay] disabled and dependent until they have access to the public transport systems which exclude them .

In spite of the relatively poor understanding of disability in medical and hospital practice , health professionals can not remain aloof .
in spite of the relatively poor understanding of disability in medical and hospital practice , health professionals can not [stay] aloof .

‘ The few years that remain to me ?
‘ the few years that [stay] to me ?

Three issues remain for consideration in this chapter .
three issues [stay] for consideration in this chapter .

Another result is that firms make ‘ supernormal ’ profits ( profits in excess of those necessary to induce them to remain in the industry ) at consumers ' expense .
another result is that firms make ‘ supernormal ’ profits ( profits in excess of those necessary to induce them to [stay] in the industry ) at consumers ' expense .

In the meantime the discussion will largely remain within the shareholder-centred conception of business enterprise , and during the course of the next seven chapters it will be considered whether in practice the mechanisms of shareholder control , particularly against a background of widely dispersed holdings , are adequate to promote satisfactory levels of corporate efficiency .
in the meantime the discussion will largely [stay] within the shareholder-centred conception of business enterprise , and during the course of the next seven chapters it will be considered whether in practice the mechanisms of shareholder control , particularly against a background of widely dispersed holdings , are adequate to promote satisfactory levels of corporate efficiency .

The weakness of shareholder control results , in short , from the ‘ logic of collective action ’ : while the shareholders as a group would benefit if their rights of control over management were exercised , it is rational for the members individually to remain passive .
the weakness of shareholder control results , in short , from the ‘ logic of collective action ’ : while the shareholders as a group would benefit if their rights of control over management were exercised , it is rational for the members individually to [stay] passive .

‘ And you 'll remain bent over until you 've received all the strokes .
‘ and you 'll [stay] bent over until you 've received all the strokes .

Now there was no need to remain silent .
now there was no need to [stay] silent .

‘ And you want it to remain that way ? ’
‘ and you want it to [stay] that way ? ’

Much of the rest of this chapter shows how to minimize the number of synonyms , and to reduce the effect of those that remain .
much of the rest of this chapter shows how to minimize the number of synonyms , and to reduce the effect of those that [stay] .

Access data is only useful when records remain relatively constant in their activity .
access data is only useful when records [stay] relatively constant in their activity .

This often happens , as large customers will always remain more ‘ active ’ than small customers , and some lines of stock are consistently required more frequently than others .
this often happens , as large customers will always [stay] more ‘ active ’ than small customers , and some lines of stock are consistently required more frequently than others .

This can be allocated by allowing a number of control intervals to remain entirely empty , by leaving space at the end of every control interval that contains data records , or by a combination of both techniques .
this can be allocated by allowing a number of control intervals to [stay] entirely empty , by leaving space at the end of every control interval that contains data records , or by a combination of both techniques .

Men remain themselves if they stay honest .
men [stay] themselves if they stay honest .

As she wished to remain a virgin , she refused .
as she wished to [stay] a virgin , she refused .

The framers of the American Constitution also had these objects in mind , but on top of that they had to provide for the desire of the thirteen colonies to be united for some purposes only and to remain independent for others .
the framers of the american constitution also had these objects in mind , but on top of that they had to provide for the desire of the thirteen colonies to be united for some purposes only and to [stay] independent for others .

Whilst Hobbes described the rational structure of such a concentration of power and developed it into a veritable philosophy of power , Locke , taking up the challenge , demanded that the exercise of this power , although it was derived from the ultimate and unified source of all power the people remain divided by virtue of a fundamental decision .
whilst hobbes described the rational structure of such a concentration of power and developed it into a veritable philosophy of power , locke , taking up the challenge , demanded that the exercise of this power , although it was derived from the ultimate and unified source of all power the people [stay] divided by virtue of a fundamental decision .

Nevertheless in some of the larger prisons such as those at Liverpool , Durham and Leeds , congregations remain large .
nevertheless in some of the larger prisons such as those at liverpool , durham and leeds , congregations [stay] large .

Both sides , however , agree that ‘ while poor standards prevail , competent musicians will not be interested in working for the Church , and standards will consequently continue to remain low , .
both sides , however , agree that ‘ while poor standards prevail , competent musicians will not be interested in working for the church , and standards will consequently continue to [stay] low , .

Keyboard studies remain paramount for about a third of music college undergraduates although opportunities are provided for the learning of a second instrument or singing .
keyboard studies [stay] paramount for about a third of music college undergraduates although opportunities are provided for the learning of a second instrument or singing .

Electronic organs can also be fine-tuned to match other instruments , and because they always remain in tune there are no tuning costs to be incurred .
electronic organs can also be fine-tuned to match other instruments , and because they always [stay] in tune there are no tuning costs to be incurred .

Hymn lists differ little from year to year and music programmes remain unadventurous .
hymn lists differ little from year to year and music programmes [stay] unadventurous .

Assuming that the organ is likely to remain the most common instrument for worship , the Commission urges parishes and dioceses to set up schemes to encourage people to learn the organ .
assuming that the organ is likely to [stay] the most common instrument for worship , the commission urges parishes and dioceses to set up schemes to encourage people to learn the organ .

This Report has already pointed out that something more than singing and playing may lie needed if boys and girls are to remain part of a choir or music group .
this report has already pointed out that something more than singing and playing may lie needed if boys and girls are to [stay] part of a choir or music group .

However , while most teachers of English in our universities believe , or appear to believe , that there is an unspoken consensus about what constitutes ‘ quality ’ in the practice of English , then this rift will remain unresolved .
however , while most teachers of english in our universities believe , or appear to believe , that there is an unspoken consensus about what constitutes ‘ quality ’ in the practice of english , then this rift will [stay] unresolved .

Even then , the hill areas occupied by the frontier tribes would remain under ‘ a special regime under the Governor ’ .
even then , the hill areas occupied by the frontier tribes would [stay] under ‘ a special regime under the governor ’ .

He was to remain there for a further six years .
he was to [stay] there for a further six years .

This strategy has at different points in time involved the abolition of certain benefits , a reduction in the numbers eligible to those that remain , the curtailment of the rate of increase in the value of benefits and real cuts in their financial worth .
this strategy has at different points in time involved the abolition of certain benefits , a reduction in the numbers eligible to those that [stay] , the curtailment of the rate of increase in the value of benefits and real cuts in their financial worth .

the structural reform will create 3,650,000 losers ( i.e. their income will be lower than it would have been if the old system had continued and been up-rated in the normal way , and there had been no transitional protection ) compared with 3,190,000 gainers ( the Government claims that 5,000,070 gained ) while 1,680,000 people remain unaffected . ( Social Security Changes , April 1988 , House of Commons Library Research Note 385 , 1988 , p. 10 )
the structural reform will create 3,650,000 losers ( i.e. their income will be lower than it would have been if the old system had continued and been up-rated in the normal way , and there had been no transitional protection ) compared with 3,190,000 gainers ( the government claims that 5,000,070 gained ) while 1,680,000 people [stay] unaffected . ( social security changes , april 1988 , house of commons library research note 385 , 1988 , p. 10 )

Industrial training is too crucial a question for politicians to remain ignorant about the issues involved .
industrial training is too crucial a question for politicians to [stay] ignorant about the issues involved .

On the other hand , the generally low ‘ compliance observability ’ of the teaching-learning process means that a good deal of power and influence is likely always to remain with those who actually operate the system , i.e .
on the other hand , the generally low ‘ compliance observability ’ of the teaching-learning process means that a good deal of power and influence is likely always to [stay] with those who actually operate the system , i.e .

( The Scottish Central Institutions remain under the aegis of the Scottish Education Department . )
( the scottish central institutions [stay] under the aegis of the scottish education department . )

Even if such an institution were established , it is unlikely that it would remain truly anarchic for long .
even if such an institution were established , it is unlikely that it would [stay] truly anarchic for long .

It shows why philosophy may penetrate so many disciplines and yet remain a distinct discipline itself .
it shows why philosophy may penetrate so many disciplines and yet [stay] a distinct discipline itself .

These defensive routines are organisational in the sense that individuals with different personalities behave in the same way ; and people leave and new ones come into the organisation , yet the defensive routines remain intact .
these defensive routines are organisational in the sense that individuals with different personalities behave in the same way ; and people leave and new ones come into the organisation , yet the defensive routines [stay] intact .

Yet to remain competitive — maybe even to survive — they will have to convert themselves into information-based organizations , and fairly quickly .
yet to [stay] competitive — maybe even to survive — they will have to convert themselves into information-based organizations , and fairly quickly .

Organizations in this environment must pay attention to flexibility , quality and asset utilization to remain competitive .
organizations in this environment must pay attention to flexibility , quality and asset utilization to [stay] competitive .

However , to the extent that our assumptions for thinking about them remain within the framework which derives from Weberian thought , we may well not recognize them for what they may be .
however , to the extent that our assumptions for thinking about them [stay] within the framework which derives from weberian thought , we may well not recognize them for what they may be .

Therefore , the emphasis of the present discussion is not upon whether the individuals benefit psychologically from being members of the Young Conservatives : it can be assumed that those who remain members do so because they enjoy being so .
therefore , the emphasis of the present discussion is not upon whether the individuals benefit psychologically from being members of the young conservatives : it can be assumed that those who [stay] members do so because they enjoy being so .

As Harris ( 1972 ) has written in his analysis of British conservatism , ‘ the aura of Conservatism must remain ambiguous , for intellectual clarity — that is , the clear expression of one set of interests before all others — is the enemy of cooperation between diverse groups , ( pp .
as harris ( 1972 ) has written in his analysis of british conservatism , ‘ the aura of conservatism must [stay] ambiguous , for intellectual clarity — that is , the clear expression of one set of interests before all others — is the enemy of cooperation between diverse groups , ( pp .

When partners leave the partnership they remain personally liable for all debts incurred during the period of their membership .
when partners leave the partnership they [stay] personally liable for all debts incurred during the period of their membership .

The private company was the favoured form of enterprise where the membership of the company was to remain small , and there was a wish to restrict the transferability of share , e.g .
the private company was the favoured form of enterprise where the membership of the company was to [stay] small , and there was a wish to restrict the transferability of share , e.g .

Equally , certain places such as public rooms or staircases remain in the occupancy of the hotel throughout .
equally , certain places such as public rooms or staircases [stay] in the occupancy of the hotel throughout .

However , since the presence of the deceased on the premises was in direct contravention of an express instruction issued by the brewery to their manager , the brewery were not liable ; his permission to remain on the premises had ceased at closing time , 10.30 p.m .
however , since the presence of the deceased on the premises was in direct contravention of an express instruction issued by the brewery to their manager , the brewery were not liable ; his permission to [stay] on the premises had ceased at closing time , 10.30 p.m .

The artefact may be used to promote fine distinctions through its relation to extremely sophisticated mechanisms or perceptual discrimination which tend to remain outside of consciousness .
the artefact may be used to promote fine distinctions through its relation to extremely sophisticated mechanisms or perceptual discrimination which tend to [stay] outside of consciousness .

The thousands of varieties of European shirts may differ in terms of button types and collar lengths , but they remain recognizable as shirts as opposed to garments used in other cultures for an identical functional purpose ; and this is because the manufacturers , as it were , agree to differ with respect to these specific and limited dimensions .
the thousands of varieties of european shirts may differ in terms of button types and collar lengths , but they [stay] recognizable as shirts as opposed to garments used in other cultures for an identical functional purpose ; and this is because the manufacturers , as it were , agree to differ with respect to these specific and limited dimensions .

The process of signification between material object and social station in this situation strives to remain relatively uncomplex and controlled .
the process of signification between material object and social station in this situation strives to [stay] relatively uncomplex and controlled .

Unemployment and low wages will mean low local buying power , infrastructure of all kinds will remain relatively undeveloped , and low rates of investment will hold back technical progress thus further disadvantaging the region .
unemployment and low wages will mean low local buying power , infrastructure of all kinds will [stay] relatively undeveloped , and low rates of investment will hold back technical progress thus further disadvantaging the region .

In short , we remain with the division between sectors of the economy — between manufacturing and service industries — and between enterprises in the economy — between service companies and institutions .
in short , we [stay] with the division between sectors of the economy — between manufacturing and service industries — and between enterprises in the economy — between service companies and institutions .

While greater demands are , from time to time , made for the right to assess public information , attend meetings and , more generally observe and question the machinery of state , successive governments remain preoccupied with administrative rather than public accountability .
while greater demands are , from time to time , made for the right to assess public information , attend meetings and , more generally observe and question the machinery of state , successive governments [stay] preoccupied with administrative rather than public accountability .

The suppliers of debt finance receive their return by way of fixed interest payments , while those that supply equity funds have claims over the residual finds which remain after all other payments ( including interest payments ) have been made .
the suppliers of debt finance receive their return by way of fixed interest payments , while those that supply equity funds have claims over the residual finds which [stay] after all other payments ( including interest payments ) have been made .

At present the majority of audit appointments remain with the district audit service , whose statutory responsibilities were transferred from the Department of the Environment to the Commission .
at present the majority of audit appointments [stay] with the district audit service , whose statutory responsibilities were transferred from the department of the environment to the commission .

The role of internal audit is to ensure that these arrangements are implemented and that they remain satisfactory .
the role of internal audit is to ensure that these arrangements are implemented and that they [stay] satisfactory .

Assuming for the moment we have reached an organizational utopia , and we have a good strategy , driven by a charismatic leader , within a framework that is encouraging , there still remain further thorny problems of implementation .
assuming for the moment we have reached an organizational utopia , and we have a good strategy , driven by a charismatic leader , within a framework that is encouraging , there still [stay] further thorny problems of implementation .

An analysis of some of the visionary leaders we have encountered in our research suggests that individual leaders exhibit characteristic styles in which certain of these capacities are salient , while the others , though present , remain secondary .
an analysis of some of the visionary leaders we have encountered in our research suggests that individual leaders exhibit characteristic styles in which certain of these capacities are salient , while the others , though present , [stay] secondary .

Lacking any real context , unattached to any larger understanding of why relationships between managers and workers matter , the prescriptions often remain shallow and are treated as such .
lacking any real context , unattached to any larger understanding of why relationships between managers and workers matter , the prescriptions often [stay] shallow and are treated as such .

Unless a firm can upgrade its products and services to remain ahead of the competition , the margin of profitability will be significantly reduced with attendant loss of market share .
unless a firm can upgrade its products and services to [stay] ahead of the competition , the margin of profitability will be significantly reduced with attendant loss of market share .

In well-designed organizations , the ability to change and remain dynamic is a key ingredient of continued competitiveness .
in well-designed organizations , the ability to change and [stay] dynamic is a key ingredient of continued competitiveness .

The liberty-authority axis : authoritarian family structures are those in which children remain within an extended group with their parents after marriage , whereas liberal structures have adolescents leaving to form independent households on marriage .
the liberty-authority axis : authoritarian family structures are those in which children [stay] within an extended group with their parents after marriage , whereas liberal structures have adolescents leaving to form independent households on marriage .

In particular , for reasons that will be taken up below , the Nottinghamshire miners decided to remain at work .
in particular , for reasons that will be taken up below , the nottinghamshire miners decided to [stay] at work .

Several of their stately homes remain , such as Thoresby Hall , the home of Earl Manvers , and Welbeck Abbey , which was the Duke of Portland 's seat .
several of their stately homes [stay] , such as thoresby hall , the home of earl manvers , and welbeck abbey , which was the duke of portland 's seat .

According to their argument , above a certain level greater welfare benefits can act as a work disincentive , encouraging people to remain below the poverty line and be supported by the state rather than by their own efforts , which would have to be the case if benefits were lower .
according to their argument , above a certain level greater welfare benefits can act as a work disincentive , encouraging people to [stay] below the poverty line and be supported by the state rather than by their own efforts , which would have to be the case if benefits were lower .

Punishment is an unsatisfactory operational philosophy because it risks damage to the ultimate end of enforcement , and control of the case does not remain in their hands .
punishment is an unsatisfactory operational philosophy because it risks damage to the ultimate end of enforcement , and control of the case does not [stay] in their hands .

But when a pipe is discharging polluted water into a river which is largely an effluent channel , the only ‘ victim ’ may be the public , with the impairment to such amenity value as may remain .
but when a pipe is discharging polluted water into a river which is largely an effluent channel , the only ‘ victim ’ may be the public , with the impairment to such amenity value as may [stay] .

While the penalties for water pollution offences are in theory more severe than most field staff believe them to be , they remain frail in comparison with those available to sanction traditional crime .
while the penalties for water pollution offences are in theory more severe than most field staff believe them to be , they [stay] frail in comparison with those available to sanction traditional crime .

To have one or two strict parameters often means that other pollutants , which can remain unspecified in the consent document , are brought under control .
to have one or two strict parameters often means that other pollutants , which can [stay] unspecified in the consent document , are brought under control .

There remain the unestablished units , generally indeterminate in number , and varying in the degree of contextual pressure required to activate them .
there [stay] the unestablished units , generally indeterminate in number , and varying in the degree of contextual pressure required to activate them .

In addition to these advantages , the Data Discman is also a generic player while most of the current chip-based handhelds remain dedicated devices offering only the body of information which a customer purchases with the hardware .
in addition to these advantages , the data discman is also a generic player while most of the current chip-based handhelds [stay] dedicated devices offering only the body of information which a customer purchases with the hardware .

Neither the novel nor the house , however , treat Gothic as more than a superficial application to values that remain essentially Palladian .
neither the novel nor the house , however , treat gothic as more than a superficial application to values that [stay] essentially palladian .

It was far easier than might now be supposed to remain ignorant of the deplorable housing in English cities , even where it affected the great majority , as in the London of Little Dorrit , with its 10,000 responsible houses and 50,000 lairs , ‘ where people lived so unwholesomely , that fair water put into their crowded rooms on Saturday night , would be corrupt on Sunday morning ’ .
it was far easier than might now be supposed to [stay] ignorant of the deplorable housing in english cities , even where it affected the great majority , as in the london of little dorrit , with its 10,000 responsible houses and 50,000 lairs , ‘ where people lived so unwholesomely , that fair water put into their crowded rooms on saturday night , would be corrupt on sunday morning ’ .

The responsible houses , ‘ frowning heavily on the streets they composed ’ , could remain irresponsibly ignorant of the 50,000 lairs .
the responsible houses , ‘ frowning heavily on the streets they composed ’ , could [stay] irresponsibly ignorant of the 50,000 lairs .

Frequent whitewashing or repapering , like John Barton 's ‘ clean stencilled pattern ’ , is often alluded to , no doubt because it made damp and derelict rooms look fresh and dry but that is the way that they remain for the reader .
frequent whitewashing or repapering , like john barton 's ‘ clean stencilled pattern ’ , is often alluded to , no doubt because it made damp and derelict rooms look fresh and dry but that is the way that they [stay] for the reader .

Such early enclosed fields still remain , their characteristic feature being their elongated form and curved or reversed-S long sides , showing their origin as open-field strips .
such early enclosed fields still [stay] , their characteristic feature being their elongated form and curved or reversed-s long sides , showing their origin as open-field strips .

Of what it felt like to live in such a world we are , and must for ever remain , entirely ignorant .
of what it felt like to live in such a world we are , and must for ever [stay] , entirely ignorant .

It is likely that a considerable number of Romano-British by-roads came into existence in the same way for limited purposes and yet remain to be discovered on the map or on the ground .
it is likely that a considerable number of romano-british by-roads came into existence in the same way for limited purposes and yet [stay] to be discovered on the map or on the ground .

Now this space and a terrace of standard Great Northern Railway Company houses are all that remain of a venture which attempted to turn Mundesley from a tiny fishing village to a major seaside resort in the early years of this century .
now this space and a terrace of standard great northern railway company houses are all that [stay] of a venture which attempted to turn mundesley from a tiny fishing village to a major seaside resort in the early years of this century .

In such towns as Marlborough and Thame — and many others — the market places were never built upon , but remain wide and open to this day .
in such towns as marlborough and thame — and many others — the market places were never built upon , but [stay] wide and open to this day .

If it is a view you are after , then better to go to the top of the Pic du Midi than remain down on the col , for from there the prospect has for long been famous , especially to the north over the plains and , on a good day , westward to the Atlantic .
if it is a view you are after , then better to go to the top of the pic du midi than [stay] down on the col , for from there the prospect has for long been famous , especially to the north over the plains and , on a good day , westward to the atlantic .

’ , antiracists often remain trapped within the paradox we identified at the beginning of this Introduction .
’ , antiracists often [stay] trapped within the paradox we identified at the beginning of this introduction .

In a similar vein , Paul Gilroy develops his critique of antiracist strategies that remain too firmly embedded within the ( municipal ) state .
in a similar vein , paul gilroy develops his critique of antiracist strategies that [stay] too firmly embedded within the ( municipal ) state .

The ambivalences generated for many white youth by the attractions of Afro-Caribbean , Afro-American and African musical forms , and their admirations for some aggressive forms of Afro-Caribbean masculinity , have resulted in alliances in particular schools and neighbourhoods between white and Afro Caribbean youth against Asian youth , while in some schools where black white conflicts remain submerged the dominant form of racist insult occurs between different ethnic minority groups , for instance Asian and Afro-Caribbean or Cypriot and Vietnamese ( Cohen , 1987 ) .
the ambivalences generated for many white youth by the attractions of afro-caribbean , afro-american and african musical forms , and their admirations for some aggressive forms of afro-caribbean masculinity , have resulted in alliances in particular schools and neighbourhoods between white and afro caribbean youth against asian youth , while in some schools where black white conflicts [stay] submerged the dominant form of racist insult occurs between different ethnic minority groups , for instance asian and afro-caribbean or cypriot and vietnamese ( cohen , 1987 ) .

Though the rich legacy of an extensive black presence on this continent suggests that it may be possible for many commentators , the terms ‘ black ’ and ‘ European ’ remain categories which mutually exclude each other .
though the rich legacy of an extensive black presence on this continent suggests that it may be possible for many commentators , the terms ‘ black ’ and ‘ european ’ [stay] categories which mutually exclude each other .

The bleak shores of the lake remain uninhabited .
the bleak shores of the lake [stay] uninhabited .

Taken in connection with the fact that Liverpool is the greatest seaport in the world , that one alone should remain a disorganised prey to designing knaves is one of the strange and unaccountable anomalies which frequently escape notice for a long time but only to be ultimately felt with greater force and overcome with greater resolution `` .
taken in connection with the fact that liverpool is the greatest seaport in the world , that one alone should [stay] a disorganised prey to designing knaves is one of the strange and unaccountable anomalies which frequently escape notice for a long time but only to be ultimately felt with greater force and overcome with greater resolution `` .

We recognised the importance of bringing the wages of foreign seamen on an equality with our own , as that would be a direct encouragement for the foreign sailor to remain on his own country 's ships .
we recognised the importance of bringing the wages of foreign seamen on an equality with our own , as that would be a direct encouragement for the foreign sailor to [stay] on his own country 's ships .

During the run up to the 1911 strike Wilson had been advised by his doctors to take three months rest but had been determined to `` remain on the bridge and direct the fight `` .
during the run up to the 1911 strike wilson had been advised by his doctors to take three months rest but had been determined to `` [stay] on the bridge and direct the fight `` .

Many do not remain sufficiently long as temporary workers or with any one agency to be entitled to any rights even if they were to have dependent employee status .
many do not [stay] sufficiently long as temporary workers or with any one agency to be entitled to any rights even if they were to have dependent employee status .

There are examples of a `` new `` use of temporary workers , but at present these remain the exception rather than the rule .
there are examples of a `` new `` use of temporary workers , but at present these [stay] the exception rather than the rule .

The activities that remain become larger and more detailed exercises .
the activities that [stay] become larger and more detailed exercises .

They thus tend to be solely related to a company and its products , and remain unpublished as their content is only of interest to their direct users and competitors .
they thus tend to be solely related to a company and its products , and [stay] unpublished as their content is only of interest to their direct users and competitors .

Such a company must be prepared to invest in its ability to produce economically , if it is to remain competitive .
such a company must be prepared to invest in its ability to produce economically , if it is to [stay] competitive .

Requirements , unrecognized by the designer , will remain unchecked .
requirements , unrecognized by the designer , will [stay] unchecked .

Whilst some details should be rethought in the light of new technology , its basic ideas still remain sound and must be implemented in any design and manufacturing establishment .
whilst some details should be rethought in the light of new technology , its basic ideas still [stay] sound and must be implemented in any design and manufacturing establishment .

The process only terminates when no more entities or groups remain in the temporary work layers .
the process only terminates when no more entities or groups [stay] in the temporary work layers .

Some of these will remain to watch over the living ; others enter the bodies of white birds , such as the sulphur-crested cockatoos or white egrets which hover over the Toraja rice-paddies .
some of these will [stay] to watch over the living ; others enter the bodies of white birds , such as the sulphur-crested cockatoos or white egrets which hover over the toraja rice-paddies .

We can remain sensitive to the voices of spirits , and can dream of events to come — though few people listen to us now .
we can [stay] sensitive to the voices of spirits , and can dream of events to come — though few people listen to us now .

That moment will remain forever crystallized in my memory .
that moment will [stay] forever crystallized in my memory .

It was no longer so easy to remain an island of reason when every timber surrounding us had been magically selected ; when our departure had been synchronized not with the weather , but with inner portents of another kind of time .
it was no longer so easy to [stay] an island of reason when every timber surrounding us had been magically selected ; when our departure had been synchronized not with the weather , but with inner portents of another kind of time .

They will remain on your shelves ; hence the invented name .
they will [stay] on your shelves ; hence the invented name .

Unfortunately , too many students take what seems the easy way out , and try to remain tied to their tutor 's apron strings throughout the course , relying on him for detailed notes and guidance .
unfortunately , too many students take what seems the easy way out , and try to [stay] tied to their tutor 's apron strings throughout the course , relying on him for detailed notes and guidance .

You will remain an ordinary member of the other societies , and see and question the work of their committees from the `` floor of the house `` .
you will [stay] an ordinary member of the other societies , and see and question the work of their committees from the `` floor of the house `` .

The pupae can remain dormant for months , or even years , waiting for the right vibrations , which is why a person moving into a previously empty house may suffer a plague of fleas .
the pupae can [stay] dormant for months , or even years , waiting for the right vibrations , which is why a person moving into a previously empty house may suffer a plague of fleas .

When termites leave the nest to forage on dead plant material , they can remain hidden by building tunnels from the nest to the food supplies .
when termites leave the nest to forage on dead plant material , they can [stay] hidden by building tunnels from the nest to the food supplies .

If insects judged their speed solely on the basis of the speed of the air moving past , they would remain stationary when attempting to fly into the wind .
if insects judged their speed solely on the basis of the speed of the air moving past , they would [stay] stationary when attempting to fly into the wind .

The eggs remain in the damp sand , safe from marine predators , until they hatch out fifteen days later and swim off on the next high spring tide .
the eggs [stay] in the damp sand , safe from marine predators , until they hatch out fifteen days later and swim off on the next high spring tide .

Nobody had also said how long Marcus should remain in his sister 's house .
nobody had also said how long marcus should [stay] in his sister 's house .

She had , during that time , said nothing about man , wife or child : her conversation was , as it was predominantly to remain , purely descriptive and immediate to herself .
she had , during that time , said nothing about man , wife or child : her conversation was , as it was predominantly to [stay] , purely descriptive and immediate to herself .

And the involuntary malice within the desperate attempts to remain on the safe side of the frontier of madness .
and the involuntary malice within the desperate attempts to [stay] on the safe side of the frontier of madness .

As long as the total time-varying magnetic flux is enclosed , the line integral will remain the same as in the previous example .
as long as the total time-varying magnetic flux is enclosed , the line integral will [stay] the same as in the previous example .

Longer they remain present area more likely force have to be used .
longer they [stay] present area more likely force have to be used .

Some of them have been got at by the plant-breeders and bear no resemblance to the species or variety originally discovered ; some remain the same , being already sufficiently beautiful or useful .
some of them have been got at by the plant-breeders and bear no resemblance to the species or variety originally discovered ; some [stay] the same , being already sufficiently beautiful or useful .

Fennel can be grown from seed sown in spring where it is to remain .
fennel can be grown from seed sown in spring where it is to [stay] .

This technique can be employed with normal subjects , as well as with commissurotomised patients , although the presence of intact mid-line commissures in normals means that visual information presumably does not remain lateralised to one hemisphere as it does in split-brain patients .
this technique can be employed with normal subjects , as well as with commissurotomised patients , although the presence of intact mid-line commissures in normals means that visual information presumably does not [stay] lateralised to one hemisphere as it does in split-brain patients .

If this were so one would expect measures of inter-hemispheric transmission time to remain roughly constant for the same stimuli and subjects , yet this does not appear to be the case ( Bashore , 1981 ) .
if this were so one would expect measures of inter-hemispheric transmission time to [stay] roughly constant for the same stimuli and subjects , yet this does not appear to be the case ( bashore , 1981 ) .

There are the lucky ones who have a superbly adapted metabolism : they naturally have a low blood cholesterol level , they can eat almost any type of food , in large quantities , and yet remain healthy and slim .
there are the lucky ones who have a superbly adapted metabolism : they naturally have a low blood cholesterol level , they can eat almost any type of food , in large quantities , and yet [stay] healthy and slim .

These remain the biggest killers in most developed countries , and more important the largest preventable cause of premature death ( i.e .
these [stay] the biggest killers in most developed countries , and more important the largest preventable cause of premature death ( i.e .

This does n't mean that you should take time off work ; quite the opposite , as it is preferable that you remain occupied while on the diet .
this does n't mean that you should take time off work ; quite the opposite , as it is preferable that you [stay] occupied while on the diet .

They asked if they might come to see the palais , but they had of course to remain outside in the gardens with their nurse where they can do no damage . ``
they asked if they might come to see the palais , but they had of course to [stay] outside in the gardens with their nurse where they can do no damage . ``

Already their father had given an indication of his deep displeasure by ordering all three of them to remain in the room throughout the ceremony .
already their father had given an indication of his deep displeasure by ordering all three of them to [stay] in the room throughout the ceremony .

If you remain perfectly still and keep your backs straight , you wo n't be punished further .
if you [stay] perfectly still and keep your backs straight , you wo n't be punished further .

As they drew nearer Joseph could see the flat peasant faces of the four Annamese boys clearly ; they were wide-eyed with apprehension , but obviously determined to remain rooted to the spot until the last moment .
as they drew nearer joseph could see the flat peasant faces of the four annamese boys clearly ; they were wide-eyed with apprehension , but obviously determined to [stay] rooted to the spot until the last moment .

On the far side of the camp , she saw Jacques Devraux stripping to the waist in order to resume work at the skinning platform , and suddenly unable to remain in the hut any longer , she strolled out across the clearing again .
on the far side of the camp , she saw jacques devraux stripping to the waist in order to resume work at the skinning platform , and suddenly unable to [stay] in the hut any longer , she strolled out across the clearing again .

In the three-dimensional systems treated in section 2.2 , the strange attractors are locally planar : a small displacement perpendicular to this sheet will decay , as the trajectory returns to the attractor ; a small displacement along the sheet will remain , as a trajectory is effectively pushed forward in time ; and a small lateral displacement will grow in time .
in the three-dimensional systems treated in section 2.2 , the strange attractors are locally planar : a small displacement perpendicular to this sheet will decay , as the trajectory returns to the attractor ; a small displacement along the sheet will [stay] , as a trajectory is effectively pushed forward in time ; and a small lateral displacement will grow in time .

4 . What elements of continuity remain during movements of apparent change ?
4 . what elements of continuity [stay] during movements of apparent change ?

Even if the bookcase falls down or breaks , the skill of joining pieces of wood has been practised and will remain with the student and be practised in other ways .
even if the bookcase falls down or breaks , the skill of joining pieces of wood has been practised and will [stay] with the student and be practised in other ways .

( d ) Summarise the words which remain , putting the sense of the document in your own way .
( d ) summarise the words which [stay] , putting the sense of the document in your own way .

At all ages , dog-whelks feed on discrete , easily identifiable , macroscopic sedentary prey ( upon which they remain for many hours or days ) which not only renders predator/prey investigations in the field possible but also facilitates the maintenance of these animals in aquaria .
at all ages , dog-whelks feed on discrete , easily identifiable , macroscopic sedentary prey ( upon which they [stay] for many hours or days ) which not only renders predator/prey investigations in the field possible but also facilitates the maintenance of these animals in aquaria .

The duck leave small piles of finely-crushed mussel shells at their favoured resting sites , amongst which the dog-whelk shells-which remain entire — are very conspicuous .
the duck leave small piles of finely-crushed mussel shells at their favoured resting sites , amongst which the dog-whelk shells-which [stay] entire — are very conspicuous .

Adults may remain -5 months without feeding or notably moving in their winter aggregation site .
adults may [stay] -5 months without feeding or notably moving in their winter aggregation site .

It may carry genes for large size but remain stunted through starvation .
it may carry genes for large size but [stay] stunted through starvation .

13 ) although the factors affecting its occurrence remain largely unknown .
13 ) although the factors affecting its occurrence [stay] largely unknown .

There are always the exceptions , mothers who remain distant and angry , or who actually tell their daughters to leave .
there are always the exceptions , mothers who [stay] distant and angry , or who actually tell their daughters to leave .

Girls remain on the register of their previous schools , and take their chosen exams there , unless they do not wish to go back into school .
girls [stay] on the register of their previous schools , and take their chosen exams there , unless they do not wish to go back into school .

Often girls in this situation are not only skilful in concealing their pregnancy through the loose style of clothes they wear , but remain physically small — that is , until finally the truth is out , and suddenly their pregnancy also seems to expand , as if with relief that it can at last be public .
often girls in this situation are not only skilful in concealing their pregnancy through the loose style of clothes they wear , but [stay] physically small — that is , until finally the truth is out , and suddenly their pregnancy also seems to expand , as if with relief that it can at last be public .

Amid the unspeakable sufferings , however , there are epic tales of courage and heroism ; of those who voluntarily followed their banished loved ones into the unknown ; of enlightened , cultivated exiles who chose to remain after their sentences were complete and devote themselves to the scientific , artistic and educational development of the region .
amid the unspeakable sufferings , however , there are epic tales of courage and heroism ; of those who voluntarily followed their banished loved ones into the unknown ; of enlightened , cultivated exiles who chose to [stay] after their sentences were complete and devote themselves to the scientific , artistic and educational development of the region .

On the other hand , Peter was responsible for the introduction of a punitive practice which was to remain at the centre of the tsarist criminal code and of the Siberian penal system until well into the twentieth century .
on the other hand , peter was responsible for the introduction of a punitive practice which was to [stay] at the centre of the tsarist criminal code and of the siberian penal system until well into the twentieth century .

Although predatory by nature , they are not an aggressive species and will remain sociable towards any companions that will not fit into their mouths easily .
although predatory by nature , they are not an aggressive species and will [stay] sociable towards any companions that will not fit into their mouths easily .

When using an external filter , only a shallow depth of gravel will be required , and in this respect your substrate should remain clean .
when using an external filter , only a shallow depth of gravel will be required , and in this respect your substrate should [stay] clean .

They may either remain attached to the same rock , or alternatively detach themselves and float away to find another site .
they may either [stay] attached to the same rock , or alternatively detach themselves and float away to find another site .

The ‘ happy ’ ending in which the Toons inherit their own ghetto is in some ways positive , but the Toons remain happy infants — has anyone ever tried to imagine the bedroom scenes of Roger and Jessica ?
the ‘ happy ’ ending in which the toons inherit their own ghetto is in some ways positive , but the toons [stay] happy infants — has anyone ever tried to imagine the bedroom scenes of roger and jessica ?

With a zoom , however , it is larger when the angle is wide and the lens is at a short setting ( eg 25mm ) and becomes smaller as the focal length increases — the beam of light , originally wide , is ‘ squashed ’ within the longer tube and becomes narrower , while distances between camera and mirror and between mirror and screen remain the same ( the screen would have to move backwards at a measured rate for the image to stay the same size ) .
with a zoom , however , it is larger when the angle is wide and the lens is at a short setting ( eg 25mm ) and becomes smaller as the focal length increases — the beam of light , originally wide , is ‘ squashed ’ within the longer tube and becomes narrower , while distances between camera and mirror and between mirror and screen [stay] the same ( the screen would have to move backwards at a measured rate for the image to stay the same size ) .

Aid to health is likely to remain a low priority , although institutions such as the World Bank are now recognizing the social cost of their policies .
aid to health is likely to [stay] a low priority , although institutions such as the world bank are now recognizing the social cost of their policies .

Even those with the commitment to remain in the country have difficulties in adjusting to the nature of the work dictated by prevailing health patterns .
even those with the commitment to [stay] in the country have difficulties in adjusting to the nature of the work dictated by prevailing health patterns .

The ethnic borders remain a major constraint and not until they have been done away with can we be effective .
the ethnic borders [stay] a major constraint and not until they have been done away with can we be effective .

The legal procedures may be improved , but they are bound to remain vulnerable to an erroneous police case .
the legal procedures may be improved , but they are bound to [stay] vulnerable to an erroneous police case .

In the very nature of things the orders disposing of a case by a final court of appeal will almost invariably remain inviolate .
in the very nature of things the orders disposing of a case by a final court of appeal will almost invariably [stay] inviolate .

The other , a lady justice , indicated that she was able to remain and the clerk of the court made inquiries to see if any other justice was available .
the other , a lady justice , indicated that she was able to [stay] and the clerk of the court made inquiries to see if any other justice was available .

In fact , even the Japanese language version of these is worth a look , if only for the few English words that remain obstinately untranslatable and stick out glaringly among the elegant Japanese characters .
in fact , even the japanese language version of these is worth a look , if only for the few english words that [stay] obstinately untranslatable and stick out glaringly among the elegant japanese characters .

Collective production will remain but the relations of production will be transformed .
collective production will [stay] but the relations of production will be transformed .

Even in the relatively open systems of Western industrial societies , there is considerable evidence to suggest that large numbers of able and talented individuals remain in the lower strata .
even in the relatively open systems of western industrial societies , there is considerable evidence to suggest that large numbers of able and talented individuals [stay] in the lower strata .

In this way the conflict of interest between the classes is disguised and a degree of social stability produced , but the basic contradictions and conflicts of class societies remain unresolved .
in this way the conflict of interest between the classes is disguised and a degree of social stability produced , but the basic contradictions and conflicts of class societies [stay] unresolved .

Industrial manufacture would remain as the basic technique of production in the society which would replace capitalism .
industrial manufacture would [stay] as the basic technique of production in the society which would replace capitalism .

Table 3 demonstrates that even after taxation and benefits are taken into account , considerable income inequalities remain .
table 3 demonstrates that even after taxation and benefits are taken into account , considerable income inequalities [stay] .

When the groups come together , particularly at board meetings , differences are resolved in the long-term interests of the company so that it can remain profitable .
when the groups come together , particularly at board meetings , differences are resolved in the long-term interests of the company so that it can [stay] profitable .

The direct transfer of capital from one generation to the next is the primary way in which reproduction takes place , because it ensures that wealth will remain in the family .
the direct transfer of capital from one generation to the next is the primary way in which reproduction takes place , because it ensures that wealth will [stay] in the family .

He argues that capitalist societies remain polarized between two main classes : the ruling class and the working class .
he argues that capitalist societies [stay] polarized between two main classes : the ruling class and the working class .

For companies need protection from potential catastrophe if they are to remain productive , even in business .
for companies need protection from potential catastrophe if they are to [stay] productive , even in business .

The highly reactive pentagon-road fragments , if they form at all , would form at an early stage of clustering when many small radical species remain .
the highly reactive pentagon-road fragments , if they form at all , would form at an early stage of clustering when many small radical species [stay] .

one or both feet to remain on the carpet .
one or both feet to [stay] on the carpet .

It is not necessary because section 6 ( 3 ) ( b ) is capable of being given full effect without any such implication : it applies where a school is under-subscribed and yet seeks to refuse certain applicants who have expressed a preference for that school : Parliament has indicated that if spaces are to remain unfilled because of admission criteria such criteria have to be agreed with the local education authority .
it is not necessary because section 6 ( 3 ) ( b ) is capable of being given full effect without any such implication : it applies where a school is under-subscribed and yet seeks to refuse certain applicants who have expressed a preference for that school : parliament has indicated that if spaces are to [stay] unfilled because of admission criteria such criteria have to be agreed with the local education authority .

Less trivial examples will be more complicated , but the roles played by observation , induction and deduction remain essentially the same .
less trivial examples will be more complicated , but the roles played by observation , induction and deduction [stay] essentially the same .

Even if there were some unique experience given to all observers in perception , there still remain some major objections to the inductivist assumption concerning observations .
even if there were some unique experience given to all observers in perception , there still [stay] some major objections to the inductivist assumption concerning observations .

Knowledge available at the time of Copernicus did not permit a legitimate criticism of the observation that the apparent sizes of Mars and Venus remain roughly constant , so that Copernicus 's theory , taken literally , could be deemed falsified by that observation .
knowledge available at the time of copernicus did not permit a legitimate criticism of the observation that the apparent sizes of mars and venus [stay] roughly constant , so that copernicus 's theory , taken literally , could be deemed falsified by that observation .

The features are the retrograde motion of the planets and the fact that , unlike the other planets , Mercury and Venus always remain in the proximity of the sun .
the features are the retrograde motion of the planets and the fact that , unlike the other planets , mercury and venus always [stay] in the proximity of the sun .

The negative heuristic of a programme is the demand that during the development of the programme the hard core is to remain unmodified and intact .
the negative heuristic of a programme is the demand that during the development of the programme the hard core is to [stay] unmodified and intact .

The Athenian Acropolis , defensible , symbolically overbearing , and provided with its own water supply , goes far to explain why Dark Age Attica did not remain like Keos or Euboia , a coalition of small states .
the athenian acropolis , defensible , symbolically overbearing , and provided with its own water supply , goes far to explain why dark age attica did not [stay] like keos or euboia , a coalition of small states .

In addition , although many residents own their mobile homes or caravans , sites are usually only rented , and local authorities and site owners remain as landlords and sometimes as notoriously poor ones .
in addition , although many residents own their mobile homes or caravans , sites are usually only rented , and local authorities and site owners [stay] as landlords and sometimes as notoriously poor ones .

Population is expected to remain constant and investment should be sufficient to cater for the present population .
population is expected to [stay] constant and investment should be sufficient to cater for the present population .

Following a two-day hearing , on 13 December the judge upheld the submission and directed that the indictment should remain on the file not to be proceeded with without the leave of the Crown Court or the Court of Appeal .
following a two-day hearing , on 13 december the judge upheld the submission and directed that the indictment should [stay] on the file not to be proceeded with without the leave of the crown court or the court of appeal .

National lineages remain important , but as one pole of a tension counterbalanced by a growing internationalization of culture , associated particularly with an emerging American hegemony .
national lineages [stay] important , but as one pole of a tension counterbalanced by a growing internationalization of culture , associated particularly with an emerging american hegemony .

Similarly , elements of rhythm and blues phraseology remain ( drum techniques , guitar phrases and techniques ) but they are subsumed within a heterogeneous mixture of styles .
similarly , elements of rhythm and blues phraseology [stay] ( drum techniques , guitar phrases and techniques ) but they are subsumed within a heterogeneous mixture of styles .

Still , by developing a historical materialist theory of musical development which in principle rebuts reductionism , both economistic and formalistic , Adorno 's general position opened up new ground , in ways which often remain of value .
still , by developing a historical materialist theory of musical development which in principle rebuts reductionism , both economistic and formalistic , adorno 's general position opened up new ground , in ways which often [stay] of value .

Cleady the majority of working class voters saw the Labour Party as ‘ their ’ party and wished to see it remain in government , while the majority of middle class voters supported the Tories , but in neither case did the party or the ‘ class ’ have a radical and distinctive programme for the transformation of social relations in Britain .
cleady the majority of working class voters saw the labour party as ‘ their ’ party and wished to see it [stay] in government , while the majority of middle class voters supported the tories , but in neither case did the party or the ‘ class ’ have a radical and distinctive programme for the transformation of social relations in britain .

Even with good roads , transport costs , in a large square country where canals are an economic and physical impossibility , must remain high .
even with good roads , transport costs , in a large square country where canals are an economic and physical impossibility , must [stay] high .

An industrial revival can not for long remain based on mules and donkeys .
an industrial revival can not for long [stay] based on mules and donkeys .

Again , there is the fact that a variety of signs which , whether or not they suggest weapons , huts or traps or remain enigmatic , can only be interpreted as symbolic in intent .
again , there is the fact that a variety of signs which , whether or not they suggest weapons , huts or traps or [stay] enigmatic , can only be interpreted as symbolic in intent .

Once a particular kind of stone was recognized as precious it tended to remain so .
once a particular kind of stone was recognized as precious it tended to [stay] so .

Whereas the revolutionary upheaval of 1917 had seemed to them to foreshadow an entirely novel social order in which power would remain firmly in the hands of the masses themselves , the Bolsheviks proceeded to restore hierarchical and coercive control in every field .
whereas the revolutionary upheaval of 1917 had seemed to them to foreshadow an entirely novel social order in which power would [stay] firmly in the hands of the masses themselves , the bolsheviks proceeded to restore hierarchical and coercive control in every field .

At the restaurant table , there 's a full bowl of pea soup between us that will remain untasted for the duration of our meeting .
at the restaurant table , there 's a full bowl of pea soup between us that will [stay] untasted for the duration of our meeting .

The money deposited in England , Switzerland and other parts of Europe would remain there for many years until Samuel was free again to travel through a liberated continent .
the money deposited in england , switzerland and other parts of europe would [stay] there for many years until samuel was free again to travel through a liberated continent .

Using the wine has its dangers , because bits of pear may drift off , clouding the liquid , which must remain absolutely clear for the sake of the final éclat .
using the wine has its dangers , because bits of pear may drift off , clouding the liquid , which must [stay] absolutely clear for the sake of the final éclat .

Explosive problems remain in many of Britain 's prisons — a higher number of lifers , often with strong political faiths , who have nothing left to lose ; overcrowding which forces men to sleep three to a cell and understaffing which weakens security .
explosive problems [stay] in many of britain 's prisons — a higher number of lifers , often with strong political faiths , who have nothing left to lose ; overcrowding which forces men to sleep three to a cell and understaffing which weakens security .

The application of community sanctions would remain at the discretion of sentencers , though there would then be a price to be paid in terms of consistency of application .
the application of community sanctions would [stay] at the discretion of sentencers , though there would then be a price to be paid in terms of consistency of application .

Some element of mystery , of course , will remain .
some element of mystery , of course , will [stay] .

There remain a few kinds of crime fiction we have yet to look at .
there [stay] a few kinds of crime fiction we have yet to look at .

Again the Serbs were disappointed , for in 1812 at the Treaty of Bucharest the Russians again made peace with the Turks and agreed that Serbia should remain within the Ottoman empire .
again the serbs were disappointed , for in 1812 at the treaty of bucharest the russians again made peace with the turks and agreed that serbia should [stay] within the ottoman empire .

But at a local level , people 's attitudes and the Bizango 's system remain pretty much unaffected by what happens in the city , so they simply are n't interested in who 's President .
but at a local level , people 's attitudes and the bizango 's system [stay] pretty much unaffected by what happens in the city , so they simply are n't interested in who 's president .

When Mortimer had assigned everyone positions for the operation — Ace , Benny and Petion to remain with him — he checked his watch .
when mortimer had assigned everyone positions for the operation — ace , benny and petion to [stay] with him — he checked his watch .

The thought that Ace could go bad rankled him for some reason , and he mouthed a silent prayer that her judgment would remain sound .
the thought that ace could go bad rankled him for some reason , and he mouthed a silent prayer that her judgment would [stay] sound .

Rostov decided that it was easier to go in search of what would pass in the Simonova for a command bridge than it was to remain in his quarters , while Vorontseff attempted to eradicate within the space of an hour the accumulated disarray of several years of civilian occupation .
rostov decided that it was easier to go in search of what would pass in the simonova for a command bridge than it was to [stay] in his quarters , while vorontseff attempted to eradicate within the space of an hour the accumulated disarray of several years of civilian occupation .

Perhaps under the circumstances it made sense to remain in the one place .
perhaps under the circumstances it made sense to [stay] in the one place .

It was possible that recovery might be organised , and for that reason he would remain where he was at least until morning .
it was possible that recovery might be organised , and for that reason he would [stay] where he was at least until morning .

Instinctive caution made Rostov remain in the cover of the trees .
instinctive caution made rostov [stay] in the cover of the trees .

One of the French girls at her Swiss boarding school had told her that boys liked a girl to have a ‘ poitrine ’ and they became very excited when they touched a girl 's breast ; this , she had maintained , explained the fashion for dresses which made a girl look flat-chested — so that as many as possible would not inflame men 's passions and would thereby remain virgins .
one of the french girls at her swiss boarding school had told her that boys liked a girl to have a ‘ poitrine ’ and they became very excited when they touched a girl 's breast ; this , she had maintained , explained the fashion for dresses which made a girl look flat-chested — so that as many as possible would not inflame men 's passions and would thereby [stay] virgins .

There are real arbitrage opportunities and these remain because of institutional inertia , the inexperience of traders in a new market , or because of an insufficient volume of arbitrage transactions to move prices to their no-arbitrage levels , possibly due to an inadequate supply of arbitrage capital .
there are real arbitrage opportunities and these [stay] because of institutional inertia , the inexperience of traders in a new market , or because of an insufficient volume of arbitrage transactions to move prices to their no-arbitrage levels , possibly due to an inadequate supply of arbitrage capital .

The changes to the taxation of futures and the abolition of stamp duty do not mean that pension funds and unit trusts will become major participants in index arbitrage ; and market makers will remain well placed to execute index arbitrage transactions .
the changes to the taxation of futures and the abolition of stamp duty do not mean that pension funds and unit trusts will become major participants in index arbitrage ; and market makers will [stay] well placed to execute index arbitrage transactions .

Compared to books , distribution of multimedia software titles would remain more fragmented because the market was growing rapidly and potential customers could be reached through many outlets , Mr McCarthy said .
compared to books , distribution of multimedia software titles would [stay] more fragmented because the market was growing rapidly and potential customers could be reached through many outlets , mr mccarthy said .

To the followers of the ‘ classical economists ’ , who argued that the industrialized state would make the greatest possible contribution to public welfare if competition were to remain unshackled , the period between the middle of the nineteenth century and the present day has been marked by increasing government interference with the economy .
to the followers of the ‘ classical economists ’ , who argued that the industrialized state would make the greatest possible contribution to public welfare if competition were to [stay] unshackled , the period between the middle of the nineteenth century and the present day has been marked by increasing government interference with the economy .

Local government Acts in 1888 and 1894 set up a system of local authorities that was to remain almost unchanged until the 1970s .
local government acts in 1888 and 1894 set up a system of local authorities that was to [stay] almost unchanged until the 1970s .

It is presumed that staff concerned with training and with the operation of special work creation schemes will remain with the Manpower Services Commission .
it is presumed that staff concerned with training and with the operation of special work creation schemes will [stay] with the manpower services commission .

Policies emerge that are not merely compromises but also remain obscure on key points of implementation .
policies emerge that are not merely compromises but also [stay] obscure on key points of implementation .

In the minority of cases in which the child does not return home , he or she will remain in care up to the age of 18 if necessary .
in the minority of cases in which the child does not return home , he or she will [stay] in care up to the age of 18 if necessary .

The authority is given parental rights over the child by the court order and unless this is revoked these remain in force until he or she reaches 18 .
the authority is given parental rights over the child by the court order and unless this is revoked these [stay] in force until he or she reaches 18 .

Old age begins officially on retirement but the majority of people in their sixties and many in their seventies remain reasonably fit , independent , active and content and in many cases they will remain so until the end of their lives .
old age begins officially on retirement but the majority of people in their sixties and many in their seventies [stay] reasonably fit , independent , active and content and in many cases they will [stay] so until the end of their lives .

Gradually this concern was widened to include the provision of a broad range of services for old people who remain , and wish to remain , independent in their own homes .
gradually this concern was widened to include the provision of a broad range of services for old people who [stay] , and wish to [stay] , independent in their own homes .

Home helps and domiciliary care of all kinds remain an important , and under-provided , form of care for older people in the community .
home helps and domiciliary care of all kinds [stay] an important , and under-provided , form of care for older people in the community .

They remain very vulnerable in privately rented accommodation as they can often be ignorant of their rights .
they [stay] very vulnerable in privately rented accommodation as they can often be ignorant of their rights .

If they remain chronically incapacitated for work they can now claim invalidity benefit at a higher rate .
if they [stay] chronically incapacitated for work they can now claim invalidity benefit at a higher rate .

War disablement pensions remain payable to those disabled during the wars , and they carry a range of additional allowances similar to those under the industrial injuries scheme .
war disablement pensions [stay] payable to those disabled during the wars , and they carry a range of additional allowances similar to those under the industrial injuries scheme .

The basic principles of the 1983 consolidating Act remain the same as those of the 1959 Act : to provide treatment and care of the mentally disordered on an informal basis and in the community , wherever possible .
the basic principles of the 1983 consolidating act [stay] the same as those of the 1959 act : to provide treatment and care of the mentally disordered on an informal basis and in the community , wherever possible .

The notion that hospital care must remain an essential part of mental health provisions is therefore open to challenge .
the notion that hospital care must [stay] an essential part of mental health provisions is therefore open to challenge .

Or he can remain silent except for nodding , smiling and liking his glass , allowing the bride to speak on their behalf , making due reference to him — my husband has asked me , etc .
or he can [stay] silent except for nodding , smiling and liking his glass , allowing the bride to speak on their behalf , making due reference to him — my husband has asked me , etc .

Official monthly statistics , based upon those claiming social security benefits , suggest that women 's unemployment has at times risen at a much faster rate than men 's , although the absolute and percentage numbers for men remain higher .
official monthly statistics , based upon those claiming social security benefits , suggest that women 's unemployment has at times risen at a much faster rate than men 's , although the absolute and percentage numbers for men [stay] higher .

Their shortcomings help swell the growing numbers of the ‘ new ’ unemployed and the ‘ new ’ poor ; women whose unemployment and poverty remain hidden .
their shortcomings help swell the growing numbers of the ‘ new ’ unemployed and the ‘ new ’ poor ; women whose unemployment and poverty [stay] hidden .

The numbers of single mothers have risen dramatically in the 1980s ( from 130,000 in 1976 to 360,000 in 1989 ) but they nevertheless remain in the minority among lone mothers .
the numbers of single mothers have risen dramatically in the 1980s ( from 130,000 in 1976 to 360,000 in 1989 ) but they nevertheless [stay] in the minority among lone mothers .

It argues that if child support was received in addition to income support the resulting higher incomes would mean that more lone mothers would remain longer on benefit rather than looking for paid employment .
it argues that if child support was received in addition to income support the resulting higher incomes would mean that more lone mothers would [stay] longer on benefit rather than looking for paid employment .

These wider questions remain unaddressed .
these wider questions [stay] unaddressed .

Unless lone mothers can be helped out of low-paid jobs they will still remain poor .
unless lone mothers can be helped out of low-paid jobs they will still [stay] poor .

Paradoxically , the widespread availability of part-time employment for women may enable them to remain in the labour market , even while providing substantial levels of care , whilst men appear more likely to have to choose between full-time employment and stopping work altogether ( see Green , 1988 , Table 2.9 ; Parker , 1992 ) .
paradoxically , the widespread availability of part-time employment for women may enable them to [stay] in the labour market , even while providing substantial levels of care , whilst men appear more likely to have to choose between full-time employment and stopping work altogether ( see green , 1988 , table 2.9 ; parker , 1992 ) .

Although a significant proportion of women remain economically active until the age of 60 or even 65 , retirement is still regarded as a predominantly male experience .
although a significant proportion of women [stay] economically active until the age of 60 or even 65 , retirement is still regarded as a predominantly male experience .

Most employers have required women to retire from their jobs at a ‘ normal ’ pensionable age of 60 , whereas a much greater number of men are permitted to remain until 65 , despite trends towards earlier retirement .
most employers have required women to retire from their jobs at a ‘ normal ’ pensionable age of 60 , whereas a much greater number of men are permitted to [stay] until 65 , despite trends towards earlier retirement .

Widows ' pensions were designed as a partial replacement for loss of a ‘ family wage ’ or husband 's retirement pension , but have become increasingly problematic as more women get divorced or prefer to remain unmarried .
widows ' pensions were designed as a partial replacement for loss of a ‘ family wage ’ or husband 's retirement pension , but have become increasingly problematic as more women get divorced or prefer to [stay] unmarried .

In most small-scale studies , too , the ethnic identities of respondents remain undeclared ( see , for example , Burghes , 1980 ; Bradshaw and Holmes , 1989 ; Ritchie , 1990 ; Craig and Glendinning , 1990a ) .
in most small-scale studies , too , the ethnic identities of respondents [stay] undeclared ( see , for example , burghes , 1980 ; bradshaw and holmes , 1989 ; ritchie , 1990 ; craig and glendinning , 1990a ) .

The board of directors , which includes Lord Rippon and Maj.-Gen. Tony Trythall as chairman and deputy chairman , will remain in place ; Maj.-Gen. Trythall and Jenny Shaw will continue as joint m.d.s , and Ms Shaw continues as publishing director .
the board of directors , which includes lord rippon and maj.-gen. tony trythall as chairman and deputy chairman , will [stay] in place ; maj.-gen. trythall and jenny shaw will continue as joint m.d.s , and ms shaw continues as publishing director .

The staff will also remain in office and will be expanded .
the staff will also [stay] in office and will be expanded .

Perhaps this is why sales of science fiction , fantasy and horror books — the last given a recent boost by a bout of vampire fever — remain healthy .
perhaps this is why sales of science fiction , fantasy and horror books — the last given a recent boost by a bout of vampire fever — [stay] healthy .

Recent reports following scandals and appalling practice have made recommendations on how to improve the service , most of which remain in some minister 's waste bin .
recent reports following scandals and appalling practice have made recommendations on how to improve the service , most of which [stay] in some minister 's waste bin .

However , the activity of the Taq-polymerase does not result in 100 % overhanging 3 ' thymidines , and some of the vectors remain blunt-ended .
however , the activity of the taq-polymerase does not result in 100 % overhanging 3 ' thymidines , and some of the vectors [stay] blunt-ended .

But there is a serious question mark over whether fundholding at the level of single practices will remain viable .
but there is a serious question mark over whether fundholding at the level of single practices will [stay] viable .

Whatever the reason for the failure of full recovery sufficient patients remain with significant renal impairment that mid-term to long-term follow up of patients after an episode of severe acute renal failure is indicated .
whatever the reason for the failure of full recovery sufficient patients [stay] with significant renal impairment that mid-term to long-term follow up of patients after an episode of severe acute renal failure is indicated .

This should help the process of reform , but many vested interests remain to be overcome .
this should help the process of reform , but many vested interests [stay] to be overcome .

The introduction of Medicare in 1984 improved access to services , but underlying problems remain .
the introduction of medicare in 1984 improved access to services , but underlying problems [stay] .

Health inequalities in Britain remain pervasive .
health inequalities in britain [stay] pervasive .

Thus animal data on this subject can not , and should not , be extrapolated to humans and many questions remain .
thus animal data on this subject can not , and should not , be extrapolated to humans and many questions [stay] .

Though recognition of this potential therapeutic problem is welcome , until the clinical importance of the morphine metabolites in humans is completely understood these rare cases of paradoxical pain will remain unexplained .
though recognition of this potential therapeutic problem is welcome , until the clinical importance of the morphine metabolites in humans is completely understood these rare cases of paradoxical pain will [stay] unexplained .

Editor , — The prevention and appropriate management of neonatal infection remain a problem .
editor , — the prevention and appropriate management of neonatal infection [stay] a problem .

These universally fatal chronic brain infections of mammals ( including humans ) are untreatable and will remain so until more is known about this unique agent .
these universally fatal chronic brain infections of mammals ( including humans ) are untreatable and will [stay] so until more is known about this unique agent .

Contrary to what Harney says , the disc margins in this condition need not remain well defined .
contrary to what harney says , the disc margins in this condition need not [stay] well defined .

1805 The stent includes `` The Sum allow 'd Mrs. MacMillan , Professed Midwife , for her encouragement to attend & remain in the Island for this year .
1805 the stent includes `` the sum allow 'd mrs. macmillan , professed midwife , for her encouragement to attend & [stay] in the island for this year .

After some consideration it was unaminously agreed to remain in the church and to take means of getting the church heated and made otherwise comfortable . ``
after some consideration it was unaminously agreed to [stay] in the church and to take means of getting the church heated and made otherwise comfortable . ``

Lingering concerns therefore remain about the potential contribution of hypertension and its treatment to the incidence of cancer .
lingering concerns therefore [stay] about the potential contribution of hypertension and its treatment to the incidence of cancer .

If all three aspects are not addressed the 240 additional cannon fodder will not remain in the system either .
if all three aspects are not addressed the 240 additional cannon fodder will not [stay] in the system either .

That some of its actions remain unknown is a stimulus to further research , and with sufficient collaboration between intensive care units definitive work could easily be performed .
that some of its actions [stay] unknown is a stimulus to further research , and with sufficient collaboration between intensive care units definitive work could easily be performed .

The consequence could be a reluctance to enter or remain in hospital care or pressure to prematurely dispose of a home .
the consequence could be a reluctance to enter or [stay] in hospital care or pressure to prematurely dispose of a home .

There is a danger that a voluntary organisation may become involved in trying to run services that should properly remain the responsibility of a statutory organisation .
there is a danger that a voluntary organisation may become involved in trying to run services that should properly [stay] the responsibility of a statutory organisation .

Few who have confronted his writings remain serenely indifferent .
few who have confronted his writings [stay] serenely indifferent .

Aloofness , detachment , distancing , flippancy , all variations on a theme — a sustained effort to remain above and beyond a threatening world .
aloofness , detachment , distancing , flippancy , all variations on a theme — a sustained effort to [stay] above and beyond a threatening world .

He chose to remain close to Marxism , but my impression is that he was shifting his ground … His conversations with me centred on Heidegger and death `` .
he chose to [stay] close to marxism , but my impression is that he was shifting his ground … his conversations with me centred on heidegger and death `` .

And yet , separated by Aden , separated by Marxism , separated by death , they remain forever reunited in the preface and text of Aden Arabie .
and yet , separated by aden , separated by marxism , separated by death , they [stay] forever reunited in the preface and text of aden arabie .

It was this same moral , ethical dimension which finally , after September 1939 , made it impossible for Nizan to remain working within the ranks of that same party .
it was this same moral , ethical dimension which finally , after september 1939 , made it impossible for nizan to [stay] working within the ranks of that same party .

However , to classify this secondary discourse in a pejorative sense is to remain blind to the dynamic configuration of Nizan 's narrative technique .
however , to classify this secondary discourse in a pejorative sense is to [stay] blind to the dynamic configuration of nizan 's narrative technique .

None the less , except for specific mutations to key enzymes in rare syndromes of familial diabetes and the recently identified link between some kindreds of maturity onset diabetes of the young and mutations to the glucokinase gene in liver and β cells , the gene ( s ) causing the bulk of cases of non-insulin dependent diabetes remain obscure .
none the less , except for specific mutations to key enzymes in rare syndromes of familial diabetes and the recently identified link between some kindreds of maturity onset diabetes of the young and mutations to the glucokinase gene in liver and β cells , the gene ( s ) causing the bulk of cases of non-insulin dependent diabetes [stay] obscure .

Desmopressin , 20–40 mg nightly intranasally is effective during treatment in 12 % to 70 % of cases ; only up to 31 % remain dry after the course of treatment .
desmopressin , 20–40 mg nightly intranasally is effective during treatment in 12 % to 70 % of cases ; only up to 31 % [stay] dry after the course of treatment .

Overall , adults with cystic fibrosis seem to have difficulty in achieving independence , with only one third married or cohabiting , and a higher proportion than in the general population remain in the parental home .
overall , adults with cystic fibrosis seem to have difficulty in achieving independence , with only one third married or cohabiting , and a higher proportion than in the general population [stay] in the parental home .

Nevertheless , the high proportion who are still dependent on their parents may have important implications for housing and health and social services needed for those who remain at home as their parents become elderly and frail .
nevertheless , the high proportion who are still dependent on their parents may have important implications for housing and health and social services needed for those who [stay] at home as their parents become elderly and frail .

It is easier to presume the benefit and call the intervention a service activity than to remain agnostic and call it research together with the inconvenient implications .
it is easier to presume the benefit and call the intervention a service activity than to [stay] agnostic and call it research together with the inconvenient implications .

This should be supported by the health service as part of the programme of development that any large organisation must adopt if it is to remain up to date and use its resources cost effectively .
this should be supported by the health service as part of the programme of development that any large organisation must adopt if it is to [stay] up to date and use its resources cost effectively .

Nevertheless , most general practitioners remain concerned about the lack of detail in the assessment and discharge documents — and are waiting to see the more detailed information that is promised before April .
nevertheless , most general practitioners [stay] concerned about the lack of detail in the assessment and discharge documents — and are waiting to see the more detailed information that is promised before april .

Few of us would be happy with a bank whose statements read ‘ Your account is in credit but will not remain so for much longer .
few of us would be happy with a bank whose statements read ‘ your account is in credit but will not [stay] so for much longer .

It sprang from two beliefs : that a radical review of provision of primary care was required and that no established procedure should remain unquestioned .
it sprang from two beliefs : that a radical review of provision of primary care was required and that no established procedure should [stay] unquestioned .

The latter concepts , which he dubbed `` the Ideas `` , have merely a regulative function , in the sense that they direct the activity of the understanding towards the ultimate goals of unity and completeness , which however remain forever outside the reach of `` empirical synthesis `` .
the latter concepts , which he dubbed `` the ideas `` , have merely a regulative function , in the sense that they direct the activity of the understanding towards the ultimate goals of unity and completeness , which however [stay] forever outside the reach of `` empirical synthesis `` .

Moreover they remain meaningful irrespective of whether Jones has read or even heard of Tolstoy .
moreover they [stay] meaningful irrespective of whether jones has read or even heard of tolstoy .

None of these difficulties are likely to trouble us much in daily life , but they remain genuine difficulties none the less and raise issues of fundamental importance ; for if there can be no absolutely reliable and unequivocal criteria for deciding whether any given existent remains numerically , and not merely qualitatively , the same from one moment in time to the next , then we can not hope to be able to `` define `` the distinction between numerical and qualitative identity in terms of the criteria of particular-identification .
none of these difficulties are likely to trouble us much in daily life , but they [stay] genuine difficulties none the less and raise issues of fundamental importance ; for if there can be no absolutely reliable and unequivocal criteria for deciding whether any given existent remains numerically , and not merely qualitatively , the same from one moment in time to the next , then we can not hope to be able to `` define `` the distinction between numerical and qualitative identity in terms of the criteria of particular-identification .

All these options , it should be noted , remain within the basic framework of the categorial schema of objects and attributes , and this inevitably sets limits to what can be achieved by the respective philosophies of mind `` .
all these options , it should be noted , [stay] within the basic framework of the categorial schema of objects and attributes , and this inevitably sets limits to what can be achieved by the respective philosophies of mind `` .

The phosphodiester linkages at -41.5 and -42.5 ( upper strand ) and -45.5 , -46.5 remain sensitive to DNAaseI cleavage .
the phosphodiester linkages at -41.5 and -42.5 ( upper strand ) and -45.5 , -46.5 [stay] sensitive to dnaasei cleavage .

Although considerable variations remain in the levels of dependency ( as measured by activity of daily living scores ) of people accommodated in different forms of provision , this distinction seems to have narrowed since 1979 .
although considerable variations [stay] in the levels of dependency ( as measured by activity of daily living scores ) of people accommodated in different forms of provision , this distinction seems to have narrowed since 1979 .

In the face of such doubts a large number of mental health service users , including me , remain resolutely in favour of community care .
in the face of such doubts a large number of mental health service users , including me , [stay] resolutely in favour of community care .

Moreover , while there are good reasons for concern about the availability of services for ‘ revolving door patients ’ during the run down of the old psychiatric hospitals and while doubts remain over the capacity of district general hospital units to provide appropriate care to people in crisis , the relocation of the long stay population of psychiatric hospitals is achieving some successful results .
moreover , while there are good reasons for concern about the availability of services for ‘ revolving door patients ’ during the run down of the old psychiatric hospitals and while doubts [stay] over the capacity of district general hospital units to provide appropriate care to people in crisis , the relocation of the long stay population of psychiatric hospitals is achieving some successful results .

The goal must remain to improve risk factor stratification in order to target specific mechanisms .
the goal must [stay] to improve risk factor stratification in order to target specific mechanisms .

Until the specialty and , more importantly , the college recognise the value of an academic career and are willing to regard academics as equals , academic obstetrics and gynaecology will be an unpopular choice and will remain in the scientific shadow of medicine and surgery .
until the specialty and , more importantly , the college recognise the value of an academic career and are willing to regard academics as equals , academic obstetrics and gynaecology will be an unpopular choice and will [stay] in the scientific shadow of medicine and surgery .

Representatives from West Berlin were allowed to attend as ‘ observers ’ but Berlin was to remain under four-power occupation , legally separate from the rest of Germany .
representatives from west berlin were allowed to attend as ‘ observers ’ but berlin was to [stay] under four-power occupation , legally separate from the rest of germany .

The most usual category of finds needing conservation is metalwork , but this can often remain in a stable condition for several months ; on the other hand , finds such as those of wood or leather require immediate conservation on site as they are excavated .
the most usual category of finds needing conservation is metalwork , but this can often [stay] in a stable condition for several months ; on the other hand , finds such as those of wood or leather require immediate conservation on site as they are excavated .

The shape of a storage pot , for example , does not remain static — as copies are made , tiny errors inadvertently change its shape — so that after many such consecutive copies , the pot 's shape may appear significantly different from the first one .
the shape of a storage pot , for example , does not [stay] static — as copies are made , tiny errors inadvertently change its shape — so that after many such consecutive copies , the pot 's shape may appear significantly different from the first one .

In most cases , there are insufficient surviving remains to make it worthwhile conserving the site for public display : if it has been fully excavated , all that may remain to be seen are , literally , a few depressions in the natural subsoil , even if what was excavated above was quite spectacular .
in most cases , there are insufficient surviving remains to make it worthwhile conserving the site for public display : if it has been fully excavated , all that may [stay] to be seen are , literally , a few depressions in the natural subsoil , even if what was excavated above was quite spectacular .

As an air-raid had just begun they could not leave and had to remain in an ambience where , as they now acutely realised , they were not wanted and did not belong .
as an air-raid had just begun they could not leave and had to [stay] in an ambience where , as they now acutely realised , they were not wanted and did not belong .

His dustjackets for John Lehmann remain the most impressive , chiefly because in most cases Minton designed not only the image but also the lettering , the title , author 's name and publisher 's imprint appearing in his own seemingly casual but richly decorative script .
his dustjackets for john lehmann [stay] the most impressive , chiefly because in most cases minton designed not only the image but also the lettering , the title , author 's name and publisher 's imprint appearing in his own seemingly casual but richly decorative script .

From the manuscript notes which remain it is evident that Minton was again reworking ‘ The Hopkin Syndicate ’ , into a musical play entitled ‘ The Hopkin Myth ’ , which incorporates some of the lyrics he had originally composed for ‘ Uncorking Cork Street ’ .
from the manuscript notes which [stay] it is evident that minton was again reworking ‘ the hopkin syndicate ’ , into a musical play entitled ‘ the hopkin myth ’ , which incorporates some of the lyrics he had originally composed for ‘ uncorking cork street ’ .

Discussion of the inter-war years usually centres on industrial change , but North Shields resembles the rest of the North East here in that while it is true that the 1920s saw a good deal of structurally induced unemployment which reflected the position of traditional basic industries , and the 1930s saw the impact of work recession , these same basic industries began to recover in the run up to the Second World War in the mid-1930s and were to remain basic to the area until the early 1960s .
discussion of the inter-war years usually centres on industrial change , but north shields resembles the rest of the north east here in that while it is true that the 1920s saw a good deal of structurally induced unemployment which reflected the position of traditional basic industries , and the 1930s saw the impact of work recession , these same basic industries began to recover in the run up to the second world war in the mid-1930s and were to [stay] basic to the area until the early 1960s .

North and South Shields remain the home base for many British merchant seamen and officers with important training facilities at South Tyneside College .
north and south shields [stay] the home base for many british merchant seamen and officers with important training facilities at south tyneside college .

Thus Cameron Hall Developments , who built the Gates head Metro Centre , seem to have done so on borrowed money and to have sold out to the Church Commissioners , although they remain in charge of operations .
thus cameron hall developments , who built the gates head metro centre , seem to have done so on borrowed money and to have sold out to the church commissioners , although they [stay] in charge of operations .

Only a few of us remain , for though we do not age as mortals do , we can be killed , or in great unhappiness can choose to die .
only a few of us [stay] , for though we do not age as mortals do , we can be killed , or in great unhappiness can choose to die .

Nevertheless , there remain substantial inequalities in the relative access of women and men to housing because of the fact that men are more likely than women to have an income sufficient to support a mortgage or high rent .
nevertheless , there [stay] substantial inequalities in the relative access of women and men to housing because of the fact that men are more likely than women to have an income sufficient to support a mortgage or high rent .

The notion that domestic roles remain highly segregated while the wife is not in employment is widely confirmed .
the notion that domestic roles [stay] highly segregated while the wife is not in employment is widely confirmed .

In a study of professional and managerial workers , Edgell ( 1980 ) concludes ‘ that marital relationships remain highly segregated , unequal and husband-dominated ’ .
in a study of professional and managerial workers , edgell ( 1980 ) concludes ‘ that marital relationships [stay] highly segregated , unequal and husband-dominated ’ .

Those who can get out generally do ; those who can not , remain trapped by poor housing , declining job opportunities , inadequate public services , increasing crime and vandalism , worsening education , declining likelihood of new employment opportunities , increased likelihood of disturbances and riots , and so on .
those who can get out generally do ; those who can not , [stay] trapped by poor housing , declining job opportunities , inadequate public services , increasing crime and vandalism , worsening education , declining likelihood of new employment opportunities , increased likelihood of disturbances and riots , and so on .

The conclusions drawn by Drewry in 1973 remain apposite today .
the conclusions drawn by drewry in 1973 [stay] apposite today .

This section focuses on solicitors since they remain the initial point of contact for those seeking legal services from the profession .
this section focuses on solicitors since they [stay] the initial point of contact for those seeking legal services from the profession .

With some 15,500 outlets for their business , solicitors are likely to remain for some time the principal providers of legal services even if there is considerable expansion of alternatives to the use of solicitors for some legal work ( The Law Society , 1990 ) .
with some 15,500 outlets for their business , solicitors are likely to [stay] for some time the principal providers of legal services even if there is considerable expansion of alternatives to the use of solicitors for some legal work ( the law society , 1990 ) .

Lawyers offering legal services under the legal aid scheme must remain professionally independent .
lawyers offering legal services under the legal aid scheme must [stay] professionally independent .

In the progress to this climax bishops — particularly Stratford and Orleton — had been prominent : seeking his abdication , reporting his defiance , bullying him into acquiescence , and inducing parliament to consent to deposition lest doubts about his abdication remain .
in the progress to this climax bishops — particularly stratford and orleton — had been prominent : seeking his abdication , reporting his defiance , bullying him into acquiescence , and inducing parliament to consent to deposition lest doubts about his abdication [stay] .

But so long as there remain others where realism seems compelling , in those the sceptic 's challenge bites .
but so long as there [stay] others where realism seems compelling , in those the sceptic 's challenge bites .

The problem seems to lie , as it lay for the requirement that there be no relevant falsehood , in the way in which new true beliefs can be added piecemeal and overturn the existing justification , while there remain yet further truths waiting in the background to overturn the overturning .
the problem seems to lie , as it lay for the requirement that there be no relevant falsehood , in the way in which new true beliefs can be added piecemeal and overturn the existing justification , while there [stay] yet further truths waiting in the background to overturn the overturning .

Thus we could require as our fourth condition that our justification would remain even when every truth is added to our belief set , all at once .
thus we could require as our fourth condition that our justification would [stay] even when every truth is added to our belief set , all at once .

But other possible forms remain .
but other possible forms [stay] .

These different versions of foundationalism remain unharmed by the absence of infallibility .
these different versions of foundationalism [stay] unharmed by the absence of infallibility .

But if all we can do , in our attempts to specify the meaning of a non-observation statement , is to state some implications of that statement at the observational level , it seems that there will always be some aspects of that statement 's meaning which will escape us and remain unspecified .
but if all we can do , in our attempts to specify the meaning of a non-observation statement , is to state some implications of that statement at the observational level , it seems that there will always be some aspects of that statement 's meaning which will escape us and [stay] unspecified .

He assumes that entities referred to will remain constant , that the temporal setting will remain constant , that the locational setting will remain constant , unless the speaker indicates some change in any of these , in which case the hearer will minimally expand the context .
he assumes that entities referred to will [stay] constant , that the temporal setting will [stay] constant , that the locational setting will [stay] constant , unless the speaker indicates some change in any of these , in which case the hearer will minimally expand the context .

They assume that everything will remain as it was before unless they are given specific notice that some aspect has changed .
they assume that everything will [stay] as it was before unless they are given specific notice that some aspect has changed .

Only a few stragglers remain on the shore .
only a few stragglers [stay] on the shore .

Nor does such staggered hatching cause any difficulties for such birds as eagles which build inaccessible nests in the tops of trees where their young can remain in safety until they are able to take to the air themselves .
nor does such staggered hatching cause any difficulties for such birds as eagles which build inaccessible nests in the tops of trees where their young can [stay] in safety until they are able to take to the air themselves .

There the litter will remain , imbibing milk and growing rapidly for five weeks .
there the litter will [stay] , imbibing milk and growing rapidly for five weeks .

Now it can detach itself and move about within the pouch , but it will remain dependent upon her milk until it is eighteen months old .
now it can detach itself and move about within the pouch , but it will [stay] dependent upon her milk until it is eighteen months old .

The molecules of poison remain unchanged and potent , even after the caterpillars have reconstructed their bodies and turned into butterflies .
the molecules of poison [stay] unchanged and potent , even after the caterpillars have reconstructed their bodies and turned into butterflies .

But some at least remain in the animals ' stomachs and guts long enough for them to be carried away when the sated diners depart .
but some at least [stay] in the animals ' stomachs and guts long enough for them to be carried away when the sated diners depart .

Seeds of such a size remain in its gizzard for a little time while the rind is stripped off them and then later , perhaps when the bird has returned to one of its habitual perches , the nutmeg is regurgitated and falls to the ground .
seeds of such a size [stay] in its gizzard for a little time while the rind is stripped off them and then later , perhaps when the bird has returned to one of its habitual perches , the nutmeg is regurgitated and falls to the ground .

Animals , on the other hand , do not allow such a rich source of food to remain untapped .
animals , on the other hand , do not allow such a rich source of food to [stay] untapped .

The fire-bellied toad normally prefers to remain hidden and its back is patterned and coloured in a way that enables it to do so by blending in with its surroundings .
the fire-bellied toad normally prefers to [stay] hidden and its back is patterned and coloured in a way that enables it to do so by blending in with its surroundings .

Many males do not go far and remain in the lower reaches .
many males do not go far and [stay] in the lower reaches .

Their powers of navigation remain extraordinary .
their powers of navigation [stay] extraordinary .

When the palm leaf sways in the wind , it seems almost impossible that the single egg could remain in the tiny cup .
when the palm leaf sways in the wind , it seems almost impossible that the single egg could [stay] in the tiny cup .

Of the Production trio only Verity Lambert elected to remain .
of the production trio only verity lambert elected to [stay] .

Ian and Barbara , tired of hectic journeying , decide to remain at the villa .
ian and barbara , tired of hectic journeying , decide to [stay] at the villa .

To remain near the screens , he and Elaine had to stand close to the strange woman called Lacuna , but even Lacuna seemed less threatening than the jungle of lines and forms that were still proliferating everywhere else in the room .
to [stay] near the screens , he and elaine had to stand close to the strange woman called lacuna , but even lacuna seemed less threatening than the jungle of lines and forms that were still proliferating everywhere else in the room .

The Dukes halted the full scale destruction of the Forest , although only fragments remain today .
the dukes halted the full scale destruction of the forest , although only fragments [stay] today .

Once it has chosen a mate , it will probably remain loyal to mate and to burrow for the rest of its life — and one ringed Manx shear water is known to have lived for at least twenty-nine years .
once it has chosen a mate , it will probably [stay] loyal to mate and to burrow for the rest of its life — and one ringed manx shear water is known to have lived for at least twenty-nine years .

Meanwhile , the most useful descriptions remain a combination of the ‘ traditional ’ social grades , plus the other demographics ( age , sex , etc . )
meanwhile , the most useful descriptions [stay] a combination of the ‘ traditional ’ social grades , plus the other demographics ( age , sex , etc . )

There are few definitive answers , so that the skill , experience , judgement and negotiating skill of the media people remain vital ingredients in a successful advertising campaign .
there are few definitive answers , so that the skill , experience , judgement and negotiating skill of the media people [stay] vital ingredients in a successful advertising campaign .

The Airlift Sales Group representatives remain as listed in catalogues and continue to represent other distributed publishers .
the airlift sales group representatives [stay] as listed in catalogues and continue to represent other distributed publishers .

For an investor in bookish securities , the greatest potential rewards remain concentrated in my view in publishing , where the element of magic still applies .
for an investor in bookish securities , the greatest potential rewards [stay] concentrated in my view in publishing , where the element of magic still applies .

While their relationship managed to remain friendly they saw each other less and less in the years to come .
while their relationship managed to [stay] friendly they saw each other less and less in the years to come .

He did , however , continue to remain a director and shareholder in Virgin Atlantic until an agreement was reached in 1985 to buy out his shareholding .
he did , however , continue to [stay] a director and shareholder in virgin atlantic until an agreement was reached in 1985 to buy out his shareholding .

The weights remain bounded .
the weights [stay] bounded .

But the ultimate discretion whether to release will remain with me .
but the ultimate discretion whether to release will [stay] with me .

Secondly , does it remain her settled intention in the emergency which has now arisen where her life may be forfeited if she does not undergo that treatment ?
secondly , does it [stay] her settled intention in the emergency which has now arisen where her life may be forfeited if she does not undergo that treatment ?

However , now that it is necessary to identify the functions the judges are performing when they sit as visitors in cases which are concerned with the question whether people are fit and proper persons to become or remain barristers , we must for the first time examine their function in that context alone .
however , now that it is necessary to identify the functions the judges are performing when they sit as visitors in cases which are concerned with the question whether people are fit and proper persons to become or [stay] barristers , we must for the first time examine their function in that context alone .

It therefore follows , in our judgment , that although this has gone unnoticed for 119 years , the jurisdiction of the judges as visitors , in so far as it relates to questions as to the fitness of persons to become or remain barristers , is a jurisdiction which in 1873 was vested in the judges of the three common law courts , sitting elsewhere than in court or chambers , when acting as judges , in pursuance of custom .
it therefore follows , in our judgment , that although this has gone unnoticed for 119 years , the jurisdiction of the judges as visitors , in so far as it relates to questions as to the fitness of persons to become or [stay] barristers , is a jurisdiction which in 1873 was vested in the judges of the three common law courts , sitting elsewhere than in court or chambers , when acting as judges , in pursuance of custom .

At about this time Mr. Tee did have some connection with Winchester , but the extent of that connection and what was to remain of it are matters in dispute between the parties .
at about this time mr. tee did have some connection with winchester , but the extent of that connection and what was to [stay] of it are matters in dispute between the parties .

Mr. Beloff accepts that there remain issues between Lautro and Winchester and he further accepts that there may be room for argument as to whether the material now available would , if it had been produced before 30 October , have made a difference to the decision taken on that day .
mr. beloff accepts that there [stay] issues between lautro and winchester and he further accepts that there may be room for argument as to whether the material now available would , if it had been produced before 30 october , have made a difference to the decision taken on that day .

By a respondent 's notice dated 25 January 1992 the defendant sought that the judgment be affirmed on the additional ground that she was a residential occupier within the meaning of section 27 of the Act of 1988 because her right to remain in occupation was controlled by the Rent Act 1977 so that she could not be evicted except by enforcement of the possession order by a bailiff executing a warrant for possession , whether or not her statutory tenancy had been terminated by the possession order .
by a respondent 's notice dated 25 january 1992 the defendant sought that the judgment be affirmed on the additional ground that she was a residential occupier within the meaning of section 27 of the act of 1988 because her right to [stay] in occupation was controlled by the rent act 1977 so that she could not be evicted except by enforcement of the possession order by a bailiff executing a warrant for possession , whether or not her statutory tenancy had been terminated by the possession order .

‘ residential occupier , ’ in relation to any premises , means a person occupying the premises as a residence , whether under a contract or by virtue of any enactment or rule of law giving him the right to remain in occupation or restricting the right of any other person to recover possession of the premises .
‘ residential occupier , ’ in relation to any premises , means a person occupying the premises as a residence , whether under a contract or by virtue of any enactment or rule of law giving him the right to [stay] in occupation or restricting the right of any other person to recover possession of the premises .

Thereafter , she became a statutory tenant under section 2 ( 1 ) ( a ) , and giving the words of that subsection their natural meaning , it would appear that she was by the Act to remain a statutory tenant so long as she continued in occupation of the dwelling-house .
thereafter , she became a statutory tenant under section 2 ( 1 ) ( a ) , and giving the words of that subsection their natural meaning , it would appear that she was by the act to [stay] a statutory tenant so long as she continued in occupation of the dwelling-house .

The judge decided that the defendant was within that definition and could remain in possession .
the judge decided that the defendant was within that definition and could [stay] in possession .

Accordingly , in our judgment , the defendants remain entitled on the taking of the account to their costs on an indemnity basis .
accordingly , in our judgment , the defendants [stay] entitled on the taking of the account to their costs on an indemnity basis .

They also say that , until the court is able to determine what , if any , is the Government of Somalia with which Her Majesty 's Government has appropriate dealings of a governmental nature , the money in court should remain there .
they also say that , until the court is able to determine what , if any , is the government of somalia with which her majesty 's government has appropriate dealings of a governmental nature , the money in court should [stay] there .

She informed the father after she had reached England that she wished to remain in England with the children permanently .
she informed the father after she had reached england that she wished to [stay] in england with the children permanently .

They therefore consulted their solicitor to see if it was necessary for them to remain in this country for the purpose of attending the hearing in August .
they therefore consulted their solicitor to see if it was necessary for them to [stay] in this country for the purpose of attending the hearing in august .

In an agreement for the sale of land the vendor reserved the right to remain at the property after completion as licensee and to trade therefrom without payment of rent
in an agreement for the sale of land the vendor reserved the right to [stay] at the property after completion as licensee and to trade therefrom without payment of rent

In those circumstances , he had the jurisdiction under section 11 ( 7 ) to require the child to be returned , to direct the return of the child to the former matrimonial home and to the interim care of the father , and to direct that the three little girls should remain with their father pending an inter partes hearing of the application for a residence order .
in those circumstances , he had the jurisdiction under section 11 ( 7 ) to require the child to be returned , to direct the return of the child to the former matrimonial home and to the interim care of the father , and to direct that the three little girls should [stay] with their father pending an inter partes hearing of the application for a residence order .

If he had testified the alternatives would have been either for the judge to cross-examine him or for his evidence to remain untested and unchallenged .
if he had testified the alternatives would have been either for the judge to cross-examine him or for his evidence to [stay] untested and unchallenged .

Counsel for the Crown conceded , in our view rightly , that in a case where the prosecution has been completed and the judge thereafter refuses leave to the Crown to discontinue , it is counsel for the prosecution 's duty to remain in the case .
counsel for the crown conceded , in our view rightly , that in a case where the prosecution has been completed and the judge thereafter refuses leave to the crown to discontinue , it is counsel for the prosecution 's duty to [stay] in the case .

Alternatively , the profit was earned by the exploitation of property assets and arose or was derived from the places where those assets were when sold or licensed and remain ; all outside Hong Kong .
alternatively , the profit was earned by the exploitation of property assets and arose or was derived from the places where those assets were when sold or licensed and [stay] ; all outside hong kong .

Most owners at the front of the Sigma fleet will buy a new No1 genoa each year if they wish to remain competitive .
most owners at the front of the sigma fleet will buy a new no1 genoa each year if they wish to [stay] competitive .

Thus , if a Genesis sail will remain fast for even two seasons there will be a cost saving of nearly £700 .
thus , if a genesis sail will [stay] fast for even two seasons there will be a cost saving of nearly £700 .

Interestingly , the shrouds are taken down to a deep , galvanised , mild steel I-beam which runs between this bulkhead and the main bulkhead forward of the mast : ties are not taken down to the hull itself , so the lockers and shelving behind the settees remain unobstructed .
interestingly , the shrouds are taken down to a deep , galvanised , mild steel i-beam which runs between this bulkhead and the main bulkhead forward of the mast : ties are not taken down to the hull itself , so the lockers and shelving behind the settees [stay] unobstructed .

Cyrus we stand before your eternal dwelling to place to speak these solemn words ; sleep on in peace for ever , for we are awake and we remain to watch over your glorious heritage .
cyrus we stand before your eternal dwelling to place to speak these solemn words ; sleep on in peace for ever , for we are awake and we [stay] to watch over your glorious heritage .

Ashraf claimed later that she had wanted to leave with her father but he insisted that she remain because `` your brother needs you more `` .
ashraf claimed later that she had wanted to leave with her father but he insisted that she [stay] because `` your brother needs you more `` .

Inevitably there was a lot of sycophantic non sense around her too.Thus when she made a blood donation , the director of the clinic declared that the room would remain a shrine for her and everyone who now had a transfusion would insist that it was her divine blood that flowed and miraculously and potently into his veins .
inevitably there was a lot of sycophantic non sense around her too.thus when she made a blood donation , the director of the clinic declared that the room would [stay] a shrine for her and everyone who now had a transfusion would insist that it was her divine blood that flowed and miraculously and potently into his veins .

One of the people who advised him to remain in Morocco was the legendary Ardeshir Zahedi , son of the Shah 's prime minister in 1953 , and till recently the Iranian ambassador in Washington .
one of the people who advised him to [stay] in morocco was the legendary ardeshir zahedi , son of the shah 's prime minister in 1953 , and till recently the iranian ambassador in washington .

The spring can pour into the pond , but the pond will remain stagnant unless it is drained .
the spring can pour into the pond , but the pond will [stay] stagnant unless it is drained .

The developer has even offered to pay the £80,000 needed for this , but English Heritage remain obdurate .
the developer has even offered to pay the £80,000 needed for this , but english heritage [stay] obdurate .

It may tell you that your batteries are good , but it does n't say how long they will remain so !
it may tell you that your batteries are good , but it does n't say how long they will [stay] so !

Near-spent batteries are good , but it does n't say how long they will remain so !
near-spent batteries are good , but it does n't say how long they will [stay] so !

If the end of the line is fixed and the angles remain the same , then the conclusion can be made that a straight line links the various points .
if the end of the line is fixed and the angles [stay] the same , then the conclusion can be made that a straight line links the various points .

However , as Didcot church is no more a precise point than the Bishops Cannings church , the case for a precise alignment must remain unproven .
however , as didcot church is no more a precise point than the bishops cannings church , the case for a precise alignment must [stay] unproven .

They still want their identities to remain publicly unannounced .
they still want their identities to [stay] publicly unannounced .

The heavily publicized leading speaker was an exceedingly famous television personality of the day , who shall remain nameless Now , whenever this writer mentioned the name of Hannah Hauxwell , who was seated alongside him , he noticed a distinct ripple of excitement in the audience .
the heavily publicized leading speaker was an exceedingly famous television personality of the day , who shall [stay] nameless now , whenever this writer mentioned the name of hannah hauxwell , who was seated alongside him , he noticed a distinct ripple of excitement in the audience .

Most sufferers do n't realise their chiggers have departed because the eschars remain itchy for a long time afterwards .
most sufferers do n't realise their chiggers have departed because the eschars [stay] itchy for a long time afterwards .

That road ran out of money , and only small sections remain .
that road ran out of money , and only small sections [stay] .

Only 57 functioning pits now remain , employing 50,000 miners .
only 57 functioning pits now [stay] , employing 50,000 miners .

Some people who comply well with all that is suggested to them may have done little more than comply ( incidentally , much of the `` normal `` first year of recovery is reckoned to be little more than compliance ) and think erroneously after a few weeks of treatment that they have learnt all they need to know and have done all they need to do to remain free from addictive disease .
some people who comply well with all that is suggested to them may have done little more than comply ( incidentally , much of the `` normal `` first year of recovery is reckoned to be little more than compliance ) and think erroneously after a few weeks of treatment that they have learnt all they need to know and have done all they need to do to [stay] free from addictive disease .

They never surrender but try to remain `` in control `` of their addiction before ever getting into substantial recovery .
they never surrender but try to [stay] `` in control `` of their addiction before ever getting into substantial recovery .

The subsection provides that , for the purpose of such proceedings , the original board members are to remain in office .
the subsection provides that , for the purpose of such proceedings , the original board members are to [stay] in office .

( 4 ) The closure order shall remain in force until such time as the board satisfied that the matters which led to the closure order have been satisfactorily remedied .
( 4 ) the closure order shall [stay] in force until such time as the board satisfied that the matters which led to the closure order have been satisfactorily remedied .

( 5 ) An order under subsection ( 4 ) above shall remain in force until such time as the board is satisfied that the matters which led to the order have been satisfactorily remedied .
( 5 ) an order under subsection ( 4 ) above shall [stay] in force until such time as the board is satisfied that the matters which led to the order have been satisfactorily remedied .

However , very small deviations of a degree or two usually remain , and the deviation on various headings is recorded on a small card mounted close to the Compass .
however , very small deviations of a degree or two usually [stay] , and the deviation on various headings is recorded on a small card mounted close to the compass .

On the ground you remain orientated by the balance mechanism in your ears and the muscle , joint and skin receptors throughout your body ( `` seat of the pants `` sensors ) .
on the ground you [stay] orientated by the balance mechanism in your ears and the muscle , joint and skin receptors throughout your body ( `` seat of the pants `` sensors ) .

Instead , the Spirit of the Lord would rest and remain on such a man .
instead , the spirit of the lord would rest and [stay] on such a man .

And if the Spirit was truly to represent Jesus , he had to remain bound to the person and character of Jesus.Jesus was God 's Last Word to man ; and the function of the Spirit was not to give some new revelation of his own , but to bear witness to Jesus , to draw out the implications of God 's Last Word .
and if the spirit was truly to represent jesus , he had to [stay] bound to the person and character of jesus.jesus was god 's last word to man ; and the function of the spirit was not to give some new revelation of his own , but to bear witness to jesus , to draw out the implications of god 's last word .

The Spirit marks out Stephen as a special vehicle of God when he refuses to remain restricted to the static categories of the temple and moves into broader pastures ( 6:3,5,10 , 7:55 ) .
the spirit marks out stephen as a special vehicle of god when he refuses to [stay] restricted to the static categories of the temple and moves into broader pastures ( 6:3,5,10 , 7:55 ) .

But such summaries will inevitably remain speculative since we have only one source in the New Testament for determining the content of the early preaching to people who were not Christians , and that is the sermons in Acts .
but such summaries will inevitably [stay] speculative since we have only one source in the new testament for determining the content of the early preaching to people who were not christians , and that is the sermons in acts .

He repeats it in 4:13 , ‘ This is how we know that we remain in him , and he in us , because he has given us a portion of his Spirit .
he repeats it in 4:13 , ‘ this is how we know that we [stay] in him , and he in us , because he has given us a portion of his spirit .

If you do not keep all the things written in the book of the law , you remain under its curse as a lawbreaker As James put it in his Epistle , ‘ whoever shall keep the whole law , and yet offend in one point , is guilty of all ’ ( 2 : 10 ) .
if you do not keep all the things written in the book of the law , you [stay] under its curse as a lawbreaker as james put it in his epistle , ‘ whoever shall keep the whole law , and yet offend in one point , is guilty of all ’ ( 2 : 10 ) .

Secondly , even if man could achieve the impossible and live a perfect life , fulfilling the divine requirements in all particulars , a doctrine of merit would remain unacceptable to the God of the Bible .
secondly , even if man could achieve the impossible and live a perfect life , fulfilling the divine requirements in all particulars , a doctrine of merit would [stay] unacceptable to the god of the bible .

Even dressed as he now was , in a blue cotton jacket and trousers , he could never have been taken for an Italian , and since he was n't able to walk — he could only hop on one leg — or speak the language , he was hardly likely to remain free for long out in the open .
even dressed as he now was , in a blue cotton jacket and trousers , he could never have been taken for an italian , and since he was n't able to walk — he could only hop on one leg — or speak the language , he was hardly likely to [stay] free for long out in the open .

Now , with care , the owner of those stained panties would remain , for her , unknown , anonymous , a number in the biology series on a manila folder .
now , with care , the owner of those stained panties would [stay] , for her , unknown , anonymous , a number in the biology series on a manila folder .

Although any `` alternative doctrine must be highly speculative `` , the influential Halsbury 's Laws of England goes on to recognise that : `` for many constitutional theorists the question of whether parliamentary sovereignty presupposes that Parliament must always remain sovereign and can not be bound by the legislation of its predecessors , or whether Parliament 's sovereignty entitles it to restrict its power to legislate , or deprive itself of the power to legislate , remains open . ``
although any `` alternative doctrine must be highly speculative `` , the influential halsbury 's laws of england goes on to recognise that : `` for many constitutional theorists the question of whether parliamentary sovereignty presupposes that parliament must always [stay] sovereign and can not be bound by the legislation of its predecessors , or whether parliament 's sovereignty entitles it to restrict its power to legislate , or deprive itself of the power to legislate , remains open . ``

However , so long as we remain in the Community , Parliament has effectively handed over a number of functions that it has traditionally fulfilled .
however , so long as we [stay] in the community , parliament has effectively handed over a number of functions that it has traditionally fulfilled .

For instance , the relatively high costs of a quality orientated operation can only be justified if forecasts of market demand show that customers will remain insensitive to price increases , but sensitive to variations in product quality .
for instance , the relatively high costs of a quality orientated operation can only be justified if forecasts of market demand show that customers will [stay] insensitive to price increases , but sensitive to variations in product quality .

The projection may be linear or exponential , or may incorporate more complex calculations which make allowance for variation in the basic parameters assumed to remain constant in the simpler equations .
the projection may be linear or exponential , or may incorporate more complex calculations which make allowance for variation in the basic parameters assumed to [stay] constant in the simpler equations .

It is , of course , assumed that all other marketing factors remain constant in their impact on sales .
it is , of course , assumed that all other marketing factors [stay] constant in their impact on sales .

Without such market intelligence a company can not remain sensitive to its market .
without such market intelligence a company can not [stay] sensitive to its market .

Yet the band remain mysterious .
yet the band [stay] mysterious .

The only constraint is that the information is ‘ off the record ’ which means the source of the information must remain anonymous .
the only constraint is that the information is ‘ off the record ’ which means the source of the information must [stay] anonymous .

Since then it has expanded far beyond its original ‘ washing machine ’ image , but the underlying principles remain the same .
since then it has expanded far beyond its original ‘ washing machine ’ image , but the underlying principles [stay] the same .

Those schemes do not represent opting out , as hospitals will remain within the National Health Service .
those schemes do not represent opting out , as hospitals will [stay] within the national health service .

Will he note that it is rare for a mosque to be locked and that people of the Islamic faith remain in their mosques to ensure that they are not vandalised .
will he note that it is rare for a mosque to be locked and that people of the islamic faith [stay] in their mosques to ensure that they are not vandalised .

On sitting days from Monday to Thursday , two rows , each of 12 seats , remain available for peers from 2.30 pm to 5.30 pm .
on sitting days from monday to thursday , two rows , each of 12 seats , [stay] available for peers from 2.30 pm to 5.30 pm .

of CalMac employees who remain in the public sector , why can not it be the case with the rest who will be transferred to the private sector ?
of calmac employees who [stay] in the public sector , why can not it be the case with the rest who will be transferred to the private sector ?

Spender claims that ‘ if sexism were removed from the curriculum little would remain ' .
spender claims that ‘ if sexism were removed from the curriculum little would [stay] ' .

In the long run most products can be copied , and so one must keep innovating to remain different .
in the long run most products can be copied , and so one must keep innovating to [stay] different .

In future , all designers at ‘ Laura Ashley ’ were to remain anonymous and the company Image was kept under close control and scrutiny by Laura .
in future , all designers at ‘ laura ashley ’ were to [stay] anonymous and the company image was kept under close control and scrutiny by laura .

However much she might have wanted to remain aloof from publicity the female press corps had already identified her as the ‘ Woman Head ’ of a multi-million dollar international corporation and , through the same lens , saw her therefore as challenging a man 's world .
however much she might have wanted to [stay] aloof from publicity the female press corps had already identified her as the ‘ woman head ’ of a multi-million dollar international corporation and , through the same lens , saw her therefore as challenging a man 's world .

Her ability to remain utterly calm in such circumstances was extraordinary .
her ability to [stay] utterly calm in such circumstances was extraordinary .

However , those who came to Remaisnil for meetings could not but be struck by a paradox ; they were expected to remain in the château for meals and afterwards , until they retired to bed .
however , those who came to remaisnil for meetings could not but be struck by a paradox ; they were expected to [stay] in the château for meals and afterwards , until they retired to bed .

In fact , she would remain completely indifferent to him .
in fact , she would [stay] completely indifferent to him .

In any case , the attractiveness of the Dip.HE for mature students who are not required to possess the two A-levels qualification will presumably remain .
in any case , the attractiveness of the dip.he for mature students who are not required to possess the two a-levels qualification will presumably [stay] .

With their creation , the institutional pattern is settled and seems likely to remain so for some years to come .
with their creation , the institutional pattern is settled and seems likely to [stay] so for some years to come .

She willed her eyes to remain open until she felt her sister drift away from her into sleep , and then she prodded her ; Caterina groaned , but did not wake .
she willed her eyes to [stay] open until she felt her sister drift away from her into sleep , and then she prodded her ; caterina groaned , but did not wake .

But custom , who holds all things in her grip , especially the train of courtship in the Noonday of Italy , demanded that he take the initiative in wooing and she remain wordless , especially in company .
but custom , who holds all things in her grip , especially the train of courtship in the noonday of italy , demanded that he take the initiative in wooing and she [stay] wordless , especially in company .

If the winter is warm in Mexico they live as free individuals as in the summer , but when it turns cold they aggregate in dense groups , and remain still , in order to conserve energy .
if the winter is warm in mexico they live as free individuals as in the summer , but when it turns cold they aggregate in dense groups , and [stay] still , in order to conserve energy .

If you remain bareheaded we shall consider the proposition has been rejected and act accordingly .
if you [stay] bareheaded we shall consider the proposition has been rejected and act accordingly .

During the whole period , a conscious decision to remain unmarried signified a revolt against the prescribed feminine role , but only sometimes was this revolt consciously feminist .
during the whole period , a conscious decision to [stay] unmarried signified a revolt against the prescribed feminine role , but only sometimes was this revolt consciously feminist .

Women who did not deliberately choose to remain single out of conviction or because they wished to pursue a career , but who nevertheless ‘ got left on the shelf , were often made to feel that they were failures .
women who did not deliberately choose to [stay] single out of conviction or because they wished to pursue a career , but who nevertheless ‘ got left on the shelf , were often made to feel that they were failures .

But whereas Futurism had been to a large extent aimed at and against Paris and Parisian painting , the Germans were content to remain on the receiving end of things and their work , in the pre-war years at least , had little or no influence back on French art .
but whereas futurism had been to a large extent aimed at and against paris and parisian painting , the germans were content to [stay] on the receiving end of things and their work , in the pre-war years at least , had little or no influence back on french art .

Only their heads remain immediately legible , and these provide the spectator with a starting point for the reconstruction of the subject .
only their heads [stay] immediately legible , and these provide the spectator with a starting point for the reconstruction of the subject .

In the hall of the magicians she was supposed to remain a novice .
in the hall of the magicians she was supposed to [stay] a novice .

The formal incantation of such words would suffice for the tribunal to remain within the scope of its authority .
the formal incantation of such words would suffice for the tribunal to [stay] within the scope of its authority .

While we can thus remain within conventional discourse our very desire to review findings of evidence is indicative of the weakness of the jurisdictional straitjacket in which we operate .
while we can thus [stay] within conventional discourse our very desire to review findings of evidence is indicative of the weakness of the jurisdictional straitjacket in which we operate .

You could n't go around looking like Gwen Evans and hope to remain anonymous .
you could n't go around looking like gwen evans and hope to [stay] anonymous .

No one could remain unaffected by it .
no one could [stay] unaffected by it .

Sulphates are less subject to dry deposition than sulphur dioxide and consequently remain in the atmosphere for days , travelling up to several thousand kilometres in favourable meteorological and synoptic conditions .
sulphates are less subject to dry deposition than sulphur dioxide and consequently [stay] in the atmosphere for days , travelling up to several thousand kilometres in favourable meteorological and synoptic conditions .

Ironically , the longer radionuclides remain in the stratosphere , the weaker will be the radioactivity when they return to the earth 's surface .
ironically , the longer radionuclides [stay] in the stratosphere , the weaker will be the radioactivity when they return to the earth 's surface .

The global situation is that accidents such as Three Mile Island and Chernobyl have initiated a move away from nuclear power but many countries still remain fully committed to its development , albeit with greater concern for safety standards and procedures at nuclear reactors .
the global situation is that accidents such as three mile island and chernobyl have initiated a move away from nuclear power but many countries still [stay] fully committed to its development , albeit with greater concern for safety standards and procedures at nuclear reactors .

Whether or not the testing of nuclear weapons in the early 1960s caused a significant decrease in stratospheric ozone may remain controversial , but it is generally agreed by researchers that a future large-scale nuclear exchange with detonations totalling 5000–10,000 million tonnes would lead to substantial depletion of stratospheric ozone .
whether or not the testing of nuclear weapons in the early 1960s caused a significant decrease in stratospheric ozone may [stay] controversial , but it is generally agreed by researchers that a future large-scale nuclear exchange with detonations totalling 5000–10,000 million tonnes would lead to substantial depletion of stratospheric ozone .

Although average airborne levels of lead have decreased markedly throughout the country , problems remain around certain industrial sources such as the Herculaneum lead smelter in St Louis , Missouri , and the vehicle battery reprocessing plant in Wallkill , New York .
although average airborne levels of lead have decreased markedly throughout the country , problems [stay] around certain industrial sources such as the herculaneum lead smelter in st louis , missouri , and the vehicle battery reprocessing plant in wallkill , new york .

Perhaps , when the battles were over and Ireland was whole once more , they would return , but perhaps they would simply remain in the hill-farms and the distant mountains , forging their own cultures , making their own legends , weaving their strange secret stories into the fabric of Ireland 's history .
perhaps , when the battles were over and ireland was whole once more , they would return , but perhaps they would simply [stay] in the hill-farms and the distant mountains , forging their own cultures , making their own legends , weaving their strange secret stories into the fabric of ireland 's history .

Two years later , however , in a further White Paper , Rates : Proposals for Rate Limitation and Reform of the Rating System ( 1983 ) , the government recognized that wide consultation had failed to find any consensus for an alternative local tax , and conceded that rates should remain for the foreseeable future as the main source of local government revenue .
two years later , however , in a further white paper , rates : proposals for rate limitation and reform of the rating system ( 1983 ) , the government recognized that wide consultation had failed to find any consensus for an alternative local tax , and conceded that rates should [stay] for the foreseeable future as the main source of local government revenue .

The advocates of ‘ rational administration ’ remain just one voice amongst many .
the advocates of ‘ rational administration ’ [stay] just one voice amongst many .

6 ) to these developments was firmly to assert the need for officers to remain neutral and to serve the council collectively .
6 ) to these developments was firmly to assert the need for officers to [stay] neutral and to serve the council collectively .

Despite the changes outlined in the 1988 White Paper , chief officers in many authorities remain likely to experience continuing tensions between the professional requirements of neutrality and the political demands of councillors .
despite the changes outlined in the 1988 white paper , chief officers in many authorities [stay] likely to experience continuing tensions between the professional requirements of neutrality and the political demands of councillors .

With non-departmental bodies , as Johnson ( 1982 , p. 213 ) observes , ‘ accountability of Ministers ’ must remain ‘ attenuated ’ , for ‘ otherwise there would be little point in having this form of administrative organisation ’ .
with non-departmental bodies , as johnson ( 1982 , p. 213 ) observes , ‘ accountability of ministers ’ must [stay] ‘ attenuated ’ , for ‘ otherwise there would be little point in having this form of administrative organisation ’ .

But the questions on which he focused attention — in particular , the permanence of a restricted group of personnel in power , and the tendency of this not to be related directly and specifically to economic structure — remain a central part of modern critiques of Marxist analysis .
but the questions on which he focused attention — in particular , the permanence of a restricted group of personnel in power , and the tendency of this not to be related directly and specifically to economic structure — [stay] a central part of modern critiques of marxist analysis .

The exploited areas ( in this case the south of Italy ) remain underdeveloped and poor because the more advanced sectors , which control the state , direct and dominate the underdeveloped areas in a way which blocks any attempt at organisation and cooperation with them .
the exploited areas ( in this case the south of italy ) [stay] underdeveloped and poor because the more advanced sectors , which control the state , direct and dominate the underdeveloped areas in a way which blocks any attempt at organisation and cooperation with them .

Conflict would seem by definition to be incompatible with integration … In reality , however , conflict and integration are incompatible only with respect to the particular actions and intentions constitutive of the conflict , and the particular ends sought by each of the parties to the conflict … The parties to a conflict remain , moreover , parts of a single society by virtue of their acknowledgement of a common name , by their participation in certain common divisions of labour and allocation from which they can not extricate themselves except by secession , emigration or anchoritic or cenobitic withdrawal .
conflict would seem by definition to be incompatible with integration … in reality , however , conflict and integration are incompatible only with respect to the particular actions and intentions constitutive of the conflict , and the particular ends sought by each of the parties to the conflict … the parties to a conflict [stay] , moreover , parts of a single society by virtue of their acknowledgement of a common name , by their participation in certain common divisions of labour and allocation from which they can not extricate themselves except by secession , emigration or anchoritic or cenobitic withdrawal .

Weird and wonderfully designed cars , motor-bikes , planes , improved engines , and year-by-year variations in efficiency , finish and fashion-features there may have been ; but the principle of the piston-and-cylinder internal combustion engine , oil-based products as fuel , and wheels for movement along the ground all remain .
weird and wonderfully designed cars , motor-bikes , planes , improved engines , and year-by-year variations in efficiency , finish and fashion-features there may have been ; but the principle of the piston-and-cylinder internal combustion engine , oil-based products as fuel , and wheels for movement along the ground all [stay] .

Even granted hebbian principles , all such questions would remain to be addressed , and answering them helps to decide at what level of cellular complexity memories are represented within the brain .
even granted hebbian principles , all such questions would [stay] to be addressed , and answering them helps to decide at what level of cellular complexity memories are represented within the brain .

The extraordinary feature of this ceaseless flux is that structures of the cells and the body they compose remain constant whilst their components are replaced .
the extraordinary feature of this ceaseless flux is that structures of the cells and the body they compose [stay] constant whilst their components are replaced .

Having been synthesized it has to be transported to the part of the cell in which it is required ; there it will remain for its lifetime of hours , weeks or months until it is due for renewal , when it is pulled out of place in the cell and broken down by enzymes as quickly as it was previously synthesized , its building blocks ( the amino acids ) being recycled in the synthesis of other proteins .
having been synthesized it has to be transported to the part of the cell in which it is required ; there it will [stay] for its lifetime of hours , weeks or months until it is due for renewal , when it is pulled out of place in the cell and broken down by enzymes as quickly as it was previously synthesized , its building blocks ( the amino acids ) being recycled in the synthesis of other proteins .

Relieved of its weight of ice the land too has risen , but many former coastal areas , including sites of human settlement , remain under the sea around present-day northern coasts .
relieved of its weight of ice the land too has risen , but many former coastal areas , including sites of human settlement , [stay] under the sea around present-day northern coasts .

Where the ground is frozen for most of the year , soils that contain water remain solid except for a brief spell each summer , when they thaw to a depth that varies with latitude and local conditions .
where the ground is frozen for most of the year , soils that contain water [stay] solid except for a brief spell each summer , when they thaw to a depth that varies with latitude and local conditions .

True soils develop from these unpromising beginnings when fine materials , accumulated by water or wind , remain stable long enough to differentiate chemically into horizontal bands or horizons ( Campbell and Claridge , 1987 ) .
true soils develop from these unpromising beginnings when fine materials , accumulated by water or wind , [stay] stable long enough to differentiate chemically into horizontal bands or horizons ( campbell and claridge , 1987 ) .

In dry polar deserts ahumic soils tend to remain ahumic indefinitely .
in dry polar deserts ahumic soils tend to [stay] ahumic indefinitely .

Though summer moisture and warmth encourage vegetation , soil mobility discourages it , and the most active spots in patterned ground remain uncolonized ( Figure 3.9 ) .
though summer moisture and warmth encourage vegetation , soil mobility discourages it , and the most active spots in patterned ground [stay] uncolonized ( figure 3.9 ) .

Deeper lakes are likely to have the bottom sediment-covered , and the lower water layers may remain unstirred and stagnant .
deeper lakes are likely to have the bottom sediment-covered , and the lower water layers may [stay] unstirred and stagnant .

The spring water temperatures remain low and fairly constant throughout the year , seldom falling to freezing point in winter or rising above 8–11° in summer .
the spring water temperatures [stay] low and fairly constant throughout the year , seldom falling to freezing point in winter or rising above 8–11° in summer .

They accumulate from annual melt-water off the mountains and ice-sheets ; their temperatures remain close to freezing point during a superficial summer thaw , though some of the deeper ones may have a permanently unfrozen core .
they accumulate from annual melt-water off the mountains and ice-sheets ; their temperatures [stay] close to freezing point during a superficial summer thaw , though some of the deeper ones may have a permanently unfrozen core .

Those of the maritime region remain moist for a longer season , and usually remain protected by ice or snow , if not by water , throughout winter .
those of the maritime region [stay] moist for a longer season , and usually [stay] protected by ice or snow , if not by water , throughout winter .

Outside the basin only northeast Greenland and the channels of the Canadian archipelago remain heavily invested in ice , though a ‘ northwest passage ’ is usually navigable between the mainland and Banks and Victoria islands .
outside the basin only northeast greenland and the channels of the canadian archipelago [stay] heavily invested in ice , though a ‘ northwest passage ’ is usually navigable between the mainland and banks and victoria islands .

Waters that are ice-covered remain unstirred by wind , and all particles including algae tend to sink and not be replaced .
waters that are ice-covered [stay] unstirred by wind , and all particles including algae tend to sink and not be replaced .

Sunlight is still plentiful , the waters continue to be well-mixed by turbulence , and nitrates and phosphates ( which often limit aquatic production ) remain abundant except in very local areas ( Hardy and Gunther , 1936 ; Balech and others , 1968 ) .
sunlight is still plentiful , the waters continue to be well-mixed by turbulence , and nitrates and phosphates ( which often limit aquatic production ) [stay] abundant except in very local areas ( hardy and gunther , 1936 ; balech and others , 1968 ) .

Rosettes , mats , cushions and tussocks create internal microenvironments that are more favourable to growth than the world outside ; temperatures and humidities measured among growing shoots in spring are usually higher than ambient , though soil and root temperatures may remain lower .
rosettes , mats , cushions and tussocks create internal microenvironments that are more favourable to growth than the world outside ; temperatures and humidities measured among growing shoots in spring are usually higher than ambient , though soil and root temperatures may [stay] lower .

Where the growing season in short , a successful stratagem of many plants is to remain small , grow short flowering stems , and invest their small savings of energy in a few well-endowed seeds .
where the growing season in short , a successful stratagem of many plants is to [stay] small , grow short flowering stems , and invest their small savings of energy in a few well-endowed seeds .

For body temperature to remain stable , the excess heat must be shed in exhalation and by radiation , conduction , evaporation and convection from the body surface .
for body temperature to [stay] stable , the excess heat must be shed in exhalation and by radiation , conduction , evaporation and convection from the body surface .

Today there is very little hunting in Antarctic waters , and stocks of the larger whales remain sadly depleted .
today there is very little hunting in antarctic waters , and stocks of the larger whales [stay] sadly depleted .

There was no snideness in his-tone so Blanche decided to remain aloof . ‘ How do you know that ? ’
there was no snideness in his-tone so blanche decided to [stay] aloof . ‘ how do you know that ? ’

Eileen 's commanding officer took them to a room and gave them tea , and tried to explain to them that it was better for her to remain .
eileen 's commanding officer took them to a room and gave them tea , and tried to explain to them that it was better for her to [stay] .

Groups formed in this way tended to remain relatively stable , moving as a whole from one activity to another , although in a few classes they were formed only for specific activities ( generally mathematics ) and disbanded for the rest of the day .
groups formed in this way tended to [stay] relatively stable , moving as a whole from one activity to another , although in a few classes they were formed only for specific activities ( generally mathematics ) and disbanded for the rest of the day .

It is not always easy to balance challenges and skills even when working with a single child on a relatively straightforward task ; for these class teachers working with mixed ability groups in settings where the normal practice was for several different tasks in different curriculum areas to be undertaken simultaneously , an adequate balance between challenges and skills throughout the group had to remain an aspiration rather than an achievement .
it is not always easy to balance challenges and skills even when working with a single child on a relatively straightforward task ; for these class teachers working with mixed ability groups in settings where the normal practice was for several different tasks in different curriculum areas to be undertaken simultaneously , an adequate balance between challenges and skills throughout the group had to [stay] an aspiration rather than an achievement .

Moreover , and this concerns policy-makers at least as much as teachers themselves , where certain dilemmas remain unresolvable because they are rooted not so much in particular classroom strategies as the inbuilt limitations of the generalist class teacher system , the professional , political and resource implications must be squarely faced .
moreover , and this concerns policy-makers at least as much as teachers themselves , where certain dilemmas [stay] unresolvable because they are rooted not so much in particular classroom strategies as the inbuilt limitations of the generalist class teacher system , the professional , political and resource implications must be squarely faced .

Yet questions remain about those many schools still locked in the traditional relationship of ‘ casual acquaintances ’ or ‘ bureaucrat and claimant ’ discussed earlier .
yet questions [stay] about those many schools still locked in the traditional relationship of ‘ casual acquaintances ’ or ‘ bureaucrat and claimant ’ discussed earlier .

Specialisation , consultancy and the streamlining of headship may produce greater efficiency , but in respect of what ? Ideas imposed more effectively on children and teachers than in the 1960s , but which remain , as ideas , as ill-conceived as ever ? Primary education certainly needs to review its professional procedures , but far more pressing is the need to review the ideas which such procedures seek to implement . ( Alexander 1984 : 209 )
specialisation , consultancy and the streamlining of headship may produce greater efficiency , but in respect of what ? ideas imposed more effectively on children and teachers than in the 1960s , but which [stay] , as ideas , as ill-conceived as ever ? primary education certainly needs to review its professional procedures , but far more pressing is the need to review the ideas which such procedures seek to implement . ( alexander 1984 : 209 )

However , if staff are to remain in touch with each other , and the head is to remain in touch with all staff , close attention needs to be paid to communication , and to ensuring that managerial procedures like school philosophies and policy statements remain rooted in day-to-day needs and realities rather than take on a life of their own .
however , if staff are to [stay] in touch with each other , and the head is to [stay] in touch with all staff , close attention needs to be paid to communication , and to ensuring that managerial procedures like school philosophies and policy statements [stay] rooted in day-to-day needs and realities rather than take on a life of their own .

It does not proposals currently under discussion make it clear that advisory influence on individual careers will remain highly significant ( Leeds City Council 1991c ) .
it does not proposals currently under discussion make it clear that advisory influence on individual careers will [stay] highly significant ( leeds city council 1991c ) .

The physical conditions in which Merrion House members of the advisory team had to work were , and at the time of going to press remain , grossly inadequate .
the physical conditions in which merrion house members of the advisory team had to work were , and at the time of going to press [stay] , grossly inadequate .

His report ( Cmnd 1432 , 1961 ) resulted in major reforms in the system of Treasury control , many of which remain in place today , though substantially modified in the intervening years .
his report ( cmnd 1432 , 1961 ) resulted in major reforms in the system of treasury control , many of which [stay] in place today , though substantially modified in the intervening years .

The spending control cycle will remain largely unchanged .
the spending control cycle will [stay] largely unchanged .

Though the fundamentals of cash planning remained , the Treasury had to adapt and refine its strategy through the 1980s in response to the pressure it was under to remain ahead of the game ( Thain and Wright , 1990 ) .
though the fundamentals of cash planning remained , the treasury had to adapt and refine its strategy through the 1980s in response to the pressure it was under to [stay] ahead of the game ( thain and wright , 1990 ) .

Nevertheless , over time many authorities ' spending patterns do tend to be perpetuated ; the high spenders on education remain high spenders , the low spenders on services for the elderly remain laggards .
nevertheless , over time many authorities ' spending patterns do tend to be perpetuated ; the high spenders on education [stay] high spenders , the low spenders on services for the elderly [stay] laggards .

There were many arguments about the validity of taking death rates as a proxy for ill health , but in the absence of agreement on anything better , they remain ( Mays and Bevan , 1987 ) .
there were many arguments about the validity of taking death rates as a proxy for ill health , but in the absence of agreement on anything better , they [stay] ( mays and bevan , 1987 ) .

Whatever government is in power in the 1990s , the purchaser–provider split is likely to remain .
whatever government is in power in the 1990s , the purchaser–provider split is likely to [stay] .

How did you tell a man who had just expressed his undying love for you and his need to remain in your arms for ever and ever that he was separated from you by a distance of fifty years , and that only by some perverse and cruel trick of time had you been allowed to meet at all ?
how did you tell a man who had just expressed his undying love for you and his need to [stay] in your arms for ever and ever that he was separated from you by a distance of fifty years , and that only by some perverse and cruel trick of time had you been allowed to meet at all ?

She decided to remain where she was until she could be sure of what she would find outside the closed front door .
she decided to [stay] where she was until she could be sure of what she would find outside the closed front door .

As indicated above , the Cuban revolution induced Soviet leaders to modify the view ( hitherto almost as firmly believed in the Kremlin as in the White House ) that the Latin American nations were destined to remain trapped in a position of subservience to the United States .
as indicated above , the cuban revolution induced soviet leaders to modify the view ( hitherto almost as firmly believed in the kremlin as in the white house ) that the latin american nations were destined to [stay] trapped in a position of subservience to the united states .

The second factor , which constitutes an additional hypothesis which will be explored in the following chapters , is that there are highly significant and fundamental economic and geographical determinants which have acted in the past to constrain Soviet activities in the region and which will remain a crucial obstacle to an increased Soviet presence , even in the context of a more favourable political climate .
the second factor , which constitutes an additional hypothesis which will be explored in the following chapters , is that there are highly significant and fundamental economic and geographical determinants which have acted in the past to constrain soviet activities in the region and which will [stay] a crucial obstacle to an increased soviet presence , even in the context of a more favourable political climate .

Firstly , counter-revolutionary forces on the continent , armed and trained ( particularly since the Cuban revolution ) by the pentagon , remain impressively strong , and in Central America are backed up by the threat of military action by the United States itself , as recent events in Nicaragua and El Salvador have reaffirmed .
firstly , counter-revolutionary forces on the continent , armed and trained ( particularly since the cuban revolution ) by the pentagon , [stay] impressively strong , and in central america are backed up by the threat of military action by the united states itself , as recent events in nicaragua and el salvador have reaffirmed .

In fact , throughout this first period , Eisenhower 's official policy was to remain aloof , fearful that any direct intervention would make Castro a martyr .
in fact , throughout this first period , eisenhower 's official policy was to [stay] aloof , fearful that any direct intervention would make castro a martyr .

Either the lady who had been his companion the night before was leaving , in which case it would be bad manners to notice , or she intended to remain , and would return to the chamber when she was ready .
either the lady who had been his companion the night before was leaving , in which case it would be bad manners to notice , or she intended to [stay] , and would return to the chamber when she was ready .

‘ And why we were forced to remain .
‘ and why we were forced to [stay] .

Alexei thought that it was on the whole foolish to remain where he was while there was an armed trooper to guard the two women .
alexei thought that it was on the whole foolish to [stay] where he was while there was an armed trooper to guard the two women .

‘ Then their motives remain a matter for question , ’ Artai observed .
‘ then their motives [stay] a matter for question , ’ artai observed .

However , not all sections were ‘ incorporated ’ in this way : ‘ whilst the ‘ respectable ’ sections of the working class have increased in size , the gap between them and the dwindling lower-working class , including the sections who remain ‘ rough ’ , has widened ' ( ibid .
however , not all sections were ‘ incorporated ’ in this way : ‘ whilst the ‘ respectable ’ sections of the working class have increased in size , the gap between them and the dwindling lower-working class , including the sections who [stay] ‘ rough ’ , has widened ' ( ibid .

However , Paletz and his colleagues remain critical of the journalists ' over-reliance on official sources of information about the riot ( i.e .
however , paletz and his colleagues [stay] critical of the journalists ' over-reliance on official sources of information about the riot ( i.e .

These officers were accused by complainants of failing to remain impartial , of adopting hostile and dismissive attitudes towards them and of using complainants ' own statements as evidence against them in court .
these officers were accused by complainants of failing to [stay] impartial , of adopting hostile and dismissive attitudes towards them and of using complainants ' own statements as evidence against them in court .

But they remain islands .
but they [stay] islands .

Lost , disordered , fearful , we follow what signs there remain ; we read the street names , but can not be confident where we are .
lost , disordered , fearful , we follow what signs there [stay] ; we read the street names , but can not be confident where we are .

And if you study his private life , he teaches courage , stoicism , friendship ; the importance of intelligence , scepticism and wit ; the folly of cheap patriotism ; the virtue of being able to remain by yourself in your own room ; the hatred of hypocrisy ; distrust of the doctrinaire ; the need for plain speaking .
and if you study his private life , he teaches courage , stoicism , friendship ; the importance of intelligence , scepticism and wit ; the folly of cheap patriotism ; the virtue of being able to [stay] by yourself in your own room ; the hatred of hypocrisy ; distrust of the doctrinaire ; the need for plain speaking .

’ If asked the source of this little-known epigram , smile mysteriously and remain silent .
’ if asked the source of this little-known epigram , smile mysteriously and [stay] silent .

The conflict between actively fashioning language and allowing oneself to be constructed by conventional systems is provisionally resolved by valorizing submissiveness as Christian humility , but present are the basic elements of a dilemma which is to remain with Brooke-Rose for several decades .
the conflict between actively fashioning language and allowing oneself to be constructed by conventional systems is provisionally resolved by valorizing submissiveness as christian humility , but present are the basic elements of a dilemma which is to [stay] with brooke-rose for several decades .

The questions raised by conceptual material are discussed by the main characters and illustrated in their actions , but in neither case do they affect the plot structure itself which marks a return to formal strategies of the past : Under the Net to the picaresque tradition , and The Languages of Love to the paradigmatic plot of fall and salvation in which rhetorical devices remain subservient to the basic three-tiered design of Christian allegory .
the questions raised by conceptual material are discussed by the main characters and illustrated in their actions , but in neither case do they affect the plot structure itself which marks a return to formal strategies of the past : under the net to the picaresque tradition , and the languages of love to the paradigmatic plot of fall and salvation in which rhetorical devices [stay] subservient to the basic three-tiered design of christian allegory .

She was brought up in France just before the Second World War , but as an adolescent she was sent to spend a year with relatives in Germany where she was forced to remain when fighting broke out .
she was brought up in france just before the second world war , but as an adolescent she was sent to spend a year with relatives in germany where she was forced to [stay] when fighting broke out .

Market forces remain free because of public imagery about the feckless , the idle and the deviant .
market forces [stay] free because of public imagery about the feckless , the idle and the deviant .

Three houses remain to be sold at the development , with prices currently between £164,950 and £189,000 .
three houses [stay] to be sold at the development , with prices currently between £164,950 and £189,000 .

Although just two properties remain for sale at Birse Homes ' Hutton Grange development in Weston-Super-Mare , Avon , the builder promises more bungalows are soon to be released .
although just two properties [stay] for sale at birse homes ' hutton grange development in weston-super-mare , avon , the builder promises more bungalows are soon to be released .

For those who remain on the amateur circuit , three international events , all taking place in Britain , will be the highlights of the 1991 season .
for those who [stay] on the amateur circuit , three international events , all taking place in britain , will be the highlights of the 1991 season .

They will cock to their maximum at the start if the downswing and if no effort is made to make the clubhead catch up , they will remain in this position through impact .
they will cock to their maximum at the start if the downswing and if no effort is made to make the clubhead catch up , they will [stay] in this position through impact .

The consultative document published in 1987 followed the principle that had been acknowledged for some time , drawing a distinction between essential items which were to remain free , and desirable but not essential items for which charges could be made , a distinction not in practice very easy to make .
the consultative document published in 1987 followed the principle that had been acknowledged for some time , drawing a distinction between essential items which were to [stay] free , and desirable but not essential items for which charges could be made , a distinction not in practice very easy to make .

It was clear from the beginning that the government was going to remain firm on the question of tenure , but a concerted campaign secured two concessions : the clause relating to the dismissal of senior staff was withdrawn and a statement guaranteeing academic freedom was written into the Bill .
it was clear from the beginning that the government was going to [stay] firm on the question of tenure , but a concerted campaign secured two concessions : the clause relating to the dismissal of senior staff was withdrawn and a statement guaranteeing academic freedom was written into the bill .

The system of parental contributions is unfair and unacceptable in that it expects students to remain dependent on parents into adulthood .
the system of parental contributions is unfair and unacceptable in that it expects students to [stay] dependent on parents into adulthood .

Even if they remain in employment , the combined costs of mortgage payments and maintenance may be difficult to meet .
even if they [stay] in employment , the combined costs of mortgage payments and maintenance may be difficult to meet .

If the houses are bought by the council then the occupants remain secure tenants , but if a private landlord or a housing association becomes the new owner then occupants become assured tenants .
if the houses are bought by the council then the occupants [stay] secure tenants , but if a private landlord or a housing association becomes the new owner then occupants become assured tenants .

The Unit also provides additional resources for housing investment in local authority estates where large numbers of houses remain empty because of insufficient funds for renovation .
the unit also provides additional resources for housing investment in local authority estates where large numbers of houses [stay] empty because of insufficient funds for renovation .

Kin ties remain the most important source of informal care for the majority of the population … Within the web of kinship relations , the nuclear family is central and the source of most caring relationships .
kin ties [stay] the most important source of informal care for the majority of the population … within the web of kinship relations , the nuclear family is central and the source of most caring relationships .

Furthermore , while male activity rates are likely to remain constant between 1987 and 1995 , women 's activity rates will go on rising .
furthermore , while male activity rates are likely to [stay] constant between 1987 and 1995 , women 's activity rates will go on rising .

Though lifts and fire stairs have been newly built , many of the original structures — particularly the timber beams and cast iron columns — remain .
though lifts and fire stairs have been newly built , many of the original structures — particularly the timber beams and cast iron columns — [stay] .

It was , however , often necessary for the owners to cut their carriage rates to remain in competition with the railways .
it was , however , often necessary for the owners to cut their carriage rates to [stay] in competition with the railways .

Canal channels and structures need general repair and maintenance in order that the waterways can remain open to traffic .
canal channels and structures need general repair and maintenance in order that the waterways can [stay] open to traffic .

Hitchhiking across Czechoslovakia during a snowstorm , wearing a hot pink Luhta skisuit , has to be one of the memories that will remain with me forever .
hitchhiking across czechoslovakia during a snowstorm , wearing a hot pink luhta skisuit , has to be one of the memories that will [stay] with me forever .

Do n't forget that altitude is also a factor , and the higher you go the longer into the day a slope of spring snow will remain hard .
do n't forget that altitude is also a factor , and the higher you go the longer into the day a slope of spring snow will [stay] hard .

The case ‘ will determine whether a seventh of British waterways … ( among the navigable rivers ) … will remain open … access to rivers that have been used for thousands of years could become open to challenge ’ .
the case ‘ will determine whether a seventh of british waterways … ( among the navigable rivers ) … will [stay] open … access to rivers that have been used for thousands of years could become open to challenge ’ .

Knit until only two stitches remain on your needles .
knit until only two stitches [stay] on your needles .

Knit until only two stitches remain , then knit these two stitches together ( 10 stitches on needle ) .
knit until only two stitches [stay] , then knit these two stitches together ( 10 stitches on needle ) .

Finikounda will remain a superb resort for any windsurfer who loves the idea of a holiday in unspoilt Greece .
finikounda will [stay] a superb resort for any windsurfer who loves the idea of a holiday in unspoilt greece .

If we fail to do so , economic policies will remain more show than substance and the unemployed , the low-paid and others on low incomes , as well as manufacturing industries and small businesses , will continue to suffer as we lurch from one recession to the next .
if we fail to do so , economic policies will [stay] more show than substance and the unemployed , the low-paid and others on low incomes , as well as manufacturing industries and small businesses , will continue to suffer as we lurch from one recession to the next .

Even if such an arrangement is adopted each person will remain liable for their own charge and in the event of non-payment any outstanding amount will be recovered from each person in the normal way .
even if such an arrangement is adopted each person will [stay] liable for their own charge and in the event of non-payment any outstanding amount will be recovered from each person in the normal way .

Continued to support elderly owner occupiers to remain in their own homes .
continued to support elderly owner occupiers to [stay] in their own homes .

Fares will remain unchanged .
fares will [stay] unchanged .

Business with industrial and commercial companies and financial institutions is expected to remain flat in the next quarter but business with individuals is likely to fall further .
business with industrial and commercial companies and financial institutions is expected to [stay] flat in the next quarter but business with individuals is likely to fall further .

Why he did not pay the full amount must remain a mystery .
why he did not pay the full amount must [stay] a mystery .

‘ We want to give each company the opportunity to develop strategies for new product development to ensure that we remain ahead of the competition in each area of business .
‘ we want to give each company the opportunity to develop strategies for new product development to ensure that we [stay] ahead of the competition in each area of business .

However the capacity will remain limited and fragile .
however the capacity will [stay] limited and fragile .

But , despite growing international recognition of the plight of elephants on general , the wider problems of their conservation remain .
but , despite growing international recognition of the plight of elephants on general , the wider problems of their conservation [stay] .

However , as Angela explains , ‘ You are a natural sounding board and if you remain focused and have your back secure , you 'll find your voice reaches the other person without you having to try to project it .
however , as angela explains , ‘ you are a natural sounding board and if you [stay] focused and have your back secure , you 'll find your voice reaches the other person without you having to try to project it .

Many other widows of a similar age , however , remain lonely and embittered , having lost all the shared intimacy in their lives .
many other widows of a similar age , however , [stay] lonely and embittered , having lost all the shared intimacy in their lives .

Politicians ca n't force people to adopt Green lifestyles , and people remain dependent on politicians to set the legislative pace .
politicians ca n't force people to adopt green lifestyles , and people [stay] dependent on politicians to set the legislative pace .

But while only a fool would argue that smoking is harmless , many people remain blissfully ignorant about the dangers of the sun .
but while only a fool would argue that smoking is harmless , many people [stay] blissfully ignorant about the dangers of the sun .

Such a child will remain vulnerable , says Kagan .
such a child will [stay] vulnerable , says kagan .

At the centre there are a handful who hold important roles at the Cliburn , and those who always have the calm look of those who have taken on difficult jobs and remain , despite myriad new crises , absolutely in control : Susan Tilley , chairman of the board of the Van Cliburn Foundation ; Mildred Fender , the social chairman for this year 's competition ; Richard Rodzinski , director of the foundation ; and John Giordano , chairman of the jury .
at the centre there are a handful who hold important roles at the cliburn , and those who always have the calm look of those who have taken on difficult jobs and [stay] , despite myriad new crises , absolutely in control : susan tilley , chairman of the board of the van cliburn foundation ; mildred fender , the social chairman for this year 's competition ; richard rodzinski , director of the foundation ; and john giordano , chairman of the jury .

They are unable to relax because of a constant need to remain in control of their emotional responses and thought processes , ’ she explains .
they are unable to relax because of a constant need to [stay] in control of their emotional responses and thought processes , ’ she explains .

And , unfortunately , the situation is likely to remain rather explosive and uncertain until the full Moon in Libra on 10 April brings to light all the information you require to force a showdown .
and , unfortunately , the situation is likely to [stay] rather explosive and uncertain until the full moon in libra on 10 april brings to light all the information you require to force a showdown .

He never ceased to wonder at the irony of expecting miracles from a reliquary in which her bones had once lain for only three days and nights , before being returned reverently to her native Welsh earth ; and even more to be wondered at , the infinite mercy that had transmitted grace through all those miles between , forgiven the presence of a sorry human sinner in the coffin she had quitted , and let the radiance of miracle remain invisibly about her altar , unpredictable , accessible , a shade wanton in where it gave and where it denied , as the stuff of miracles is liable to be , at least to the human view .
he never ceased to wonder at the irony of expecting miracles from a reliquary in which her bones had once lain for only three days and nights , before being returned reverently to her native welsh earth ; and even more to be wondered at , the infinite mercy that had transmitted grace through all those miles between , forgiven the presence of a sorry human sinner in the coffin she had quitted , and let the radiance of miracle [stay] invisibly about her altar , unpredictable , accessible , a shade wanton in where it gave and where it denied , as the stuff of miracles is liable to be , at least to the human view .

No , here he must remain until he could come forth vindicated .
no , here he must [stay] until he could come forth vindicated .

For example , there remain clear differences in unemployment levels between northern and southern Italy , or different parts of France .
for example , there [stay] clear differences in unemployment levels between northern and southern italy , or different parts of france .

In many ways , the modernization of industry and training remain critical for Britain 's future in that market .
in many ways , the modernization of industry and training [stay] critical for britain 's future in that market .

The most fundamental criticism challenges the contention that productivity in the service sector must necessarily remain low , because human tasks such as cooking , nursing or teaching can not readily be replaced by machines .
the most fundamental criticism challenges the contention that productivity in the service sector must necessarily [stay] low , because human tasks such as cooking , nursing or teaching can not readily be replaced by machines .

Whatever the level of national economic success , certain areas will remain disadvantaged .
whatever the level of national economic success , certain areas will [stay] disadvantaged .

However , there were additional ‘ differential shifts ’ , further differences in performance , which were most marked in Scotland and the North West , and which remain for discussion .
however , there were additional ‘ differential shifts ’ , further differences in performance , which were most marked in scotland and the north west , and which [stay] for discussion .

Their future may be to show the worst urban decay and deviance in a depressed and divided society ; at best , they will remain well behind the South and much of Europe in sharing the gains of an advanced material culture .
their future may be to show the worst urban decay and deviance in a depressed and divided society ; at best , they will [stay] well behind the south and much of europe in sharing the gains of an advanced material culture .

Chadwick had always insisted that ultimate sanitary authority needed to remain with non-medical administrators .
chadwick had always insisted that ultimate sanitary authority needed to [stay] with non-medical administrators .

It concluded that the Simonian concept of state medicine was far in advance of public opinion and was likely to remain so for some time to come .
it concluded that the simonian concept of state medicine was far in advance of public opinion and was likely to [stay] so for some time to come .

In this last respect , though in no other , we were probably luckier than the other people , many of whom became ( and remain ) colleagues and friends , and for whom comparable educational problems opened up career opportunities very similar to ours .
in this last respect , though in no other , we were probably luckier than the other people , many of whom became ( and [stay] ) colleagues and friends , and for whom comparable educational problems opened up career opportunities very similar to ours .

Even those who seek to be integrated into the new culture ( or ‘ go native ’ as it used to be called ) will remain strangers in the new culture .
even those who seek to be integrated into the new culture ( or ‘ go native ’ as it used to be called ) will [stay] strangers in the new culture .

When the land was elevated , and the climate improved , the arctic plants retreated up the mountainsides in order to remain in an environment similar to that from which they had been derived .
when the land was elevated , and the climate improved , the arctic plants retreated up the mountainsides in order to [stay] in an environment similar to that from which they had been derived .

He studied how seeds could be carried in the mud clinging to the feet of birds , and also experimented on how long seeds could remain immersed in salt water and still be fertile .
he studied how seeds could be carried in the mud clinging to the feet of birds , and also experimented on how long seeds could [stay] immersed in salt water and still be fertile .

Only Rohmer appeared to remain unmoved by the hideous cacophony as Cardiff strode hurriedly past him .
only rohmer appeared to [stay] unmoved by the hideous cacophony as cardiff strode hurriedly past him .

Two men would remain ‘ on shift ’ , to be relieved by two others when all of the team had returned through this furious storm to Central Headquarters .
two men would [stay] ‘ on shift ’ , to be relieved by two others when all of the team had returned through this furious storm to central headquarters .

In fact , all a person would need to do in the middle of a Darkfall storm would be to remain calm , not touch anything — unless he or she is wearing gloves and wait for the effect to pass .
in fact , all a person would need to do in the middle of a darkfall storm would be to [stay] calm , not touch anything — unless he or she is wearing gloves and wait for the effect to pass .

She must remain in control of herself and her actions .
she must [stay] in control of herself and her actions .

How long , Charlotte wondered as she bit her lip to hold the tears at bay , would the question remain unanswered ?
how long , charlotte wondered as she bit her lip to hold the tears at bay , would the question [stay] unanswered ?

Charlotte Ladram was more obviously nervous than he had known her to be on any previous occasion and professed herself reluctant to remain indoors , let alone cook a meal .
charlotte ladram was more obviously nervous than he had known her to be on any previous occasion and professed herself reluctant to [stay] indoors , let alone cook a meal .

Always the same circular conversation , leading , through every variation , back to where she had started and seemed likely to remain .
always the same circular conversation , leading , through every variation , back to where she had started and seemed likely to [stay] .

Donna feared they might remain unanswered forever .
donna feared they might [stay] unanswered forever .

If the sadness is there but not ever directly expressed by crying … the mucous membranes remain chronically inflamed , never really pouring out mucous and never really resting .
if the sadness is there but not ever directly expressed by crying … the mucous membranes [stay] chronically inflamed , never really pouring out mucous and never really resting .

He pointed to the sky and then to the clearing , to the path that led to the cabin where Sycorax lay , and Kit understood that he had been granted permission to remain three cycles of the moon .
he pointed to the sky and then to the clearing , to the path that led to the cabin where sycorax lay , and kit understood that he had been granted permission to [stay] three cycles of the moon .

Dulé sent word from Oualie : ‘ They intend to remain — let me steal Sycorax and Ariel away and then attack them . What else should we do ? ’
dulé sent word from oualie : ‘ they intend to [stay] — let me steal sycorax and ariel away and then attack them . what else should we do ? ’

Certainly , there remain some domains of research which are disinterested , but the incentive to have an eye to the main chance grows .
certainly , there [stay] some domains of research which are disinterested , but the incentive to have an eye to the main chance grows .

For the moment , most essential academic freedoms remain , and the question can be answered in the affirmative , with the tongue only slightly in the cheek .
for the moment , most essential academic freedoms [stay] , and the question can be answered in the affirmative , with the tongue only slightly in the cheek .

Until that day arrives they remain a useful way of detecting the desktop publishing bore !
until that day arrives they [stay] a useful way of detecting the desktop publishing bore !

Patterns can be set to either remain fixed while shapes rotate over them or they can rotate with the shape , the two modes can not be mixed within an illustration .
patterns can be set to either [stay] fixed while shapes rotate over them or they can rotate with the shape , the two modes can not be mixed within an illustration .

Therefore , resistance to control on the part of workers , and the conflict which follows from this , remain a constant feature of the labour process .
therefore , resistance to control on the part of workers , and the conflict which follows from this , [stay] a constant feature of the labour process .

Repeated surveys have shown that a large majority of people remain convinced that Britain is much more strike-prone than other industrial countries , that strikes cause severe economic disruption and that they are a major contributor to the country 's industrial decline ( Taylor , 1980 , p.13 ) .
repeated surveys have shown that a large majority of people [stay] convinced that britain is much more strike-prone than other industrial countries , that strikes cause severe economic disruption and that they are a major contributor to the country 's industrial decline ( taylor , 1980 , p.13 ) .

The superior will exact responsibility from the subordinate for the authority delegated but he will remain responsible himself too .
the superior will exact responsibility from the subordinate for the authority delegated but he will [stay] responsible himself too .

To avoid such costs of duplication some specialised departments ( eg data processing , the legal department ) may remain centralised .
to avoid such costs of duplication some specialised departments ( eg data processing , the legal department ) may [stay] centralised .

Why he took the side of Parliament against the king must remain surmise , unless explained by family connections and/or religious commitment .
why he took the side of parliament against the king must [stay] surmise , unless explained by family connections and/or religious commitment .

His brother decided to remain in Holland and died in Rotterdam .
his brother decided to [stay] in holland and died in rotterdam .

He also urged that hospital wards be vacated and thoroughly cleansed every four months , that iron beds be used , that patients be washed on admission and dressed in clean clothes and that their own clothing be cleaned before discharge , that infectious patients be denied admission , that patients with offensive sores and surgical patients be placed in separate rooms , that hospitals remain uncrowded , that the windows of each ward be opened daily , and that infirmaries remove patients to country houses for recovery .
he also urged that hospital wards be vacated and thoroughly cleansed every four months , that iron beds be used , that patients be washed on admission and dressed in clean clothes and that their own clothing be cleaned before discharge , that infectious patients be denied admission , that patients with offensive sores and surgical patients be placed in separate rooms , that hospitals [stay] uncrowded , that the windows of each ward be opened daily , and that infirmaries remove patients to country houses for recovery .

His origins remain obscure : he was known in Coventry and Wiltshire , and later in Kent .
his origins [stay] obscure : he was known in coventry and wiltshire , and later in kent .

There remain six Marian votive antiphons ( four able to be completed ) , six settings of the Mass ( plus one in a fragmentary state , and three lost ) , one Magnificat , and a complete weekly cycle of seven three-part alternatim settings of the Lady Mass .
there [stay] six marian votive antiphons ( four able to be completed ) , six settings of the mass ( plus one in a fragmentary state , and three lost ) , one magnificat , and a complete weekly cycle of seven three-part alternatim settings of the lady mass .

He was himself forced to remain in England to defend his interests and never settled in his colony ; he appointed first his brother Leonard [ q.v . ]
he was himself forced to [stay] in england to defend his interests and never settled in his colony ; he appointed first his brother leonard [ q.v . ]

Though he sought to remain neutral during the English civil war , commissioners empowered by Parliament took control of the colony in 1652 and continued to administer Maryland until Oliver Cromwell restored Calvert 's proprietary rights in 1657 .
though he sought to [stay] neutral during the english civil war , commissioners empowered by parliament took control of the colony in 1652 and continued to administer maryland until oliver cromwell restored calvert 's proprietary rights in 1657 .

The date and place of his birth , and the early years of his Bohemian adult life , remain obscure , although it is known that he worked as an actor in England and travelled widely on the Continent .
the date and place of his birth , and the early years of his bohemian adult life , [stay] obscure , although it is known that he worked as an actor in england and travelled widely on the continent .

, Christopher ( c. 1650–1695 ) , chemist and laboratory technician , was born about 1650 , probably in Oxford , though his origins remain obscure .
, christopher ( c. 1650–1695 ) , chemist and laboratory technician , was born about 1650 , probably in oxford , though his origins [stay] obscure .

Despite her previous marriage , Æthelthryth had always lived as a virgin and was determined to remain one , retiring altogether to live as a nun in Coldingham about 672 .
despite her previous marriage , æthelthryth had always lived as a virgin and was determined to [stay] one , retiring altogether to live as a nun in coldingham about 672 .

It was a clear case of personal patronage , but he was to remain executive head for thirty-three years .
it was a clear case of personal patronage , but he was to [stay] executive head for thirty-three years .

However , at Rigby 's instance , the Royal Navy afforded Majid the necessary support and the insurrection failed , Barghash being sent to Bombay where he was compelled to remain for eighteen months .
however , at rigby 's instance , the royal navy afforded majid the necessary support and the insurrection failed , barghash being sent to bombay where he was compelled to [stay] for eighteen months .

Educated at Sir George Monoux Grammar School and Sidney Sussex College , Cambridge , he was to remain in the college for the rest of his life .
educated at sir george monoux grammar school and sidney sussex college , cambridge , he was to [stay] in the college for the rest of his life .

His decisive handling of affairs at the outbreak of war in 1914 helped avert a financial crisis , and he was invited to remain in office beyond the normal two years .
his decisive handling of affairs at the outbreak of war in 1914 helped avert a financial crisis , and he was invited to [stay] in office beyond the normal two years .

On the surrender of the abbey to the king 's commissioners in December 1539 , the buildings assigned ‘ to remain undefaced ’ were given into the custody of its former steward , Sir Edward Baynton , but all those ‘ deemed to be superfluous ’ were committed to Stumpe as Baynton 's deputy : they included the church , cloister , chapter house , dormitory , frater , and infirmary .
on the surrender of the abbey to the king 's commissioners in december 1539 , the buildings assigned ‘ to [stay] undefaced ’ were given into the custody of its former steward , sir edward baynton , but all those ‘ deemed to be superfluous ’ were committed to stumpe as baynton 's deputy : they included the church , cloister , chapter house , dormitory , frater , and infirmary .

Dunne himself went out of his way to insist that his theory was free from any occult taint ; but An Experiment with Time , revised and expanded in 1934 , was to remain in print for over half a century ; and ironically , it won the reputation of doing more to convince the general public of the reality of clairvoyance , in the form of precognition , than all the labours of the psychical researchers whom Dunne so mistrusted .
dunne himself went out of his way to insist that his theory was free from any occult taint ; but an experiment with time , revised and expanded in 1934 , was to [stay] in print for over half a century ; and ironically , it won the reputation of doing more to convince the general public of the reality of clairvoyance , in the form of precognition , than all the labours of the psychical researchers whom dunne so mistrusted .

When all was degenerating into ritual farcical chaos around him , Lynn would remain the essence of sweet reason , achieving an almost transcendental calm and tranquillity partly because he retained an almost permanent inability to grasp the realities around him .
when all was degenerating into ritual farcical chaos around him , lynn would [stay] the essence of sweet reason , achieving an almost transcendental calm and tranquillity partly because he retained an almost permanent inability to grasp the realities around him .

The specific causes of Hooley 's failure remain obscure , owing partly to deliberate obfuscation and partly to the erratic nature of his business methods , including a total absence of accounts .
the specific causes of hooley 's failure [stay] obscure , owing partly to deliberate obfuscation and partly to the erratic nature of his business methods , including a total absence of accounts .

He successfully ran it as what he wished it to remain , the last of the medieval halls ; he never wanted it to have full collegiate status .
he successfully ran it as what he wished it to [stay] , the last of the medieval halls ; he never wanted it to have full collegiate status .

William Edwards , who died in Halifax in January 1808 , was characterized by his final obituarist in the Gentleman 's Magazine as ‘ of no common estimation for the energies of his mind ’ and his creative approach to bookbinding has ensured that his name will remain esteemed by collectors and historians of the book .
william edwards , who died in halifax in january 1808 , was characterized by his final obituarist in the gentleman 's magazine as ‘ of no common estimation for the energies of his mind ’ and his creative approach to bookbinding has ensured that his name will [stay] esteemed by collectors and historians of the book .

So long as women 's studies options exist , the rest of the curriculum which is not women 's studies , and the structures in which knowledge is constructed , managed and transmitted , can remain unchanged .
so long as women 's studies options exist , the rest of the curriculum which is not women 's studies , and the structures in which knowledge is constructed , managed and transmitted , can [stay] unchanged .

It seems extreme and many women , for reasons of poverty , children and physical fear remain in unsatisfactory relationships without hope of change .
it seems extreme and many women , for reasons of poverty , children and physical fear [stay] in unsatisfactory relationships without hope of change .

The argument for feminist education , free from male control , is not as a remedial exercise , it is because we have important work to do together , from which we can not afford to be distracted by the interference and destruction we know happens when men remain in control .
the argument for feminist education , free from male control , is not as a remedial exercise , it is because we have important work to do together , from which we can not afford to be distracted by the interference and destruction we know happens when men [stay] in control .

The level of unemployment , at least in the short to medium term , is likely to remain high ; therefore , so the argument goes , it is essential that unemployed people , in both their own interests and those of the wider society , do not drift into alienation or even ‘ subversion ’ .
the level of unemployment , at least in the short to medium term , is likely to [stay] high ; therefore , so the argument goes , it is essential that unemployed people , in both their own interests and those of the wider society , do not drift into alienation or even ‘ subversion ’ .

The critical questions which remain unanswered relate to the objectives of this approach .
the critical questions which [stay] unanswered relate to the objectives of this approach .

In contrast , however , with the position on the death of a member , the bankrupt will remain a member and be entitled to attend and vote — though he will have to do so in accordance with the directions of the trustee .
in contrast , however , with the position on the death of a member , the bankrupt will [stay] a member and be entitled to attend and vote — though he will have to do so in accordance with the directions of the trustee .

This right of enforcement is further enhanced by the fact that English insolvency law permits a chargee to remain outside the insolvency proceedings and to enforce his charge independently of such proceedings .
this right of enforcement is further enhanced by the fact that english insolvency law permits a chargee to [stay] outside the insolvency proceedings and to enforce his charge independently of such proceedings .

So long as assets remain available they will have caused the company to borrow on mortgage , but when the company 's credit is exhausted they may attempt to keep the company afloat by themselves making unsecured loans to it .
so long as assets [stay] available they will have caused the company to borrow on mortgage , but when the company 's credit is exhausted they may attempt to keep the company afloat by themselves making unsecured loans to it .

But there may be legitimate reasons for incorporating a company which is intended to remain dormant indefinitely or for retaining on the register a company which for the time being has ceased to carry on business but which the members may wish to use at some time in the future for the same or some different business .
but there may be legitimate reasons for incorporating a company which is intended to [stay] dormant indefinitely or for retaining on the register a company which for the time being has ceased to carry on business but which the members may wish to use at some time in the future for the same or some different business .

Even though the offence is a relatively minor one , the words remain ‘ strong ’ ones , and the criminal sanction should not be invoked unless its use is really called for .
even though the offence is a relatively minor one , the words [stay] ‘ strong ’ ones , and the criminal sanction should not be invoked unless its use is really called for .

’ The section is intended to give the police power to impose conditions on ‘ coercive ’ marches which will not necessarily give rise to disorder ; a National Front march through a predominantly Asian district may well prompt many of the citizens simply to board up their properties and remain indoors .
’ the section is intended to give the police power to impose conditions on ‘ coercive ’ marches which will not necessarily give rise to disorder ; a national front march through a predominantly asian district may well prompt many of the citizens simply to board up their properties and [stay] indoors .

Where a prosecution is brought under section 20 ( theatres ) or section 22 ( cable broadcasting ) , the provisions of the earlier legislation as to such matters as using scripts as evidence , making copies of scripts and records and powers of entry and inspection remain applicable .
where a prosecution is brought under section 20 ( theatres ) or section 22 ( cable broadcasting ) , the provisions of the earlier legislation as to such matters as using scripts as evidence , making copies of scripts and records and powers of entry and inspection [stay] applicable .

Being constrained upon penalty to leave the place where one would prefer to remain is surely such an interference , calling for justification .
being constrained upon penalty to leave the place where one would prefer to [stay] is surely such an interference , calling for justification .

It may well be that the police did have justification in their reasonable fear that a breach of the peace would ensue if they did not remain where they were , and if they did not issue instructions to the appellants to leave .
it may well be that the police did have justification in their reasonable fear that a breach of the peace would ensue if they did not [stay] where they were , and if they did not issue instructions to the appellants to leave .

If a person is convicted in such circumstances , his right to remain silent is abrogated and set at nought .
if a person is convicted in such circumstances , his right to [stay] silent is abrogated and set at nought .

At any point while the word is being spoken , the set of detectors which remain activated is known as the cohort .
at any point while the word is being spoken , the set of detectors which [stay] activated is known as the cohort .

Other possible inferences , such as that the teacher was angry , would remain appropriate but would not be essential for interpretation .
other possible inferences , such as that the teacher was angry , would [stay] appropriate but would not be essential for interpretation .

This dissipates with weathering , so , if your pool is constructed during late summer and is likely to remain empty throughout the winter , it will ‘ cure ’ itself .
this dissipates with weathering , so , if your pool is constructed during late summer and is likely to [stay] empty throughout the winter , it will ‘ cure ’ itself .

Allowed to remain in the cool waters of the pool , they take a considerable time to reappear and fulfil their role , and often fall prey to browsing water snails .
allowed to [stay] in the cool waters of the pool , they take a considerable time to reappear and fulfil their role , and often fall prey to browsing water snails .

as these will ‘ drown ’ if cut below water level , so sufficient length should remain to allow for a fluctuating water level .
as these will ‘ drown ’ if cut below water level , so sufficient length should [stay] to allow for a fluctuating water level .

What was remarkable about this state of affairs , however , was not the difficulties of parliamentary control that the executive experienced , but its ability , even in those difficult conditions , to get a great deal of legislation passed and to remain in office .
what was remarkable about this state of affairs , however , was not the difficulties of parliamentary control that the executive experienced , but its ability , even in those difficult conditions , to get a great deal of legislation passed and to [stay] in office .

The upshot is that incumbent governments tend to remain incumbent even when they have not got things arranged as conveniently as they would like .
the upshot is that incumbent governments tend to [stay] incumbent even when they have not got things arranged as conveniently as they would like .

In the period of glasnost and perestroika incipient group politics could be observed , but its likely development and its characteristics following the breakup of the Soviet Union remain a matter for speculation .
in the period of glasnost and perestroika incipient group politics could be observed , but its likely development and its characteristics following the breakup of the soviet union [stay] a matter for speculation .

It does not necessarily have to develop along Western lines to remain democratic .
it does not necessarily have to develop along western lines to [stay] democratic .

In the United States the President is elected every four years and , according to the constitution since President Eisenhower , no president is constitutionally eligible to remain in office for more than two successive four-year terms .
in the united states the president is elected every four years and , according to the constitution since president eisenhower , no president is constitutionally eligible to [stay] in office for more than two successive four-year terms .

Its members will be drawn mainly from the Commons ( the lower elected house ) , a few will be from the same party in the Lords ( the non-elected upper house ) and , although they remain in Parliament as MPs or peers , their role is very much as members of the executive , aiming to steer their programme through the assembly with as few complications or delays as possible .
its members will be drawn mainly from the commons ( the lower elected house ) , a few will be from the same party in the lords ( the non-elected upper house ) and , although they [stay] in parliament as mps or peers , their role is very much as members of the executive , aiming to steer their programme through the assembly with as few complications or delays as possible .

However , even when legal principles are committed to one constitutional document , set out in legal codes or reiterated by judges over time , they tend to remain highly ambiguous and not worth the paper they are printed on until somebody — the judiciary — interprets and defers to them in their judgments , and somebody else — the executive — enforces those judgments .
however , even when legal principles are committed to one constitutional document , set out in legal codes or reiterated by judges over time , they tend to [stay] highly ambiguous and not worth the paper they are printed on until somebody — the judiciary — interprets and defers to them in their judgments , and somebody else — the executive — enforces those judgments .

Any political activity by the military tends to be discussed in terms of ‘ intervention ’ because of the widespread belief in liberal democracies that the military should remain outside politics .
any political activity by the military tends to be discussed in terms of ‘ intervention ’ because of the widespread belief in liberal democracies that the military should [stay] outside politics .

One sort of policing which , almost by definition , is likely to remain beyond any form of democratic control is that concerned with the survival of the state itself .
one sort of policing which , almost by definition , is likely to [stay] beyond any form of democratic control is that concerned with the survival of the state itself .

For many political scientists involved in the study of global politics , issues of peace and war remain the principal focus of analysis , a priority with which the peoples of war-torn former Yugoslavia or the post-Soviet Caucasus may well concur .
for many political scientists involved in the study of global politics , issues of peace and war [stay] the principal focus of analysis , a priority with which the peoples of war-torn former yugoslavia or the post-soviet caucasus may well concur .

All three have different implications for the central question addressed by this chapter : to what extent will the nation-state remain the principal unit of political organization and focus of allegiance in the twenty-first century ?
all three have different implications for the central question addressed by this chapter : to what extent will the nation-state [stay] the principal unit of political organization and focus of allegiance in the twenty-first century ?

Nevertheless , national security issues and the incidence of military conflict remain highly significant .
nevertheless , national security issues and the incidence of military conflict [stay] highly significant .

States remain important global actors but their struggle to retain independent status precludes solutions to global problems .
states [stay] important global actors but their struggle to retain independent status precludes solutions to global problems .

The actuals remain of importance but in these kinds of organizations they take an equal place alongside the budget .
the actuals [stay] of importance but in these kinds of organizations they take an equal place alongside the budget .

Nevertheless , though difficulties remain in locating each possible measurement focus , the idea is one that provides an escape from the dominant ( if woolly ) notion of accruals accounting as an all-or-nothing alternative to cash accounting .
nevertheless , though difficulties [stay] in locating each possible measurement focus , the idea is one that provides an escape from the dominant ( if woolly ) notion of accruals accounting as an all-or-nothing alternative to cash accounting .

Maintaining initial capital intact would be useless if you wanted to remain in the same business .
maintaining initial capital intact would be useless if you wanted to [stay] in the same business .

This might lead us to conclude that in the case where taxes can not bear the additional charges resulting from depreciation accounting ( which is another way of saying that there is not the political will to impose them ) , in order to retain control of the charge to revenue accounts , the existing system will remain .
this might lead us to conclude that in the case where taxes can not bear the additional charges resulting from depreciation accounting ( which is another way of saying that there is not the political will to impose them ) , in order to retain control of the charge to revenue accounts , the existing system will [stay] .

The dual responsibilities , to the employer and to the profession , remain problematic : the professional response has been to offer on-line access to ethical guidance .
the dual responsibilities , to the employer and to the profession , [stay] problematic : the professional response has been to offer on-line access to ethical guidance .

But particularly in a public sector context , where appeals to the public interest could be assumed to be more common , profound questions remain which can not be resolved by terse definitions .
but particularly in a public sector context , where appeals to the public interest could be assumed to be more common , profound questions [stay] which can not be resolved by terse definitions .

As the right leg is lifted on the turn , it should remain high and close to the body .
as the right leg is lifted on the turn , it should [stay] high and close to the body .

Further pleas for macro-geomorphology have been made by Summerfield ( 1981 ) arguing for a more secure basis of geophysical , sedimentological and geochronometric , data and the potential for megageomorphology may remain ( Gardner and Scoging , 1983 ) .
further pleas for macro-geomorphology have been made by summerfield ( 1981 ) arguing for a more secure basis of geophysical , sedimentological and geochronometric , data and the potential for megageomorphology may [stay] ( gardner and scoging , 1983 ) .

The distinction has to be considered at least to some extent because only by identifying what has been done in the past can one see how deficiencies remain to be corrected in the future research agenda .
the distinction has to be considered at least to some extent because only by identifying what has been done in the past can one see how deficiencies [stay] to be corrected in the future research agenda .

It seems to remain unduly descriptive and obsessed with detailed case studies .
it seems to [stay] unduly descriptive and obsessed with detailed case studies .

However as Harvey ( 1969 , p. 449 ) noted , systems concepts , although old , had tended to remain on the fringe of scientific interest acting more as constraints than as subjects for intensive investigation .
however as harvey ( 1969 , p. 449 ) noted , systems concepts , although old , had tended to [stay] on the fringe of scientific interest acting more as constraints than as subjects for intensive investigation .

Still rattled , she walked away from the cab , leaving the remain in the front seat .
still rattled , she walked away from the cab , leaving the [stay] in the front seat .

Iris elected to remain with Philippe Bonard for the time being and Jack undertook to drive her back when she was ready .
iris elected to [stay] with philippe bonard for the time being and jack undertook to drive her back when she was ready .

‘ Indeed ? ’ His face registered delighted anticipation . ‘ Then , if you would also remain here for a few moments , Madame Ash , perhaps Madame Craig would be so kind as to come this way ? ’
‘ indeed ? ’ his face registered delighted anticipation . ‘ then , if you would also [stay] here for a few moments , madame ash , perhaps madame craig would be so kind as to come this way ? ’

But the non-aligned states remain interested in a demilitarisation of the Mediterranean .
but the non-aligned states [stay] interested in a demilitarisation of the mediterranean .

The treaty appears to remain valid although no official protocol to extend it was adopted in 1985 .
the treaty appears to [stay] valid although no official protocol to extend it was adopted in 1985 .

In their view this Soviet withdrawal , and the policy of ‘ Finlandisation ’ which Finland ostensibly embarked on , had been enabled by Sweden 's decision to remain neutral after the war .
in their view this soviet withdrawal , and the policy of ‘ finlandisation ’ which finland ostensibly embarked on , had been enabled by sweden 's decision to [stay] neutral after the war .

This Soviet specialist , whose views remain unofficial , proposed a Non-Alignment Pact for Afghanistan , ‘ which would both guarantee the West against our continued presence there and guarantee us against a Western presence ’ .
this soviet specialist , whose views [stay] unofficial , proposed a non-alignment pact for afghanistan , ‘ which would both guarantee the west against our continued presence there and guarantee us against a western presence ’ .

The discussions dealt not only with a Soviet withdrawal but with the structure of the government to remain behind in Kabul .
the discussions dealt not only with a soviet withdrawal but with the structure of the government to [stay] behind in kabul .

’ Cashman shouted , ignoring Matt 's hand , walking across the room to lean on the desk as though he was finding it difficult to remain upright without support .
’ cashman shouted , ignoring matt 's hand , walking across the room to lean on the desk as though he was finding it difficult to [stay] upright without support .

The limits of pitch given above for the three drums remain true for mechanical drums , though composers have at times demanded extra large or small ones .
the limits of pitch given above for the three drums [stay] true for mechanical drums , though composers have at times demanded extra large or small ones .

They are rhythmic phenomena and thus analogous to river meanders , or pools and riffles , the basic causes of which remain equally obscure .
they are rhythmic phenomena and thus analogous to river meanders , or pools and riffles , the basic causes of which [stay] equally obscure .

Forms which are not attached to the coast or only attached at one end seem to orientate themselves , some at right angles to the resultant like attached forms and some parallel to the resultant for reasons which remain uncertain .
forms which are not attached to the coast or only attached at one end seem to orientate themselves , some at right angles to the resultant like attached forms and some parallel to the resultant for reasons which [stay] uncertain .

Thus , the record of many negative movements of base level may remain in the landscape to be interpreted by the geomorphologist .
thus , the record of many negative movements of base level may [stay] in the landscape to be interpreted by the geomorphologist .

As a result aggradation took place and the surfaces of such aggradations , now dissected by later erosion , may remain in the form of terraces .
as a result aggradation took place and the surfaces of such aggradations , now dissected by later erosion , may [stay] in the form of terraces .

There remain certain problems connected with incised meanders ( Blache , 1939–40 ) .
there [stay] certain problems connected with incised meanders ( blache , 1939–40 ) .

Peel ( 1966 ) estimates that only about 10 per cent of the area of the Sahara is formed of ergs or sand seas and that these remain more or less fixed in position .
peel ( 1966 ) estimates that only about 10 per cent of the area of the sahara is formed of ergs or sand seas and that these [stay] more or less fixed in position .

competition for goals , particularly where those goals remain unclear or there is no agreement on objectives or priorities . The goal of a local authority may be expressed as ‘ Serving the public ’ but this is rather vague and can be interpreted in any number of different ways ;
competition for goals , particularly where those goals [stay] unclear or there is no agreement on objectives or priorities . the goal of a local authority may be expressed as ‘ serving the public ’ but this is rather vague and can be interpreted in any number of different ways ;

Resilience — to remain steadfast in the face of adversity .
resilience — to [stay] steadfast in the face of adversity .

But though it may sound free and uninhibited , the skeleton framework of harmony or a theme , which can remain almost completely hidden , supports the whole and gives it its coherence .
but though it may sound free and uninhibited , the skeleton framework of harmony or a theme , which can [stay] almost completely hidden , supports the whole and gives it its coherence .

It should therefore remain within limited proportions .
it should therefore [stay] within limited proportions .

At other times it must be subdued and remain a secondary feature .
at other times it must be subdued and [stay] a secondary feature .

However , it must remain a background thought in our minds and not be an obstacle to our concentration on the melodic creation .
however , it must [stay] a background thought in our minds and not be an obstacle to our concentration on the melodic creation .

However , as there are only six notes in the system it is obvious that in four-part harmony without octave doublings only two notes can remain unused in each chord , and in five-part harmony only one note ; in six-part harmony all notes are used in each chord , even though the registers change .
however , as there are only six notes in the system it is obvious that in four-part harmony without octave doublings only two notes can [stay] unused in each chord , and in five-part harmony only one note ; in six-part harmony all notes are used in each chord , even though the registers change .

It remains true that all of the major parameters of Course regulations and management remain today as they were established by David Mobbs ; all that has changed is the values given to certain parts of the equation .
it remains true that all of the major parameters of course regulations and management [stay] today as they were established by david mobbs ; all that has changed is the values given to certain parts of the equation .

Some areas remain , however , aloof from recognizing modular course possibilities .
some areas [stay] , however , aloof from recognizing modular course possibilities .

This neglects the fact that there may be more efficient and effective ways of achieving system objectives which remain unconsidered .
this neglects the fact that there may be more efficient and effective ways of achieving system objectives which [stay] unconsidered .

Reactivity is also likely to be reduced as respondents can easily remain anonymous-impossible with interviews except when external consultants operate in very large institutions — and there is less social pressure to produce responses which are agreeable to the investigator .
reactivity is also likely to be reduced as respondents can easily [stay] anonymous-impossible with interviews except when external consultants operate in very large institutions — and there is less social pressure to produce responses which are agreeable to the investigator .

These evaluations may remain confidential and are expected to guide self-development .
these evaluations may [stay] confidential and are expected to guide self-development .

Such a course can then remain relatively isolated , or at least on a par with other courses offered within the same institution on a more traditional basis , or act as a focus for further course development ( through the processes of ‘ accretion ’ or ‘ invention discussed in Chapter 2 ) .
such a course can then [stay] relatively isolated , or at least on a par with other courses offered within the same institution on a more traditional basis , or act as a focus for further course development ( through the processes of ‘ accretion ’ or ‘ invention discussed in chapter 2 ) .

We have considered alternative definitions of a legal problem and indicated what we consider to be the best working definition to adopt , but this discussion will remain largely academic ( save in estimating the extent of unmet legal need ) unless there is some effective way of ensuring that those who have legal problems , however defined , secure legal assistance .
we have considered alternative definitions of a legal problem and indicated what we consider to be the best working definition to adopt , but this discussion will [stay] largely academic ( save in estimating the extent of unmet legal need ) unless there is some effective way of ensuring that those who have legal problems , however defined , secure legal assistance .

They attracted criticism from a number of quarters and only 29 remain , run by the Trading Standards Departments of 20 local authorities ; the remainder fell victim to a political change in the relevant local authority coupled with the withdrawal of central government funding .
they attracted criticism from a number of quarters and only 29 [stay] , run by the trading standards departments of 20 local authorities ; the remainder fell victim to a political change in the relevant local authority coupled with the withdrawal of central government funding .

Legal services provided through a trade union have been , and remain , a significant factor in the recruitment and retention of members .
legal services provided through a trade union have been , and [stay] , a significant factor in the recruitment and retention of members .

The regional and local committees remain , but are now responsible to the Duty Solicitor Committee .
the regional and local committees [stay] , but are now responsible to the duty solicitor committee .

The Lord Chancellor 's Advisory Committee has proposed that a committee should be established for each circuit : ‘ we remain convinced that these could inexpensively and effectively contribute to securing improvements across the country in the co-ordination and standard of legal services .
the lord chancellor 's advisory committee has proposed that a committee should be established for each circuit : ‘ we [stay] convinced that these could inexpensively and effectively contribute to securing improvements across the country in the co-ordination and standard of legal services .

It confirmed that the scheme should remain demand-led , with payment on a case-by-case basis .
it confirmed that the scheme should [stay] demand-led , with payment on a case-by-case basis .

Nevertheless the taxation rules remain significant in providing the framework within which the parties can negotiate .
nevertheless the taxation rules [stay] significant in providing the framework within which the parties can negotiate .

Nevertheless , certain procedural complexities will remain and continue to necessitate the services of a lawyer in the pursuit of a claim .
nevertheless , certain procedural complexities will [stay] and continue to necessitate the services of a lawyer in the pursuit of a claim .

However , it may still be the case that higher damages will be awarded in the High Court and that enforcement procedures are better , and will remain so .
however , it may still be the case that higher damages will be awarded in the high court and that enforcement procedures are better , and will [stay] so .

‘ They are to remain in the Circle under arms and defend the Rorim so that the Hearthwares will be freed for duties beyond the wall . ’
‘ they are to [stay] in the circle under arms and defend the rorim so that the hearthwares will be freed for duties beyond the wall . ’

They did not remain long , for the cold soon had them hopping about , and the journey was resumed .
they did not [stay] long , for the cold soon had them hopping about , and the journey was resumed .

Sales and profit growth ( up by 17 % and 34 % respectively ) remain perfectly respectable on a second and more detailed viewing — indeed , the increase in sales was commendable in a very tough year for trade publishers — even if the operating margin of 6.8 % and pretax margin of 1.9 % were well below the promise of 10 % held out when the company was launched in the optimistic mid-80s .
sales and profit growth ( up by 17 % and 34 % respectively ) [stay] perfectly respectable on a second and more detailed viewing — indeed , the increase in sales was commendable in a very tough year for trade publishers — even if the operating margin of 6.8 % and pretax margin of 1.9 % were well below the promise of 10 % held out when the company was launched in the optimistic mid-80s .

Liber 's present Swedish management , headed by chief executive Birgitta Johansson-Hedberg , will remain , says Wolters Kluwer .
liber 's present swedish management , headed by chief executive birgitta johansson-hedberg , will [stay] , says wolters kluwer .

Asian countries remain dependent not only because the intellectual property system is controlled by the West but also because most of the major knowledge infrastructures are located in the West .
asian countries [stay] dependent not only because the intellectual property system is controlled by the west but also because most of the major knowledge infrastructures are located in the west .

Thus , Asian countries , even large nations with significant scientific systems of their own , such as China and India , will for many years remain peripheral in the international scientific systems .
thus , asian countries , even large nations with significant scientific systems of their own , such as china and india , will for many years [stay] peripheral in the international scientific systems .

And they will remain there unless the interior becomes hot enough for the volatiles to escape .
and they will [stay] there unless the interior becomes hot enough for the volatiles to escape .

If not then though the general features of the graph in Figure 6.9 remain , they are based on fewer data .
if not then though the general features of the graph in figure 6.9 [stay] , they are based on fewer data .

It is a comparatively poorly explored planet , and therefore many questions remain regarding its interior structure , interior temperature and its evolution .
it is a comparatively poorly explored planet , and therefore many questions [stay] regarding its interior structure , interior temperature and its evolution .

, 1983 ) , where they are likely to remain unpopular patients who are avoided by staff ( Grant and Moores , 1977 ; Raynes , 1980 ) .
, 1983 ) , where they are likely to [stay] unpopular patients who are avoided by staff ( grant and moores , 1977 ; raynes , 1980 ) .

High levels of expertise and models of good practice certainly exist , but they remain localized and undisseminated .
high levels of expertise and models of good practice certainly exist , but they [stay] localized and undisseminated .

Devotees remain blind to elementary pitfalls of research design in their enthusiasm to prove the treatment 's efficacy .
devotees [stay] blind to elementary pitfalls of research design in their enthusiasm to prove the treatment 's efficacy .

She did not quite hate him , but did not wish to marry him , even to remain respectable .
she did not quite hate him , but did not wish to marry him , even to [stay] respectable .

She was young and strong and beautiful , and could not remain sad for long .
she was young and strong and beautiful , and could not [stay] sad for long .

He had spent three weeks since his wedding trying to remain calm and continue his studies , but with the disturbing picture of Tess always in his mind .
he had spent three weeks since his wedding trying to [stay] calm and continue his studies , but with the disturbing picture of tess always in his mind .

Her soul remained and would remain faithful to him for ever .
her soul remained and would [stay] faithful to him for ever .

In such circumstances national courts of all levels remain entirely at liberty to bring a matter before the European Court if they consider it appropriate to do so .
in such circumstances national courts of all levels [stay] entirely at liberty to bring a matter before the european court if they consider it appropriate to do so .

Yet there remain areas of uncertainty about this element of the rule .
yet there [stay] areas of uncertainty about this element of the rule .

Assuming admissible statements to establish parliamentary intention are limited , as would appear presently to be the case , to parliamentary statements , there remain grey areas in the application of the rule . for instance , are the parliamentary statements limited to those made during consideration of the Bill ? Could a relevant statement by the Chancellor of the Exchequer in the Budget Speech be admissible for establishing parliamentary intention in the construction of a provision of a finance Act in the absence of a clear ministerial statement during the passage of the Bill ?
assuming admissible statements to establish parliamentary intention are limited , as would appear presently to be the case , to parliamentary statements , there [stay] grey areas in the application of the rule . for instance , are the parliamentary statements limited to those made during consideration of the bill ? could a relevant statement by the chancellor of the exchequer in the budget speech be admissible for establishing parliamentary intention in the construction of a provision of a finance act in the absence of a clear ministerial statement during the passage of the bill ?

The scope for flexibility and adaptation and judicial development would remain .
the scope for flexibility and adaptation and judicial development would [stay] .

Businesses will have to remain in financial balance and take great care that their expansionist ambitions do not outpace their financing ability .
businesses will have to [stay] in financial balance and take great care that their expansionist ambitions do not outpace their financing ability .

‘ Catherine , ’ said Mr Edgar , trying to remain polite , ‘ please pour out the tea , or it will be cold .
‘ catherine , ’ said mr edgar , trying to [stay] polite , ‘ please pour out the tea , or it will be cold .

He hoped that , if Cathy married Linton , who would inherit the Linton fortune , she would at least be able to remain in her family home .
he hoped that , if cathy married linton , who would inherit the linton fortune , she would at least be able to [stay] in her family home .

However , Lucien knew that once autumn took hold of the land , Mandru would remain in residence in order to supervise the harvest .
however , lucien knew that once autumn took hold of the land , mandru would [stay] in residence in order to supervise the harvest .

But the underlying functional relations between the four parts remain the same .
but the underlying functional relations between the four parts [stay] the same .

Penetration of the body by whatever means is generally more traumatic than other forms of sexual contact — intruders and invaders are more threatening to the human animal than those who remain outside .
penetration of the body by whatever means is generally more traumatic than other forms of sexual contact — intruders and invaders are more threatening to the human animal than those who [stay] outside .

Thus , if the law were changed in the manner outlined , the overwhelming majority of rape victims would remain female .
thus , if the law were changed in the manner outlined , the overwhelming majority of rape victims would [stay] female .

’ In 1951 , prostitutes and immoral women were brought fully within the scope of the legislation , but wives remain unprotected .
’ in 1951 , prostitutes and immoral women were brought fully within the scope of the legislation , but wives [stay] unprotected .

Should this prove to be impossible , the majority consider that the law should remain as it is .
should this prove to be impossible , the majority consider that the law should [stay] as it is .

Should its rape proposal be rejected , however , it considers that the two-year maximum penalty should remain .
should its rape proposal be rejected , however , it considers that the two-year maximum penalty should [stay] .

The age of consent was considered by the Policy Advisory Committee which recommended that it should remain at 16 .
the age of consent was considered by the policy advisory committee which recommended that it should [stay] at 16 .

The Policy Advisory Committee strongly advised that 13 should remain the age limit on the ground that girls of 12 are at a vulnerable stage of their lives , in particular because they are usually in their first year at a senior school and there is a risk that they will imitate the behaviour , including the sexual ways , of older girls .
the policy advisory committee strongly advised that 13 should [stay] the age limit on the ground that girls of 12 are at a vulnerable stage of their lives , in particular because they are usually in their first year at a senior school and there is a risk that they will imitate the behaviour , including the sexual ways , of older girls .

Consent will remain an important issue under both categories .
consent will [stay] an important issue under both categories .

Realistically , it is likely to remain an issue in the majority of sexual assault cases .
realistically , it is likely to [stay] an issue in the majority of sexual assault cases .

Special design features enable it to be laid to a rafter pitch as low as 12.5 degrees , yet still remain effective against wind-driven rain .
special design features enable it to be laid to a rafter pitch as low as 12.5 degrees , yet still [stay] effective against wind-driven rain .

For the fourth successive year they have won the South Yorkshire Area Institute of Bankers pop quiz — and thus remain the only winner of the competition since it was launched in 1990 .
for the fourth successive year they have won the south yorkshire area institute of bankers pop quiz — and thus [stay] the only winner of the competition since it was launched in 1990 .

The Royal Bank saw no need ( indeed had no right ) to alter them and so they remain until today .
the royal bank saw no need ( indeed had no right ) to alter them and so they [stay] until today .

They should therefore remain .
they should therefore [stay] .

The old mills and the Roman fortifications have gone but the bridges , the stories and the tranquillity still remain .
the old mills and the roman fortifications have gone but the bridges , the stories and the tranquillity still [stay] .

This area was once the site of a Gunpowder Mill and a lot of the old ruined buildings remain around the river including the Weir and the Old Mill Lade .
this area was once the site of a gunpowder mill and a lot of the old ruined buildings [stay] around the river including the weir and the old mill lade .

Until that time your child must remain at the place named on the supervision requirement .
until that time your child must [stay] at the place named on the supervision requirement .

fire arms ) , they have no right to search premises or remain on private premises without invitation once the breach of the peace has been dealt with .
fire arms ) , they have no right to search premises or [stay] on private premises without invitation once the breach of the peace has been dealt with .

3.3 Whilst the assessment of risk and the permitted limits of response in a given situation remain a matter for individual judgement some simple advice consistent with the relevant legal and policy guidelines and training principles may be useful .
3.3 whilst the assessment of risk and the permitted limits of response in a given situation [stay] a matter for individual judgement some simple advice consistent with the relevant legal and policy guidelines and training principles may be useful .

Always tray to remain calm .
always tray to [stay] calm .

This will make it easier to remain upright and avoid being pushed over .
this will make it easier to [stay] upright and avoid being pushed over .

Boundaries Thanks to Councillor Fraser and the many residents who wrote letters of objections to the proposed boundary changes stretches of Lanark Road [ North ] , two houses in Wester Hailes Road , Muirend Avenue and Viewfield will remain within the Balerno/Baberton ward .
boundaries thanks to councillor fraser and the many residents who wrote letters of objections to the proposed boundary changes stretches of lanark road [ north ] , two houses in wester hailes road , muirend avenue and viewfield will [stay] within the balerno/baberton ward .

As an association we would prefer that no new stadium should be erected but that Hearts should remain at Tynecastle .
as an association we would prefer that no new stadium should be erected but that hearts should [stay] at tynecastle .

It will inevitably take some time before the full benefits of our strategy are realised and , whilst we expect our production and cash flow to remain strong and rise over the next few years , profitability in the short term is likely to remain depressed , even with contributions from disposals .
it will inevitably take some time before the full benefits of our strategy are realised and , whilst we expect our production and cash flow to [stay] strong and rise over the next few years , profitability in the short term is likely to [stay] depressed , even with contributions from disposals .

Net assets with a carrying value of £53 million at 31 December 1992 remain for disposal .
net assets with a carrying value of £53 million at 31 december 1992 [stay] for disposal .

Remember , these issues will remain relevant long after the Earth Summit has become a matter of history .
remember , these issues will [stay] relevant long after the earth summit has become a matter of history .

However , the act makes it absolutely clear that the Charity Trustees remain ultimately responsible .
however , the act makes it absolutely clear that the charity trustees [stay] ultimately responsible .

As such the Centre may also be a blueprint of how central government could support wildlife conservation on redundant farmland and enable existing farming families to remain on the land with the new role of guardians of the traditional countryside and its wildlife .
as such the centre may also be a blueprint of how central government could support wildlife conservation on redundant farmland and enable existing farming families to [stay] on the land with the new role of guardians of the traditional countryside and its wildlife .

As long as there is a strong and unrestrained demand from those who can afford to leave the cities , the countryside will remain under threat .
as long as there is a strong and unrestrained demand from those who can afford to leave the cities , the countryside will [stay] under threat .

The last twenty years has seen the development of a number of semi-quantitative techniques that purport to measure these qualities , but however helpful they may be , most people agree that the subjective element of landscape appreciation is , and will remain , of fundamental importance .
the last twenty years has seen the development of a number of semi-quantitative techniques that purport to measure these qualities , but however helpful they may be , most people agree that the subjective element of landscape appreciation is , and will [stay] , of fundamental importance .

This is not South Africa , where the power is in the hands of the Afrikaner and it is possible — if not altogether honest — for the British visitor to remain critical and aloof from responsibility for what is wrong .
this is not south africa , where the power is in the hands of the afrikaner and it is possible — if not altogether honest — for the british visitor to [stay] critical and aloof from responsibility for what is wrong .

But before God 's judgement seat of history , we remain responsible .
but before god 's judgement seat of history , we [stay] responsible .

As Peter says : ‘ At least we remain champions for another year .
as peter says : ‘ at least we [stay] champions for another year .

For commercial reasons the exact location of the areas targeted by the company must remain confidential for the time being .
for commercial reasons the exact location of the areas targeted by the company must [stay] confidential for the time being .

He also emphasised that future spending must be reduced below current levels if the company is to remain profitable at low oil prices : ‘ We must also preserve cash so that we can fund further ventures for the company , ’ he added .
he also emphasised that future spending must be reduced below current levels if the company is to [stay] profitable at low oil prices : ‘ we must also preserve cash so that we can fund further ventures for the company , ’ he added .

The majority of oil companies are now basing their future plans on the assumption that oil prices will remain flat over the next five years in real terms .
the majority of oil companies are now basing their future plans on the assumption that oil prices will [stay] flat over the next five years in real terms .

As well as providing the benefits of a Current Account , we offer students tiered interest on credit balances , no account charges on accounts that remain in credit or within the limit of a pre-arranged overdraft and commission free travel services until the end of February after graduation .
as well as providing the benefits of a current account , we offer students tiered interest on credit balances , no account charges on accounts that [stay] in credit or within the limit of a pre-arranged overdraft and commission free travel services until the end of february after graduation .

The first report reviews existing environmental conditions , emphasising that many problems identified in the early 70s still remain .
the first report reviews existing environmental conditions , emphasising that many problems identified in the early 70s still [stay] .

the teacher must remain true to his/her own beliefs based on the Church 's teaching .
the teacher must [stay] true to his/her own beliefs based on the church 's teaching .

Though it is expected to recover slightly thereafter it will still remain some 25 % short of its peak until the end of the century .
though it is expected to recover slightly thereafter it will still [stay] some 25 % short of its peak until the end of the century .

Where students esteem that there is better provision to be found in , for example , a local Tertiary College , they will vote with their feet and the argument that they should remain in a Catholic Sixth Form , solely because it is Catholic , holds little sway .
where students esteem that there is better provision to be found in , for example , a local tertiary college , they will vote with their feet and the argument that they should [stay] in a catholic sixth form , solely because it is catholic , holds little sway .

Certainly the promise of sixth form reaching appeals to some staff but numerically those teaching the 16+ age group remain a very small minority .
certainly the promise of sixth form reaching appeals to some staff but numerically those teaching the 16+ age group [stay] a very small minority .

Their remain a minority of Catholic children aged 5–16 and a majority aged 16–19 who do not attend Catholic schools .
their [stay] a minority of catholic children aged 5–16 and a majority aged 16–19 who do not attend catholic schools .

However , these motifs remain rare in Romano-British mosaic , and their occurrence in Leicester , in two pavements of second century date , is important .
however , these motifs [stay] rare in romano-british mosaic , and their occurrence in leicester , in two pavements of second century date , is important .

These are a major source of definition for the sample before c. 160-170 , ( and remain an element in the development of designs after this period ) .
these are a major source of definition for the sample before c. 160-170 , ( and [stay] an element in the development of designs after this period ) .

It is unprofitable to speculate as to the theme or subject — only the feet and parts of the lower bodies of two figures , as well as what might be a phallus or cornucopia , remain .
it is unprofitable to speculate as to the theme or subject — only the feet and parts of the lower bodies of two figures , as well as what might be a phallus or cornucopia , [stay] .

The marine manatee , which can grow to as long as 4.5 metres and weigh 600 kilograms , is suffering from the rapid disappearance of its coastal mangrove swamps , and the pollution of those that remain .
the marine manatee , which can grow to as long as 4.5 metres and weigh 600 kilograms , is suffering from the rapid disappearance of its coastal mangrove swamps , and the pollution of those that [stay] .

Professor David Pearce , a University College London economist and author of the Pearce report on the use of taxes to control pollution , is also to remain an adviser .
professor david pearce , a university college london economist and author of the pearce report on the use of taxes to control pollution , is also to [stay] an adviser .

This would mean that none of the plants would close until the late 1990s , and that the most modern , Wylfa , would remain operational until 2005 .
this would mean that none of the plants would close until the late 1990s , and that the most modern , wylfa , would [stay] operational until 2005 .

Environmentalists remain strongly opposed to such projects which encourage developing countries to sell their natural resources in order to pay their foreign debt .
environmentalists [stay] strongly opposed to such projects which encourage developing countries to sell their natural resources in order to pay their foreign debt .

But ultimately , the pragmaticist may do well to remain agnostic , whatever semantic theory is assumed for working purposes .
but ultimately , the pragmaticist may do well to [stay] agnostic , whatever semantic theory is assumed for working purposes .

The introduction of charges reneges on ministerial assurances given during the passage of the 1986 Agriculture Act that the conservation service would not be cut back and would remain free .
the introduction of charges reneges on ministerial assurances given during the passage of the 1986 agriculture act that the conservation service would not be cut back and would [stay] free .

The locations will be chosen from 28 already selected , which remain secret despite calls for greater openness .
the locations will be chosen from 28 already selected , which [stay] secret despite calls for greater openness .

Company officials insist that emissions from the combustion of the tyres will not remain within legal limits .
company officials insist that emissions from the combustion of the tyres will not [stay] within legal limits .

There remain few available sites for development in Central Oxford , and the Radcliffe Infirmary site is well placed to serve as a logical extension of the University 's Science Area .
there [stay] few available sites for development in central oxford , and the radcliffe infirmary site is well placed to serve as a logical extension of the university 's science area .

In Britain , water tables are expected to remain at a low level throughout the summer .
in britain , water tables are expected to [stay] at a low level throughout the summer .

The ban will remain in force for 50 years unless reversed by a consensus among the Treaty 's voting members .
the ban will [stay] in force for 50 years unless reversed by a consensus among the treaty 's voting members .

The full text of the protocol will remain secret until formal signature following ratification , tentatively scheduled to take place in Madrid at the end of June .
the full text of the protocol will [stay] secret until formal signature following ratification , tentatively scheduled to take place in madrid at the end of june .

Only 11,000 rhinos are believed to remain worldwide — a decline of 85 per cent over the last 30 years .
only 11,000 rhinos are believed to [stay] worldwide — a decline of 85 per cent over the last 30 years .

It can also be shown that there is a bounded set , which depends on the parameters , which all trajectories eventually enter and thereafter remain within { 21 , 35 } .
it can also be shown that there is a bounded set , which depends on the parameters , which all trajectories eventually enter and thereafter [stay] within { 21 , 35 } .

Many of us , but not all , are keen to see Somerville remain a women 's college .
many of us , but not all , are keen to see somerville [stay] a women 's college .

The Dutch government is to lift its freeze on the building of new nuclear power stations , despite recent polls showing that most sectors of the population remain opposed to nuclear power .
the dutch government is to lift its freeze on the building of new nuclear power stations , despite recent polls showing that most sectors of the population [stay] opposed to nuclear power .

Rifkind stressed that roads would remain `` the pre-eminent means of travel `` .
rifkind stressed that roads would [stay] `` the pre-eminent means of travel `` .

Spain , Greece , Ireland and Portugal remain exempt from carbon reductions on the grounds that they are still developing countries .
spain , greece , ireland and portugal [stay] exempt from carbon reductions on the grounds that they are still developing countries .

Several pointed out that the mining issue was only one of a number of considerations , particularly given the fact that commercial exploitation would remain unviable for some time to come .
several pointed out that the mining issue was only one of a number of considerations , particularly given the fact that commercial exploitation would [stay] unviable for some time to come .

About 1,000 pandas remain .
about 1,000 pandas [stay] .

1.2 `` the Tenant `` does not include any successors in title of the Tenant Unless the agreement provides otherwise , privity of contract will ensure that the original parties remain in a contractual relationship inter se to the extent of their obligations under the agreement .
1.2 `` the tenant `` does not include any successors in title of the tenant unless the agreement provides otherwise , privity of contract will ensure that the original parties [stay] in a contractual relationship inter se to the extent of their obligations under the agreement .

3.10 Subject as provided in clause 5.5.3 all fixtures affixed to or installed in the Premises as part of the Tenant 's Works ( other than Tenant 's fixtures ) shall become and remain the property of the Landlord notwithstanding that any of them may be affixed or installed after completion of the Lease The difficulty here is ensuring that both parties know what are tenant 's fixtures and it may be as well to include in a schedule the fixtures to which the landlord is referring .
3.10 subject as provided in clause 5.5.3 all fixtures affixed to or installed in the premises as part of the tenant 's works ( other than tenant 's fixtures ) shall become and [stay] the property of the landlord notwithstanding that any of them may be affixed or installed after completion of the lease the difficulty here is ensuring that both parties know what are tenant 's fixtures and it may be as well to include in a schedule the fixtures to which the landlord is referring .

16.1 Subject as provided in clause 2.14 all the provisions of this agreement shall ( to the extent that they remain to be observed and performed ) continue in full force and effect notwithstanding completion of the Lease
16.1 subject as provided in clause 2.14 all the provisions of this agreement shall ( to the extent that they [stay] to be observed and performed ) continue in full force and effect notwithstanding completion of the lease

5.9.10 Within [ 28 ] days of any assignment charge underlease or sub-underlease or any transmission or other devolution relating to the Premises to produce for registration with the Landlord 's solicitor such deed or document [ or a certified copy of it ] and to pay the Landlord 's solicitor 's [ charges of [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] for the registration of every such document or reasonable charges for the registration of every such document such charges not being less than [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] ] [ 5.9.11 Notwithstanding clause 5.9.1 the Tenant may share the occupation of the whole or any part of the Premises with a company which is a member of the same group as the Tenant ( within the meaning of Section 42 of the 1954 Act ) for so long as both companies shall remain members of that group and otherwise than in a manner that transfers or creates a legal estate ] On the one hand , the tenant will wish to deal with the premises in the most cost effective manner , even if this means subletting parts and , on the other hand , the landlord will wish to exercise fairly strict control over alienation , first by ensuring that any assignee is able to pay the rents reserved by the lease and perform the tenant 's obligations under it , and second by ensuring that at the end of the term the landlord is not left with a subtenant of a small part of the premises , which could affect the value of the landlord 's interest in the whole .
5.9.10 within [ 28 ] days of any assignment charge underlease or sub-underlease or any transmission or other devolution relating to the premises to produce for registration with the landlord 's solicitor such deed or document [ or a certified copy of it ] and to pay the landlord 's solicitor 's [ charges of [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] for the registration of every such document or reasonable charges for the registration of every such document such charges not being less than [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] ] [ 5.9.11 notwithstanding clause 5.9.1 the tenant may share the occupation of the whole or any part of the premises with a company which is a member of the same group as the tenant ( within the meaning of section 42 of the 1954 act ) for so long as both companies shall [stay] members of that group and otherwise than in a manner that transfers or creates a legal estate ] on the one hand , the tenant will wish to deal with the premises in the most cost effective manner , even if this means subletting parts and , on the other hand , the landlord will wish to exercise fairly strict control over alienation , first by ensuring that any assignee is able to pay the rents reserved by the lease and perform the tenant 's obligations under it , and second by ensuring that at the end of the term the landlord is not left with a subtenant of a small part of the premises , which could affect the value of the landlord 's interest in the whole .

5.9.10 Within [ 28 ] days of any assignment charge underlease or sub-underlease or any transmission or other devolution relating to the Premises to produce for registration with the Landlord 's solicitor such deed or document [ or a certified copy of it ] and to pay the Landlord 's solicitor 's [ charges of [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] for the registration of every such document or reasonable charges for the registration of every such document such charges not being less than [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] ] [ 5.9.11 Notwithstanding clause 5.9.1 the Tenant may share the occupation of the whole or any part of the Premises with a company which is a member of the same group as the Tenant ( within the meaning of Section 42 of the 1954 Act ) for so long as both companies shall remain members of that group and otherwise than in a manner that transfers or creates a legal estate ] As well as a joint occupation clause , the tenant should consider including a provision permitting the tenant to share the premises with franchisees where the premises are sufficiently large and the tenant 's business could accommodate such trading operations , eg :
5.9.10 within [ 28 ] days of any assignment charge underlease or sub-underlease or any transmission or other devolution relating to the premises to produce for registration with the landlord 's solicitor such deed or document [ or a certified copy of it ] and to pay the landlord 's solicitor 's [ charges of [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] for the registration of every such document or reasonable charges for the registration of every such document such charges not being less than [ £20 ( twenty pounds ) ] ] [ 5.9.11 notwithstanding clause 5.9.1 the tenant may share the occupation of the whole or any part of the premises with a company which is a member of the same group as the tenant ( within the meaning of section 42 of the 1954 act ) for so long as both companies shall [stay] members of that group and otherwise than in a manner that transfers or creates a legal estate ] as well as a joint occupation clause , the tenant should consider including a provision permitting the tenant to share the premises with franchisees where the premises are sufficiently large and the tenant 's business could accommodate such trading operations , eg :

5.10.1 Not to do nor allow to remain upon the Premises anything which may be or become or cause a nuisance annoyance disturbance inconvenience injury or damage to the Landlord or [ its ] tenants or the owners or occupiers of adjacent or neighbouring premises
5.10.1 not to do nor allow to [stay] upon the premises anything which may be or become or cause a nuisance annoyance disturbance inconvenience injury or damage to the landlord or [ its ] tenants or the owners or occupiers of adjacent or neighbouring premises

5.15 Re-letting boards To permit the Landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the Contractual Term and at any time thereafter [ unless the Tenant shall have made a valid court application under Section 24 of the 1954 Act or otherwise be entitled in law to remain in occupation or to a new tenancy of the Premises ] [ ( or sooner if the rents or any part of them shall be in arrear and unpaid for longer than [ 28 ] days ) ] to enter upon the Premises and affix and retain anywhere upon the Premises a notice for re-letting the Premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the Landlord or [ its ] agent at reasonable times of the day to view the Premises It is not unreasonable for the landlord to be entitled to erect a re-letting board at the premises within a reasonable period prior to the termination of the term unless the tenant proposes to apply for a new tenancy of the premises , provided that the board is in a position so as not to interfere with the tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the premises . The clause could be amended as follows : To permit the Landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the Contractual Term and at any time thereafter unless the Tenant shall have made a valid court application under Section 24 of the 1954 Act or otherwise be entitled in law to remain in occupation or to a new tenancy of the Premises to enter upon the Premises and affix and retain upon the Premises in a position so as not to interfere with the Tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the Premises a notice for re-letting the Premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the Landlord or its agent at reasonable times of the day on reasonable notice to view the Premises
5.15 re-letting boards to permit the landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the contractual term and at any time thereafter [ unless the tenant shall have made a valid court application under section 24 of the 1954 act or otherwise be entitled in law to [stay] in occupation or to a new tenancy of the premises ] [ ( or sooner if the rents or any part of them shall be in arrear and unpaid for longer than [ 28 ] days ) ] to enter upon the premises and affix and retain anywhere upon the premises a notice for re-letting the premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the landlord or [ its ] agent at reasonable times of the day to view the premises it is not unreasonable for the landlord to be entitled to erect a re-letting board at the premises within a reasonable period prior to the termination of the term unless the tenant proposes to apply for a new tenancy of the premises , provided that the board is in a position so as not to interfere with the tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the premises . the clause could be amended as follows : to permit the landlord at any time during the last [ 6 ] months of the contractual term and at any time thereafter unless the tenant shall have made a valid court application under section 24 of the 1954 act or otherwise be entitled in law to [stay] in occupation or to a new tenancy of the premises to enter upon the premises and affix and retain upon the premises in a position so as not to interfere with the tenant 's or any undertenant 's business being carried on at the premises a notice for re-letting the premises and during such period to permit persons with the written authority of the landlord or its agent at reasonable times of the day on reasonable notice to view the premises

As regards the period of notice to be given in 7.6.5 , the tenant 's notice need be only a few days , but the landlord will remain subject to the provisions of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 and will have to serve a notice of at least six months .
as regards the period of notice to be given in 7.6.5 , the tenant 's notice need be only a few days , but the landlord will [stay] subject to the provisions of the landlord and tenant act 1954 and will have to serve a notice of at least six months .

9.5 Effect of waiver Each of the Tenant 's covenants shall remain in full force both at law and in equity notwithstanding that the Landlord shall have waived or released temporarily any such covenant or waived or released temporarily or permanently revocably or irrevocably a similar covenant or similar covenants affecting any other part of the Centre or the Adjoining Property This provision is an attempt to circumvent the rather harsh law of waiver , by which a landlord will lose its right to forfeit the lease where a non-continuing breach has occurred if the landlord does some act to suggest that the landlord is nevertheless satisfied to continue the tenancy , eg by accepting rent from the tenant .
9.5 effect of waiver each of the tenant 's covenants shall [stay] in full force both at law and in equity notwithstanding that the landlord shall have waived or released temporarily any such covenant or waived or released temporarily or permanently revocably or irrevocably a similar covenant or similar covenants affecting any other part of the centre or the adjoining property this provision is an attempt to circumvent the rather harsh law of waiver , by which a landlord will lose its right to forfeit the lease where a non-continuing breach has occurred if the landlord does some act to suggest that the landlord is nevertheless satisfied to continue the tenancy , eg by accepting rent from the tenant .

Nevertheless , if the provision is to remain , the following proviso should be added : except where such injury damage or loss is caused as a result of a breach of any of the Landlord 's covenants herein contained
nevertheless , if the provision is to [stay] , the following proviso should be added : except where such injury damage or loss is caused as a result of a breach of any of the landlord 's covenants herein contained

This is caused by the doctrine of privity of contract by which an original tenant ( or subsequent tenant who has given direct covenants to the landlord ) will remain liable under the covenants in the lease throughout the term ( unless released by the landlord ) and therefore can be called upon to pay back rents or remedy breaches of covenant , where default has occurred .
this is caused by the doctrine of privity of contract by which an original tenant ( or subsequent tenant who has given direct covenants to the landlord ) will [stay] liable under the covenants in the lease throughout the term ( unless released by the landlord ) and therefore can be called upon to pay back rents or remedy breaches of covenant , where default has occurred .

The goods remain the Seller 's property until the Buyer has paid in full 8.1.1. all sums due to the Seller under this contract ; and 8.1.2. any other sums due from the Buyer to the Seller .
the goods [stay] the seller 's property until the buyer has paid in full 8.1.1. all sums due to the seller under this contract ; and 8.1.2. any other sums due from the buyer to the seller .

So long as the goods remain the Seller 's property in accordance with clause 8.1. the Buyer will : 8.3.1. insure them against loss or damage under a policy which protects the Seller 's interest in the goods ; 8.3.2. store them separately from other , similar goods owned by any other person , so that they remain identifiable as the Seller 's property ; 8.3.3. allow the authorised representatives of the Seller to have access at any reasonable time to the premises where the goods are stored , in order to inspect the goods .
so long as the goods [stay] the seller 's property in accordance with clause 8.1. the buyer will : 8.3.1. insure them against loss or damage under a policy which protects the seller 's interest in the goods ; 8.3.2. store them separately from other , similar goods owned by any other person , so that they [stay] identifiable as the seller 's property ; 8.3.3. allow the authorised representatives of the seller to have access at any reasonable time to the premises where the goods are stored , in order to inspect the goods .

Retention of title 8 ( 1 ) The goods remain the Seller 's property until the Buyer has paid in full ( a ) all sums due to the Seller under this contract ; and ( b ) any other sums due from the Buyer to the Seller .
retention of title 8 ( 1 ) the goods [stay] the seller 's property until the buyer has paid in full ( a ) all sums due to the seller under this contract ; and ( b ) any other sums due from the buyer to the seller .

8 ( 3 ) So long as the goods remain the Seller 's property in accordance with clause 8 ( 1 ) the Buyer will : ( a ) insure them against loss or damage under a policy which protects the Seller 's interest in the goods ; ( b ) store them separately from other , similar goods owned by any person , so that they remain identifiable as the Seller 's property ; ( c ) allow the authorised representatives of the Seller to have access at any reasonable time to the premises where the goods are stored , in order to inspect the goods .
8 ( 3 ) so long as the goods [stay] the seller 's property in accordance with clause 8 ( 1 ) the buyer will : ( a ) insure them against loss or damage under a policy which protects the seller 's interest in the goods ; ( b ) store them separately from other , similar goods owned by any person , so that they [stay] identifiable as the seller 's property ; ( c ) allow the authorised representatives of the seller to have access at any reasonable time to the premises where the goods are stored , in order to inspect the goods .

And the other matters that fall to the conveyancer to arrange will remain unchanged .
and the other matters that fall to the conveyancer to arrange will [stay] unchanged .

( d ) You 'll have on your file a permanent record of the title and all its principal features in a much more manageable form than that of an abstract ; your notes will remain with your papers for future reference ; and from them at a later date you should be able , if necessary , to answer any questions or difficulties that may arise .
( d ) you 'll have on your file a permanent record of the title and all its principal features in a much more manageable form than that of an abstract ; your notes will [stay] with your papers for future reference ; and from them at a later date you should be able , if necessary , to answer any questions or difficulties that may arise .

The first is that when a property is subject to restrictive covenants , it is bad practice to burden the title with a fresh covenant to observe them , unless it is really necessary to protect a seller , who will remain personally responsible for their observance .
the first is that when a property is subject to restrictive covenants , it is bad practice to burden the title with a fresh covenant to observe them , unless it is really necessary to protect a seller , who will [stay] personally responsible for their observance .

Therefore , it is appropriate to insert such safeguarding words as : So long as the buyer shall remain in possession of the lease and shall not have assigned the same .
therefore , it is appropriate to insert such safeguarding words as : so long as the buyer shall [stay] in possession of the lease and shall not have assigned the same .

Sometimes service charges will have been paid on account in advance , and sometimes the 'service charge year `` will be only halfway through and a balance will remain payable by the seller to the landlord or management company and the precise amount will not be ascertainable as at the date of completion .
sometimes service charges will have been paid on account in advance , and sometimes the 'service charge year `` will be only halfway through and a balance will [stay] payable by the seller to the landlord or management company and the precise amount will not be ascertainable as at the date of completion .

The reader who returns frequently to the poem , and ( in the way of obsessive readers ) delights in noticing meanings potentially nestling within meanings , will begin to be persuaded , by and by , that these hints of battle and brutality are not to be ignored ; yet they remain no more than hints , shadows of meaning cast by a powerful text .
the reader who returns frequently to the poem , and ( in the way of obsessive readers ) delights in noticing meanings potentially nestling within meanings , will begin to be persuaded , by and by , that these hints of battle and brutality are not to be ignored ; yet they [stay] no more than hints , shadows of meaning cast by a powerful text .

Besides , it is a cardinal principle of law that an innocent party may choose to accept repudiation and sue for damages for breach of contract , or he may choose to refuse to accept the repudiation so that the contract will remain in full effect .
besides , it is a cardinal principle of law that an innocent party may choose to accept repudiation and sue for damages for breach of contract , or he may choose to refuse to accept the repudiation so that the contract will [stay] in full effect .

Anderson 's interruptions are evidence of both his power with respect to other interlocutors and the level of his concern to remain polite to them .
anderson 's interruptions are evidence of both his power with respect to other interlocutors and the level of his concern to [stay] polite to them .

Securing a day care place is often extremely important if a child in need is to remain within the family .
securing a day care place is often extremely important if a child in need is to [stay] within the family .

Expert witnesses are usually allowed to remain in court during the testimony of other experts in their field , and sometimes throughout the hearing if it is important that they hear all the evidence .
expert witnesses are usually allowed to [stay] in court during the testimony of other experts in their field , and sometimes throughout the hearing if it is important that they hear all the evidence .

It may order that the decision shall not have effect pending appeal or that the care or supervision order shall remain in force for the appeal period but subject to the court 's directions ( s40 ( 3 ) ) .
it may order that the decision shall not have effect pending appeal or that the care or supervision order shall [stay] in force for the appeal period but subject to the court 's directions ( s40 ( 3 ) ) .

In contrast to other commodities , metal futures contracts remain open at their original prices until their respective prompt dates .
in contrast to other commodities , metal futures contracts [stay] open at their original prices until their respective prompt dates .

At the time of writing these radical provisions of the 1989 Act have not been tested by experience , but this is unlikely to remain the case for long .
at the time of writing these radical provisions of the 1989 act have not been tested by experience , but this is unlikely to [stay] the case for long .

Despite the vulnerability of Legal Aid to government cut-backs it will still remain a very valuable source of funding for personal injury claims .
despite the vulnerability of legal aid to government cut-backs it will still [stay] a very valuable source of funding for personal injury claims .

The only safe and correct approach is not to allow an injunction to remain , even for a single day , if it was clearly wrong for it to have been granted . ``
the only safe and correct approach is not to allow an injunction to [stay] , even for a single day , if it was clearly wrong for it to have been granted . ``

This system involves a continuous rotation of paddocks in which the susceptible younger calves graze ahead of the immune adults and remain long enough in each paddock to remove only the leafy upper herbage before being moved on to the next paddock .
this system involves a continuous rotation of paddocks in which the susceptible younger calves graze ahead of the immune adults and [stay] long enough in each paddock to remove only the leafy upper herbage before being moved on to the next paddock .

The prognosis must be guarded and the owner informed that a proportion of these animals may not recover while others may remain permanently stunted .
the prognosis must be guarded and the owner informed that a proportion of these animals may not recover while others may [stay] permanently stunted .

Consequently , pastures may remain contaminated , albeit at a very low level .
consequently , pastures may [stay] contaminated , albeit at a very low level .

Donkeys acquire infection as foals and yearlings and tend to remain infected , presumably through re-exposure , all their lives .
donkeys acquire infection as foals and yearlings and tend to [stay] infected , presumably through re-exposure , all their lives .

During the migratory phase of experimental infections , up to four weeks following infection , the major signs are frequent coughing accompanied in some cases by a greyish nasal discharge although the foals remain bright and alert .
during the migratory phase of experimental infections , up to four weeks following infection , the major signs are frequent coughing accompanied in some cases by a greyish nasal discharge although the foals [stay] bright and alert .

This is an addition to the original language specification and it can not be guaranteed to remain unchanged in future releases .
this is an addition to the original language specification and it can not be guaranteed to [stay] unchanged in future releases .

This is an addition to the original language specification and it can not be guaranteed to remain unchanged in future releases .
this is an addition to the original language specification and it can not be guaranteed to [stay] unchanged in future releases .

If a window has been defined , the cursor is constrained to remain within the window .
if a window has been defined , the cursor is constrained to [stay] within the window .

If a window has been defined , the cursor is constrained to remain within the window .
if a window has been defined , the cursor is constrained to [stay] within the window .

If a window has been defined , the cursor is constrained to remain within the window .
if a window has been defined , the cursor is constrained to [stay] within the window .

If a window has been defined , the cursor is constrained to remain within the window .
if a window has been defined , the cursor is constrained to [stay] within the window .

If a widow has been defined , the cursor is constrained to remain within the window .
if a widow has been defined , the cursor is constrained to [stay] within the window .

Lindsey willed her hands to remain steady on the cup .
lindsey willed her hands to [stay] steady on the cup .

Lindsey knew she had been fooling herself in thinking she could remain indifferent .
lindsey knew she had been fooling herself in thinking she could [stay] indifferent .

The vicious personal attack on him by Ernets Bevin and his humiliating defeat made it impossible for him to remain as leader .
the vicious personal attack on him by ernets bevin and his humiliating defeat made it impossible for him to [stay] as leader .

That moment when she had seen him standing on the jetty , a tall dark figure against the bright sun , would remain locked in her memory foever .
that moment when she had seen him standing on the jetty , a tall dark figure against the bright sun , would [stay] locked in her memory foever .

Though the Khedive was to remain , and would name a Cabinet of Egyptian ministers , all had to obey the directives of Cromer and the other British advisers appointed to reform Egypt .
though the khedive was to [stay] , and would name a cabinet of egyptian ministers , all had to obey the directives of cromer and the other british advisers appointed to reform egypt .

If the husband is prepared to remain liable under the mortgage he should remain a trustee of the legal estate ( which could stand in the names of the husband , the wife and new husband ) so that he will know the state of the mortgage account and so that a further advance or a second charge can not be created without his consent .
if the husband is prepared to [stay] liable under the mortgage he should [stay] a trustee of the legal estate ( which could stand in the names of the husband , the wife and new husband ) so that he will know the state of the mortgage account and so that a further advance or a second charge can not be created without his consent .

In spite of the trusts imposed on the former matrimonial home or its proceeds of sale , the husband may remain liable in respect of any mortgage secured thereon , the intent being in effect that this should be deducted from or charged on his equitable share .
in spite of the trusts imposed on the former matrimonial home or its proceeds of sale , the husband may [stay] liable in respect of any mortgage secured thereon , the intent being in effect that this should be deducted from or charged on his equitable share .

If the matrimonial home is already subject to a mortgage then the requirements of the mortgagees will have to be ascertained prior to a conveyance or transfer and if , although the house is to remain in joint names , liability for the mortgage payments is to be assumed by one party , an indemnity to the other party will have to be included in the declaration of trust ( see Precedent 54 ) .
if the matrimonial home is already subject to a mortgage then the requirements of the mortgagees will have to be ascertained prior to a conveyance or transfer and if , although the house is to [stay] in joint names , liability for the mortgage payments is to be assumed by one party , an indemnity to the other party will have to be included in the declaration of trust ( see precedent 54 ) .

That she chose to remain silent was out of loyalty — just one of the many little attributes that , according to him , she did not possess .
that she chose to [stay] silent was out of loyalty — just one of the many little attributes that , according to him , she did not possess .

She said she 'd realised how tired your parents were becoming and she knew that if she wanted to remain at home on a long-term basis she would have to have some form of respite care .
she said she 'd realised how tired your parents were becoming and she knew that if she wanted to [stay] at home on a long-term basis she would have to have some form of respite care .

Measured on a per degree of alcohol basis , spirits remain subject to much heavier taxation than beers and wines .
measured on a per degree of alcohol basis , spirits [stay] subject to much heavier taxation than beers and wines .

Yet they remain much more heavily taxed than competitor products .
yet they [stay] much more heavily taxed than competitor products .

Winds will remain light and variable , and this will allow all that sunshine to warm the air nicely , temperatures getting up to a comfortable ten or eleven celsius , that 's fifty or fifty fahrenheit .
winds will [stay] light and variable , and this will allow all that sunshine to warm the air nicely , temperatures getting up to a comfortable ten or eleven celsius , that 's fifty or fifty fahrenheit .

It 'll remain dry tonight , with some cloud around , especially in the east .
it 'll [stay] dry tonight , with some cloud around , especially in the east .

The wind will remain a moderate southeasterly .
the wind will [stay] a moderate southeasterly .

It 'll remain rather cloudy in the east tonight , with some drizzly rain at times .
it 'll [stay] rather cloudy in the east tonight , with some drizzly rain at times .

But winds everywhere will remain light .
but winds everywhere will [stay] light .

Temperatures will be a little below the seasonal norm , but winds will remain very light , so it should feel quite pleasant .
temperatures will be a little below the seasonal norm , but winds will [stay] very light , so it should feel quite pleasant .

There is a maximum fine following conviction of £2,000 and a penalty of £100 for each day during which the requirements of the notice remain unfulfilled .
there is a maximum fine following conviction of £2,000 and a penalty of £100 for each day during which the requirements of the notice [stay] unfulfilled .

Two new orders can be promoted : a suspension order , where the minerals are being held for future working , or a prohibition order , where the operator has no intention of working any minerals that remain .
two new orders can be promoted : a suspension order , where the minerals are being held for future working , or a prohibition order , where the operator has no intention of working any minerals that [stay] .

But , at the same time , if the main part of the planning system was to remain , some limit to the liability to compensation for planning restrictions was essential .
but , at the same time , if the main part of the planning system was to [stay] , some limit to the liability to compensation for planning restrictions was essential .

In some ways it would have been wiser to remain backstage , allowing his presence to be felt , the sight of him reassuring everyone .
in some ways it would have been wiser to [stay] backstage , allowing his presence to be felt , the sight of him reassuring everyone .

Mothers caring for their children on their own may need to find outside employment , and the strain of the dual role may result in a chaotic lifestyle where the children get less attention , household chores remain undone and mealtimes and bedtimes become erratic .
mothers caring for their children on their own may need to find outside employment , and the strain of the dual role may result in a chaotic lifestyle where the children get less attention , household chores [stay] undone and mealtimes and bedtimes become erratic .

In this respect , it would seem to be more important that family relationships improve , whether or not husband and wife remain together , rather than urging parents to ‘ stick it out for the sake of the children ’ in unhappy marriages .
in this respect , it would seem to be more important that family relationships improve , whether or not husband and wife [stay] together , rather than urging parents to ‘ stick it out for the sake of the children ’ in unhappy marriages .

While evidence that social support in some way short-circuits the illness response to stress is now considerable , the nature of the support and the way in which it provides its effect remain matters for dispute .
while evidence that social support in some way short-circuits the illness response to stress is now considerable , the nature of the support and the way in which it provides its effect [stay] matters for dispute .

But the customers need to remain impressed .
but the customers need to [stay] impressed .

For as long as ordinary people remain on the Island , this pub will not change .
for as long as ordinary people [stay] on the island , this pub will not change .

It is all that will remain of the Muddie we knew .
it is all that will [stay] of the muddie we knew .

The Council 's business development services continue to prove popular and participation numbers remain high .
the council 's business development services continue to prove popular and participation numbers [stay] high .

However , substantial differences of method remain , many of which are based in law .
however , substantial differences of method [stay] , many of which are based in law .

We may guess that a pipe flow with an artificially induced parabolic profile at the entry could remain laminar to even higher Reynolds numbers than flows with a normal entry length .
we may guess that a pipe flow with an artificially induced parabolic profile at the entry could [stay] laminar to even higher reynolds numbers than flows with a normal entry length .

However , the motion does not remain periodic for any great distance downstream .
however , the motion does not [stay] periodic for any great distance downstream .

from a river formed by melting ice ) flows into the sea ; if it is sufficiently cold it will initially remain close to the sea-bed and thus underlie warmer , salt water .
from a river formed by melting ice ) flows into the sea ; if it is sufficiently cold it will initially [stay] close to the sea-bed and thus underlie warmer , salt water .

If this were not the case , then the two components would necessarily remain coupled in a way that would allow little difference from convection due to just one of them . When the two components are heat and common salt , in the notation of Sections 14.2 and 14.3 , and
if this were not the case , then the two components would necessarily [stay] coupled in a way that would allow little difference from convection due to just one of them . when the two components are heat and common salt , in the notation of sections 14.2 and 14.3 , and

These early movies are now lost , but her illustrated day book and many photographs remain — an important part of the record of women working all over Britain at the start of commercial photography .
these early movies are now lost , but her illustrated day book and many photographs [stay] — an important part of the record of women working all over britain at the start of commercial photography .

Banks must keep all their interest rates in line with other financial institutions in order to remain competitive .
banks must keep all their interest rates in line with other financial institutions in order to [stay] competitive .

This would then stimulate other institutions to change their rates too , in order for them to remain competitive with the clearing banks .
this would then stimulate other institutions to change their rates too , in order for them to [stay] competitive with the clearing banks .

It will remain soft for about 24 hours if kept in this way .
it will [stay] soft for about 24 hours if kept in this way .

Well , if a hostage has to remain behind in enemy hands then it 's clearly better that it should be Summerchild himself .
well , if a hostage has to [stay] behind in enemy hands then it 's clearly better that it should be summerchild himself .

Why , when the opposition goalie was taking a goal-kick , did he crouch forward and remain motionless like Johnny Fartpants ? was this some attempt to psyche out the opposition ? Or was he addicted to the game Striker as a kid where the goalie adopted a similar position ( mine always seemed to do a Sprake and throw the ball back into my own net ) .
why , when the opposition goalie was taking a goal-kick , did he crouch forward and [stay] motionless like johnny fartpants ? was this some attempt to psyche out the opposition ? or was he addicted to the game striker as a kid where the goalie adopted a similar position ( mine always seemed to do a sprake and throw the ball back into my own net ) .

‘ The offer might not remain open . ’
‘ the offer might not [stay] open . ’

The body would remain where it was .
the body would [stay] where it was .

The turning circles remain unchanged , but the steering wheel only requires 3.4 turns from lock-to-lock .
the turning circles [stay] unchanged , but the steering wheel only requires 3.4 turns from lock-to-lock .

The fruits are an important food source and the seeds remain in the gut for 37 days .
the fruits are an important food source and the seeds [stay] in the gut for 37 days .

It is expected to be operational with an office in Brussels early next year and although some doubts remain about the scope of the redefined Scotland Europa , the Council has agreed , in principle , to support the initiative .
it is expected to be operational with an office in brussels early next year and although some doubts [stay] about the scope of the redefined scotland europa , the council has agreed , in principle , to support the initiative .

The proportions remain the same both Haydn-Niemecz and Mozart-Czerny increase from slowest to fastest by a factor of two , and there is no getting around the fact that both pieces of information describe a considerable range for minuet tempos including quite fast Allegrettos .
the proportions [stay] the same both haydn-niemecz and mozart-czerny increase from slowest to fastest by a factor of two , and there is no getting around the fact that both pieces of information describe a considerable range for minuet tempos including quite fast allegrettos .

We will do so and remain steadfastly independent of pressure from whatever quarter .
we will do so and [stay] steadfastly independent of pressure from whatever quarter .

It was impossible to remain resentful in the face of such a frank admission of guilt , and , although her voice sounded rather cool , she said , ‘ Yes .
it was impossible to [stay] resentful in the face of such a frank admission of guilt , and , although her voice sounded rather cool , she said , ‘ yes .

If she wished , Shelley could remain here , working with the people of Santa Barbara and of Samana , and never go back to all the heartache and the pain of her old job .
if she wished , shelley could [stay] here , working with the people of santa barbara and of samana , and never go back to all the heartache and the pain of her old job .

‘ He prefers his private life to remain private . ’
‘ he prefers his private life to [stay] private . ’

Though he might have intended to remain cool and detached , unmoved , it had n't worked that way .
though he might have intended to [stay] cool and detached , unmoved , it had n't worked that way .

The weather being as it is , she 'll no doubt remain there overnight .
the weather being as it is , she 'll no doubt [stay] there overnight .

She sat very still , eyes closed , as he examined the wound , willing herself to remain immune to his nearness , to think of him only as a doctor .
she sat very still , eyes closed , as he examined the wound , willing herself to [stay] immune to his nearness , to think of him only as a doctor .

Edward loved his youngest son , and therefore had a clause written into his will , stating that Swift Investments was to remain in the Swift family .
edward loved his youngest son , and therefore had a clause written into his will , stating that swift investments was to [stay] in the swift family .

When she thought her voice would remain steady , she said , ‘ Next door ? ’
when she thought her voice would [stay] steady , she said , ‘ next door ? ’

Until Charles Swift 's successor was offically named , the shares would remain hovering in uncertainty , ready to plummet .
until charles swift 's successor was offically named , the shares would [stay] hovering in uncertainty , ready to plummet .

’ Fabia found an answering encouraging smile , but her smile did not remain for long when after a second or two of studying her Cara stated , quite clearly , ‘ You .
’ fabia found an answering encouraging smile , but her smile did not [stay] for long when after a second or two of studying her cara stated , quite clearly , ‘ you .

’ Rory resolutely schooled her features to remain impassive , but could n't quite mask the glint in her tawny , almond-shaped eyes .
’ rory resolutely schooled her features to [stay] impassive , but could n't quite mask the glint in her tawny , almond-shaped eyes .

Surely he could n't remain unmoved in the atmosphere she 'd so skilfully created ?
surely he could n't [stay] unmoved in the atmosphere she 'd so skilfully created ?

He could n't remain immune for ever .
he could n't [stay] immune for ever .

Heaven knew , it had been difficult enough to remain even slightly detached when they had been putting on an act for the benefit of an audience .
heaven knew , it had been difficult enough to [stay] even slightly detached when they had been putting on an act for the benefit of an audience .

To remain seated was impossible .
to [stay] seated was impossible .

‘ You do n't want our child to remain illegitimate all his life , to be a bastard ? ’ he demanded .
‘ you do n't want our child to [stay] illegitimate all his life , to be a bastard ? ’ he demanded .

Although the triple junctions identified in Africa , including those along the continental margin as well as those in the interior , have variously evolved by spreading along one , two or all three rift arms , the most common sequence has been for one arm to remain inactive and form an aulacogen , with spreading occurring along the other two ( Fig .
although the triple junctions identified in africa , including those along the continental margin as well as those in the interior , have variously evolved by spreading along one , two or all three rift arms , the most common sequence has been for one arm to [stay] inactive and form an aulacogen , with spreading occurring along the other two ( fig .

Rates of volcanic activity through time are especially critical in determining whether intra-plate volcanoes formed in ocean basins ( as opposed to volcanoes associated with subduction zones ) will reach sea level to form a volcanic island , or remain submerged to form a seamount .
rates of volcanic activity through time are especially critical in determining whether intra-plate volcanoes formed in ocean basins ( as opposed to volcanoes associated with subduction zones ) will reach sea level to form a volcanic island , or [stay] submerged to form a seamount .

For documents with a more substantial information or evidential content , as the usage rates fall our record may be moved offline , but the retrieval and control information about it will remain accessible online in summary form .
for documents with a more substantial information or evidential content , as the usage rates fall our record may be moved offline , but the retrieval and control information about it will [stay] accessible online in summary form .

Once we grant ourselves the licence to collect the physical artefacts of software , there remain , at least at first sight , respects in which software is both like , and unlike , traditional museum objects .
once we grant ourselves the licence to collect the physical artefacts of software , there [stay] , at least at first sight , respects in which software is both like , and unlike , traditional museum objects .

Although microfilm will remain for the foreseeable future by far the more acceptable medium of preservation , as a versatile aid to the scholar the computer image is far in advance .
although microfilm will [stay] for the foreseeable future by far the more acceptable medium of preservation , as a versatile aid to the scholar the computer image is far in advance .

It is possible that this funding may cease after 1997 , but as Manchester Computing Centre has been designated a national datasets centre , the expertise to support the data should remain there .
it is possible that this funding may cease after 1997 , but as manchester computing centre has been designated a national datasets centre , the expertise to support the data should [stay] there .

The question did not arise for those settling in their state 's colonies , who could continue to remain Englishmen or Frenchmen in New Zealand or Algeria , thinking of the old country as ‘ home ’ .
the question did not arise for those settling in their state 's colonies , who could continue to [stay] englishmen or frenchmen in new zealand or algeria , thinking of the old country as ‘ home ’ .

This is what made it still possible — though to a rapidly diminishing extent — for workers in the newly industrialising areas to remain half-agricultural .
this is what made it still possible — though to a rapidly diminishing extent — for workers in the newly industrialising areas to [stay] half-agricultural .

But though this hope might be enough for some who were actually to lift themselves out of the working class , and perhaps also for a greater number who never got beyond dreaming of success as they read Samuel Smiles 's Self-Help ( 1859 ) or similar handbooks , it was perfectly evident that most workers would remain workers all their lives , and indeed that the economic system required them to do so .
but though this hope might be enough for some who were actually to lift themselves out of the working class , and perhaps also for a greater number who never got beyond dreaming of success as they read samuel smiles 's self-help ( 1859 ) or similar handbooks , it was perfectly evident that most workers would [stay] workers all their lives , and indeed that the economic system required them to do so .

‘ There remain [ wrote Miss Edith Simcox , again in the early 1880s ] , … some ten millions of town workers , including all mechanics and labourers whose life is not normally overshadowed by the fear of ‘ coming on the parish ’ .
‘ there [stay] [ wrote miss edith simcox , again in the early 1880s ] , … some ten millions of town workers , including all mechanics and labourers whose life is not normally overshadowed by the fear of ‘ coming on the parish ’ .

Hypocrisy entered this pattern of behaviour only in so far as the bourgeois women were supposed to remain entirely outside the game , and therefore in ignorance of what the men , and women other than themselves , were up to .
hypocrisy entered this pattern of behaviour only in so far as the bourgeois women were supposed to [stay] entirely outside the game , and therefore in ignorance of what the men , and women other than themselves , were up to .

For , if it is easy to discover or to devise connections between puritanism and capitalism , as a large literature bears witness , those between nineteenth-century family structure and bourgeois society remain obscure .
for , if it is easy to discover or to devise connections between puritanism and capitalism , as a large literature bears witness , those between nineteenth-century family structure and bourgeois society [stay] obscure .

In fact , it was a correct judgement and one that would remain valid for the rest of Williams 's life .
in fact , it was a correct judgement and one that would [stay] valid for the rest of williams 's life .

Excess supply would exert downward pressure on the money wage rate only : the level of real wages would remain largely unaffected by a steady reduction in the level of money wages which a state of persistent excess supply would entail .
excess supply would exert downward pressure on the money wage rate only : the level of real wages would [stay] largely unaffected by a steady reduction in the level of money wages which a state of persistent excess supply would entail .

Even in a perfectly competitive economy — the state of affairs normally regarded as most amenable to neoclassical modes of analysis — the real wage rate will remain unchanged for as long as the level of output remains unchanged ; and output will remain unchanged for as long as the level of desired real expenditure remains unchanged .
even in a perfectly competitive economy — the state of affairs normally regarded as most amenable to neoclassical modes of analysis — the real wage rate will [stay] unchanged for as long as the level of output remains unchanged ; and output will [stay] unchanged for as long as the level of desired real expenditure remains unchanged .

Nevertheless serious problems remain with Keynes 's simple theory of the firm .
nevertheless serious problems [stay] with keynes 's simple theory of the firm .

towards w 2 ) as Dunlop and Tarshis believed , or it could conceivably remain unchanged at its market clearing level w * ; .
towards w 2 ) as dunlop and tarshis believed , or it could conceivably [stay] unchanged at its market clearing level w * ; .

Obviously positive inflation may remain a feature of this hypothetical economy even if it is operating at the natural unemployment rate ( i.e .
obviously positive inflation may [stay] a feature of this hypothetical economy even if it is operating at the natural unemployment rate ( i.e .

To reduce the extent of classical unemployment the real wage rate must fall , while to reduce the extent of Keynesian unemployment the real wage may have to rise , or at least remain unchanged .
to reduce the extent of classical unemployment the real wage rate must fall , while to reduce the extent of keynesian unemployment the real wage may have to rise , or at least [stay] unchanged .

Both the origins of classical unemployment and the nature of the remedy for it remain stubbornly obscure .
both the origins of classical unemployment and the nature of the remedy for it [stay] stubbornly obscure .

Unless the court otherwise directs , money received or paid into court in respect of persons under disability shall remain in court and be invested or dealt with as the court thinks fit , which in many cases may be its transfer to the High Court ( Ord 10 , r 11 ( 1 ) — ( 3 ) ) .
unless the court otherwise directs , money received or paid into court in respect of persons under disability shall [stay] in court and be invested or dealt with as the court thinks fit , which in many cases may be its transfer to the high court ( ord 10 , r 11 ( 1 ) — ( 3 ) ) .

In cases of breach of repairing covenants where three years or more of the lease remain unexpired a preliminary application for leave under s 1(3) of the Leasehold Property ( Repairs ) Act 1938 will be necessary before an action for forfeiture may be commenced .
in cases of breach of repairing covenants where three years or more of the lease [stay] unexpired a preliminary application for leave under s 1(3) of the leasehold property ( repairs ) act 1938 will be necessary before an action for forfeiture may be commenced .

This would clearly be unfair on the defendant because at the end of the period of the dependency the whole of the capital sum would remain .
this would clearly be unfair on the defendant because at the end of the period of the dependency the whole of the capital sum would [stay] .

Disclosure of a written report is a pre-condition to calling expert evidence , but the basic rules remain the same : expert evidence is privileged and neither party is obliged to disclose a report which is hostile to his case and on which he therefore will not wish to rely ( see below ) .
disclosure of a written report is a pre-condition to calling expert evidence , but the basic rules [stay] the same : expert evidence is privileged and neither party is obliged to disclose a report which is hostile to his case and on which he therefore will not wish to rely ( see below ) .

8.1 If any jigs , tools , dies , patterns , moulds , gauges , components , materials or any other items of whatsoever nature are supplied to you by us for use in connection with this order , the same shall be at your risk from the time they leave our premises until they are returned thereto , but shall remain our property .
8.1 if any jigs , tools , dies , patterns , moulds , gauges , components , materials or any other items of whatsoever nature are supplied to you by us for use in connection with this order , the same shall be at your risk from the time they leave our premises until they are returned thereto , but shall [stay] our property .

Whilst fundamental changes may be demanded by Westminster or Brussels , implementation and supervision will foreseeably remain in Chancery Lane .
whilst fundamental changes may be demanded by westminster or brussels , implementation and supervision will foreseeably [stay] in chancery lane .

( a ) Overseas Practice Rules 1990 Whilst the Solicitors ' Practice Rules only regulate the conduct of solicitors in practice as such in England and Wales , those who practise as solicitors outside that jurisdiction nevertheless remain subject to the authority of the Law Society and must comply with its Overseas Practice Rules .
( a ) overseas practice rules 1990 whilst the solicitors ' practice rules only regulate the conduct of solicitors in practice as such in england and wales , those who practise as solicitors outside that jurisdiction nevertheless [stay] subject to the authority of the law society and must comply with its overseas practice rules .

Registered foreign lawyers are required to pay a fee ( £280 for 1991/92 ) on first registration and an annual fee of an amount equal to two thirds of the current practising certificate fee in order to remain on the register .
registered foreign lawyers are required to pay a fee ( £280 for 1991/92 ) on first registration and an annual fee of an amount equal to two thirds of the current practising certificate fee in order to [stay] on the register .

All members of the company ( though not its secretary ) must be qualified solicitors , and there are special provisions to apply when a member dies or is struck off the roll or otherwise loses his qualification to practise , which in essence provide that such member 's shares become non-voting so long as they remain registered in unqualified hands , and only qualified solicitors will be able to vote as proxies .
all members of the company ( though not its secretary ) must be qualified solicitors , and there are special provisions to apply when a member dies or is struck off the roll or otherwise loses his qualification to practise , which in essence provide that such member 's shares become non-voting so long as they [stay] registered in unqualified hands , and only qualified solicitors will be able to vote as proxies .

Recognition , which once granted will remain in force for three years , will automatically cease upon liquidation or the making of an administration order under the Insolvency Act 1986 and may be withdrawn by the Council in the event that it is subsequently discovered that it was obtained as a result of any error or fraud .
recognition , which once granted will [stay] in force for three years , will automatically cease upon liquidation or the making of an administration order under the insolvency act 1986 and may be withdrawn by the council in the event that it is subsequently discovered that it was obtained as a result of any error or fraud .

The rules defining the nature of their liability to third parties are contained in ss9 and 12 of the Partnership Act as follows : s9 Every partner in a firm is liable jointly with the other partners … for all debts and obligations of the firm incurred while he is a partner ; and after his death his estate is also severally liable in a due course of administration for such debts and obligations , so far as they remain unsatisfied , but subject … to the prior payment of his separate debts .
the rules defining the nature of their liability to third parties are contained in ss9 and 12 of the partnership act as follows : s9 every partner in a firm is liable jointly with the other partners … for all debts and obligations of the firm incurred while he is a partner ; and after his death his estate is also severally liable in a due course of administration for such debts and obligations , so far as they [stay] unsatisfied , but subject … to the prior payment of his separate debts .

In any well-run firm the agreement will not be allowed to remain under lock and key unlooked at and unconsidered for years at a time .
in any well-run firm the agreement will not be allowed to [stay] under lock and key unlooked at and unconsidered for years at a time .

Thus s27 of the Partnership Act states : ( 1 ) Where a partnership entered into for a fixed term is continued after the term has expired , and without any express new agreement , the rights and duties of the partners remain the same as they were at the expiration of the term , so far as is consistent with the incidents of a partnership at will .
thus s27 of the partnership act states : ( 1 ) where a partnership entered into for a fixed term is continued after the term has expired , and without any express new agreement , the rights and duties of the partners [stay] the same as they were at the expiration of the term , so far as is consistent with the incidents of a partnership at will .

No person should be permitted to remain senior partner beyond the point when he has lost the confidence of his co-partners .
no person should be permitted to [stay] senior partner beyond the point when he has lost the confidence of his co-partners .

( c ) Medicals In some firms partners are required to submit themselves to regular medical checks as a way of confirming their fitness to remain in harness or as a means of alerting their co-partners as to some future problem .
( c ) medicals in some firms partners are required to submit themselves to regular medical checks as a way of confirming their fitness to [stay] in harness or as a means of alerting their co-partners as to some future problem .

Such agreement would not be fully enforceable : the court will not compel a partner to remain in the firm against his will , but an unwilling partner would have to choose between honouring his contract or laying himself open to an action for damages for breach of contract .
such agreement would not be fully enforceable : the court will not compel a partner to [stay] in the firm against his will , but an unwilling partner would have to choose between honouring his contract or laying himself open to an action for damages for breach of contract .

If the court or the arbitrator should find against the validity of the expulsion , the injured partner should as a matter of common sense be given the opportunity of retiring from the firm on short notice : relations with those party to an attempt to expel him could scarcely be expected to remain harmonious .
if the court or the arbitrator should find against the validity of the expulsion , the injured partner should as a matter of common sense be given the opportunity of retiring from the firm on short notice : relations with those party to an attempt to expel him could scarcely be expected to [stay] harmonious .

If the partners unanimously or by a prescribed majority feel that one of their number should no longer remain with the firm they are given power to require him to retire at the end of a period of notice , typically six months or not less than six months to expire at the end of the firm 's accounting year .
if the partners unanimously or by a prescribed majority feel that one of their number should no longer [stay] with the firm they are given power to require him to retire at the end of a period of notice , typically six months or not less than six months to expire at the end of the firm 's accounting year .

The principal applications have been and remain rent review and share valuation , which are covered in Chapters 2 and 3 .
the principal applications have been and [stay] rent review and share valuation , which are covered in chapters 2 and 3 .

1.5.2 Areas of contention remain
1.5.2 areas of contention [stay]

Where differences remain , a Classification Society might be seen as an ideal expert to decide technical disputes about the construction of ships .
where differences [stay] , a classification society might be seen as an ideal expert to decide technical disputes about the construction of ships .

The questions remain whether an arbitrator is obliged to follow the litigation practice and whether an expert is prohibited from doing so .
the questions [stay] whether an arbitrator is obliged to follow the litigation practice and whether an expert is prohibited from doing so .

In such cases the best course is for the lease to remain silent , leaving problems to be resolved as and when they arise .
in such cases the best course is for the lease to [stay] silent , leaving problems to be resolved as and when they arise .

However , this may be resisted by the landlord since the tenant , if he is protected by the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 , may remain in occupation of the demised property even after the expiry of a break notice , pending an application to the court for a new tenancy .
however , this may be resisted by the landlord since the tenant , if he is protected by the landlord and tenant act 1954 , may [stay] in occupation of the demised property even after the expiry of a break notice , pending an application to the court for a new tenancy .

In addition the costs of the determination will remain a reasonable proportion of the rental value of the property .
in addition the costs of the determination will [stay] a reasonable proportion of the rental value of the property .

( 3 ) When interest is paid on the manager 's loan , Newco must continue to comply with s13A ( 2 ) — this means it must continue to satisfy the relevant purpose test rather than that it should continue to remain a close company ; in the case of a purchase of shares in Target , the reason why Newco should be close after the institutions commit to invest is to ensure that institutions and management can invest at the same time and that , at that time , Newco is both close and satisfies the relevant purpose test , ie already controls Target ; management can not commit Newco to acquiring Target until the institutions have committed to funding Newco , and once they have so committed the institutions are likely to control Newco under s416 , so a structure is needed whereby management also controls Newco at this point .
( 3 ) when interest is paid on the manager 's loan , newco must continue to comply with s13a ( 2 ) — this means it must continue to satisfy the relevant purpose test rather than that it should continue to [stay] a close company ; in the case of a purchase of shares in target , the reason why newco should be close after the institutions commit to invest is to ensure that institutions and management can invest at the same time and that , at that time , newco is both close and satisfies the relevant purpose test , ie already controls target ; management can not commit newco to acquiring target until the institutions have committed to funding newco , and once they have so committed the institutions are likely to control newco under s416 , so a structure is needed whereby management also controls newco at this point .

This is less satisfactory for the vendor , however , as it will remain liable as tenant of the landlord and there is a risk that in years to come the purchaser may be unable to pay the rent .
this is less satisfactory for the vendor , however , as it will [stay] liable as tenant of the landlord and there is a risk that in years to come the purchaser may be unable to pay the rent .

The vendor will then be in a similar position as if it were still the original tenant under the lease and it will remain liable if an assignee defaults unless the landlord releases to vendor in the licence to assign .
the vendor will then be in a similar position as if it were still the original tenant under the lease and it will [stay] liable if an assignee defaults unless the landlord releases to vendor in the licence to assign .

This is true to a large extent in that the liabilities prior to completion remain with the vendor unless the purchaser agrees to accept them .
this is true to a large extent in that the liabilities prior to completion [stay] with the vendor unless the purchaser agrees to accept them .

One of the issues to be resolved between the vendor and purchaser is the question of whether the purchaser is willing to take over either of the debtors or creditors of the business or whether one or both of these will remain with the vendor after completion of the sale .
one of the issues to be resolved between the vendor and purchaser is the question of whether the purchaser is willing to take over either of the debtors or creditors of the business or whether one or both of these will [stay] with the vendor after completion of the sale .

The common solution is for both creditors and debtors to be excluded from the sale and to remain with the vendor as this is to the clear advantage of the purchaser .
the common solution is for both creditors and debtors to be excluded from the sale and to [stay] with the vendor as this is to the clear advantage of the purchaser .

The Trawsfynydd nuclear power plant in north Wales must remain closed , the Nuclear Installations Inspectorate has ruled .
the trawsfynydd nuclear power plant in north wales must [stay] closed , the nuclear installations inspectorate has ruled .

Around 30 or so of the larger lakes remain , mostly composed of heavy crude oil which is solidifying into a sticky , semi-viscous non-porous layer .
around 30 or so of the larger lakes [stay] , mostly composed of heavy crude oil which is solidifying into a sticky , semi-viscous non-porous layer .

Gabcikovo differences remain
gabcikovo differences [stay]

Opinion polls show that , despite record unemployment , Australian voters remain concerned about the environment .
opinion polls show that , despite record unemployment , australian voters [stay] concerned about the environment .

It will remain part of the Union of Democratic Forces coalition .
it will [stay] part of the union of democratic forces coalition .

The Act is due to be `` re-authorised `` later this year , although it will remain in force in any case until 1993 .
the act is due to be `` re-authorised `` later this year , although it will [stay] in force in any case until 1993 .

Licensing and safety inspection would remain in the hands of the government .
licensing and safety inspection would [stay] in the hands of the government .

Around 2 million hectares of natural forest remain , and this is being cleared at the rate of around 100,000-200,000 hectares every year .
around 2 million hectares of natural forest [stay] , and this is being cleared at the rate of around 100,000-200,000 hectares every year .

The potential of the new trucks will remain limited until their weight can be brought down .
the potential of the new trucks will [stay] limited until their weight can be brought down .

Around 50,000 pairs of tawny owls remain in Britain , compared to just 5,000 barn owls .
around 50,000 pairs of tawny owls [stay] in britain , compared to just 5,000 barn owls .

Around 10,000 are thought to remain .
around 10,000 are thought to [stay] .

Of the original 34,500 hectares , only 500 hectares of pristine peat bog now remain .
of the original 34,500 hectares , only 500 hectares of pristine peat bog now [stay] .

Only 180 Saimaa seals remain in their habitat in the Saimaa Canal , along Finland 's south-eastern border with Russia .
only 180 saimaa seals [stay] in their habitat in the saimaa canal , along finland 's south-eastern border with russia .

High-level waste will remain stored at the surface for at least 90 years .
high-level waste will [stay] stored at the surface for at least 90 years .

The authors stress that their proposal , based on computer simulations , remains `` sensitive to many assumptions `` , that `` serious uncertainties remain `` , and that many practical difficulties would have to be overcome .
the authors stress that their proposal , based on computer simulations , remains `` sensitive to many assumptions `` , that `` serious uncertainties [stay] `` , and that many practical difficulties would have to be overcome .

Greenpeace workers had begun packaging the 425 tonnes of waste , dumped in the Sibiu area of central Romania , for safe transport back to Germany and said they would remain at the site until the transport promised by German Environment Minister Klaus Töpfer arrived .
greenpeace workers had begun packaging the 425 tonnes of waste , dumped in the sibiu area of central romania , for safe transport back to germany and said they would [stay] at the site until the transport promised by german environment minister klaus töpfer arrived .

This has been destroyed to the point where only isolated pockets remain .
this has been destroyed to the point where only isolated pockets [stay] .

The ban will remain in force until new controls on forestry are introduced .
the ban will [stay] in force until new controls on forestry are introduced .

About half the estimated 6,000 wild tigers in Asia live in India , Nepal , Bhutan and Bangladesh ; only 30 or 40 remain in China .
about half the estimated 6,000 wild tigers in asia live in india , nepal , bhutan and bangladesh ; only 30 or 40 [stay] in china .

But the Waorani remain concerned that the development will lead to settlement and pollution .
but the waorani [stay] concerned that the development will lead to settlement and pollution .

In its report , The World Bank and the Environment 1993 , the Bank acknowledges that despite the increase in lending , a number of weaknesses remain in its environmental policies , particularly on public consultation . ``
in its report , the world bank and the environment 1993 , the bank acknowledges that despite the increase in lending , a number of weaknesses [stay] in its environmental policies , particularly on public consultation . ``

To the island inhabitants of Britain , such peoples remain distant ( though the English Channel constitutes now more a psychological than a physical barrier ) , with alien cultures , different interests , and different thought processes .
to the island inhabitants of britain , such peoples [stay] distant ( though the english channel constitutes now more a psychological than a physical barrier ) , with alien cultures , different interests , and different thought processes .

And despite the travails of recent times , trust in one 's fellow countrymen and a discriminating , possibly confident , perception of other people remain significant features of the British political culture .
and despite the travails of recent times , trust in one 's fellow countrymen and a discriminating , possibly confident , perception of other people [stay] significant features of the british political culture .

What is important is that they are and remain the orientations of most Britons , both at the mass and the elite level .
what is important is that they are and [stay] the orientations of most britons , both at the mass and the elite level .

This followed , `` writes Mackintosh , `` from the view that while a ministry retained the confidence of the elected representatives it was entitled to remain in office .
this followed , `` writes mackintosh , `` from the view that while a ministry retained the confidence of the elected representatives it was entitled to [stay] in office .

The Conservative party was returned to office in 1951 and was to remain there until 1964 .
the conservative party was returned to office in 1951 and was to [stay] there until 1964 .

Certain principles derived from common law remain fundamental to the Constitution , and these include the principle of parliamentary sovereignty .
certain principles derived from common law [stay] fundamental to the constitution , and these include the principle of parliamentary sovereignty .

In contrast , no government has sought to remain in office after losing a parliamentary vote of confidence .
in contrast , no government has sought to [stay] in office after losing a parliamentary vote of confidence .

The Protestant majority in Ulster wished to remain part of the United Kingdom , and the province of Northern Ireland has so remained .
the protestant majority in ulster wished to [stay] part of the united kingdom , and the province of northern ireland has so remained .

Government ministers are drawn from , and remain within , Parliament .
government ministers are drawn from , and [stay] within , parliament .

Party cohesion ensures that the cabinet usually enjoys a parliamentary majority , but political parties remain unknown to the Constitution .
party cohesion ensures that the cabinet usually enjoys a parliamentary majority , but political parties [stay] unknown to the constitution .

However , in some areas where religious loyalties remain strong , such loyalties can still alter the pattern of class voting .
however , in some areas where religious loyalties [stay] strong , such loyalties can still alter the pattern of class voting .

Some of the squadron commanders , and maybe the odd flight commander who again was not flying , invariably pointed out they need not go back to their operational training unit , they could remain and we would send for their kit .
some of the squadron commanders , and maybe the odd flight commander who again was not flying , invariably pointed out they need not go back to their operational training unit , they could [stay] and we would send for their kit .

The nearer a satellite is to its sun , the faster it has to travel if it is to counter the sun 's gravity and remain in stable orbit .
the nearer a satellite is to its sun , the faster it has to travel if it is to counter the sun 's gravity and [stay] in stable orbit .

For any given orbit , there is only one speed at which a satellite can travel and remain in that orbit .
for any given orbit , there is only one speed at which a satellite can travel and [stay] in that orbit .

They are like sharks that have passed under a steam roller , but they remain symmetrical and `` the right way up `` .
they are like sharks that have passed under a steam roller , but they [stay] symmetrical and `` the right way up `` .

Consequently , Foucault remarked ( p 151-152 ) : `` Time measured and paid must also be time without impurities or defects ; a time of good quality throughout which the body is constantly applied to its exercise … In the correct use of time , nothing must remain idle or useless : everything must be called upon to form the support of the act required . ``
consequently , foucault remarked ( p 151-152 ) : `` time measured and paid must also be time without impurities or defects ; a time of good quality throughout which the body is constantly applied to its exercise … in the correct use of time , nothing must [stay] idle or useless : everything must be called upon to form the support of the act required . ``

For they remain an integral part of that greatest of all our struggles — the advancement of human freedom in its Hegelian sense of `` knowledge of necessity `` .
for they [stay] an integral part of that greatest of all our struggles — the advancement of human freedom in its hegelian sense of `` knowledge of necessity `` .

Ryan 's proposal for a program for automatic story generation which fulfils her three criteria of creativity , aesthetic awareness and understanding will probably remain beyond the boundaries of feasibility for a long time , but it does demonstrate both the need for a greater contribution of ideas from poetics and narratology to developments in artificial intelligence , and the insights that can be gained from the attempt to shape one 's ideas about narrative into a form that can be learnt and applied by computers .
ryan 's proposal for a program for automatic story generation which fulfils her three criteria of creativity , aesthetic awareness and understanding will probably [stay] beyond the boundaries of feasibility for a long time , but it does demonstrate both the need for a greater contribution of ideas from poetics and narratology to developments in artificial intelligence , and the insights that can be gained from the attempt to shape one 's ideas about narrative into a form that can be learnt and applied by computers .

There is no doubt in de Man 's mind that the image plays a central role in Proust 's thematic opposition , but when one follows `` Proust 's own injunction `` to submit the image to the `` test of truth `` , the function of the image is subverted : `` statements or strategies that tended to remain unnoticed become apparent and undo what the figure seemed to have accomplished `` .
there is no doubt in de man 's mind that the image plays a central role in proust 's thematic opposition , but when one follows `` proust 's own injunction `` to submit the image to the `` test of truth `` , the function of the image is subverted : `` statements or strategies that tended to [stay] unnoticed become apparent and undo what the figure seemed to have accomplished `` .

They hold that the revelation was given through the cultural medium of one particular time , and that while the message may remain the same ( for example that one should love one 's neighbour ) this may require a different expression in a different age .
they hold that the revelation was given through the cultural medium of one particular time , and that while the message may [stay] the same ( for example that one should love one 's neighbour ) this may require a different expression in a different age .

It is clear why , if one wishes to remain within the Christian context , one should want to side with women ( and women-identified men ) against the ‘ male ’ establishment .
it is clear why , if one wishes to [stay] within the christian context , one should want to side with women ( and women-identified men ) against the ‘ male ’ establishment .

In the Declaration of Arbroath they made their principles splendidly clear : For as long as one hundred of us shall remain alive we shall never in any wise submit to the rule of the English , for it is not for glory alone we fight , for riches , or for honours , but for freedom , which no good man loses but with his life .
in the declaration of arbroath they made their principles splendidly clear : for as long as one hundred of us shall [stay] alive we shall never in any wise submit to the rule of the english , for it is not for glory alone we fight , for riches , or for honours , but for freedom , which no good man loses but with his life .

Then , at some stage , it was discovered that by reducing the proportions of wine and sugar to cream , the whip would remain thick and light without separating .
then , at some stage , it was discovered that by reducing the proportions of wine and sugar to cream , the whip would [stay] thick and light without separating .

Here they remain , protected from winter 's ravages by their natural thatch .
here they [stay] , protected from winter 's ravages by their natural thatch .

Once the fry have hatched , both parents remain on guard , leading the fry out of the cave in a school to feed , and returning them to the safety of the cave at night .
once the fry have hatched , both parents [stay] on guard , leading the fry out of the cave in a school to feed , and returning them to the safety of the cave at night .

But to be able to hunt successfully , males have to remain close together — sometimes , when hunting success is low , for many hours and over several kilometres , and so unusual tolerance of each other is called for .
but to be able to hunt successfully , males have to [stay] close together — sometimes , when hunting success is low , for many hours and over several kilometres , and so unusual tolerance of each other is called for .

Well trampled ground may remain that way for some time .
well trampled ground may [stay] that way for some time .

Others seem to hear your heartbeat and remain in a constant state of nervous tension .
others seem to hear your heartbeat and [stay] in a constant state of nervous tension .

Today , about 600,000 are thought to remain .
today , about 600,000 are thought to [stay] .

It was about the idea that a redwood was somehow sacred , that its fundamental identity should remain beyond our control .
it was about the idea that a redwood was somehow sacred , that its fundamental identity should [stay] beyond our control .

But even when we can interpret the signals , we can not predict whether they will fall in love at first sight , remain indifferent , or loathe each other .
but even when we can interpret the signals , we can not predict whether they will fall in love at first sight , [stay] indifferent , or loathe each other .

Until then , they remain grey , as does the outlook for the world 's ecosystems and people .
until then , they [stay] grey , as does the outlook for the world 's ecosystems and people .

While the landowners ' organisation is isolated at the local level , the problems of compensation for affected landowners and of management of the protected areas remain , largely due to the reluctance of the government .
while the landowners ' organisation is isolated at the local level , the problems of compensation for affected landowners and of management of the protected areas [stay] , largely due to the reluctance of the government .

And those Egyptians who take note of God 's warning remain safe ( 9:13–35 ) .
and those egyptians who take note of god 's warning [stay] safe ( 9:13–35 ) .

For 300 years , until it is replaced by the temple in Solomon 's day , the tabernacle will remain the focal centre of the nation 's worship .
for 300 years , until it is replaced by the temple in solomon 's day , the tabernacle will [stay] the focal centre of the nation 's worship .

His shoes , his books , his leather trunks and saddlery would similarly be covered in green mould and would remain so now until the end of the rainy season .
his shoes , his books , his leather trunks and saddlery would similarly be covered in green mould and would [stay] so now until the end of the rainy season .

Soon he was joined by other Europeans and henceforth it became a common sight to see one or other of the ladies or gentlemen of the `` confident `` party slapping away at the trough where once the dhobi had slapped ( for on the day after the Collector 's appearance the dhobi had vanished from the enclave , either because he considered it too dangerous to remain any longer now that the commander of the garrison had assumed the caste of dhobi or , more likely , because he resented the competition ) .
soon he was joined by other europeans and henceforth it became a common sight to see one or other of the ladies or gentlemen of the `` confident `` party slapping away at the trough where once the dhobi had slapped ( for on the day after the collector 's appearance the dhobi had vanished from the enclave , either because he considered it too dangerous to [stay] any longer now that the commander of the garrison had assumed the caste of dhobi or , more likely , because he resented the competition ) .

Some of the tattered congregation turned their heads to right and left , searching for Dr McNab ; others , though merely ragged skeletons these days , were required by their good breeding to remain facing to the front with expressions of indifference .
some of the tattered congregation turned their heads to right and left , searching for dr mcnab ; others , though merely ragged skeletons these days , were required by their good breeding to [stay] facing to the front with expressions of indifference .

The pitmen remain underground for eight or nine hours at a time and invariably take food down with them into the pits and eat it with unwashed hands and without a knife and fork .
the pitmen [stay] underground for eight or nine hours at a time and invariably take food down with them into the pits and eat it with unwashed hands and without a knife and fork .

He might remain up here indefinitely without anyone noticing his feeble signals !
he might [stay] up here indefinitely without anyone noticing his feeble signals !

Henry also sent messengers separately to Philip , presumably in the hope of driving a wedge between the allies , but Richard had instructed one of his most trusted advisers , his chancellor William Longchamp , to remain at the French court and look after his interests .
henry also sent messengers separately to philip , presumably in the hope of driving a wedge between the allies , but richard had instructed one of his most trusted advisers , his chancellor william longchamp , to [stay] at the french court and look after his interests .

This technique , which requires extremely sophisticated methods of analysis , will always remain the province of the specialist .
this technique , which requires extremely sophisticated methods of analysis , will always [stay] the province of the specialist .

In spite of these gaps , the broad lines of the fossil story remain clear .
in spite of these gaps , the broad lines of the fossil story [stay] clear .

These segments remain attached while they mature , eventually forming a chain that may be as much as 10 metres long .
these segments [stay] attached while they mature , eventually forming a chain that may be as much as 10 metres long .

But many of the fertilised eggs remain buried deep among the sand grains where they will stay for a month until , once more , high water reaches this part of the beach , stirring the sand , releasing the larvae to swim freely in the sea .
but many of the fertilised eggs [stay] buried deep among the sand grains where they will stay for a month until , once more , high water reaches this part of the beach , stirring the sand , releasing the larvae to swim freely in the sea .

These are not blown away but remain attached to the parent .
these are not blown away but [stay] attached to the parent .

The young larvae , hatching from the queen 's eggs are potentially of both sexes , but the queen 's pheromones with which they are fed by the workers inhibit their development and they remain sterile , wingless and blind .
the young larvae , hatching from the queen 's eggs are potentially of both sexes , but the queen 's pheromones with which they are fed by the workers inhibit their development and they [stay] sterile , wingless and blind .

But pheromones only remain effective for a short period .
but pheromones only [stay] effective for a short period .

Even so , flesh and cartilage is heavier than water and to remain above the sea floor , the sharks have to keep swimming .
even so , flesh and cartilage is heavier than water and to [stay] above the sea floor , the sharks have to keep swimming .

The lateral extensions of its body enable it to remain aloft with only a small expenditure of energy using the water for support as gliders use air .
the lateral extensions of its body enable it to [stay] aloft with only a small expenditure of energy using the water for support as gliders use air .

But in the gravel , the eggs remain , a thousand or so from every female .
but in the gravel , the eggs [stay] , a thousand or so from every female .

The fry remain in the streams for a few weeks , feeding on the flush of insects and crustaceans that appear in the warming waters .
the fry [stay] in the streams for a few weeks , feeding on the flush of insects and crustaceans that appear in the warming waters .

But these devices allow it to remain out of water for only a short time .
but these devices allow it to [stay] out of water for only a short time .

They remain so today despite the appearance of bigger and more powerful hunters which have compelled them to be more circumspect in their behaviour .
they [stay] so today despite the appearance of bigger and more powerful hunters which have compelled them to be more circumspect in their behaviour .

Another species , however , has only about twenty young but provides them with more yolk each and they remain within the sac until they become froglets .
another species , however , has only about twenty young but provides them with more yolk each and they [stay] within the sac until they become froglets .

The fertilised eggs are not then laid but remain inside the female 's oviduct .
the fertilised eggs are not then laid but [stay] inside the female 's oviduct .

It can remain in this state of suspended animation for at least two years .
it can [stay] in this state of suspended animation for at least two years .

The studies of Clay ( 1969 ) , Weber ( 1970 ) , and Biemiller ( 1970 ) remain key sources of understanding on this topic .
the studies of clay ( 1969 ) , weber ( 1970 ) , and biemiller ( 1970 ) [stay] key sources of understanding on this topic .

In spite of the predatory aunt , Shamley Green was to remain his home until the end of the war : he would engage in his ordinary business in London , and continue with his own writing in Surrey .
in spite of the predatory aunt , shamley green was to [stay] his home until the end of the war : he would engage in his ordinary business in london , and continue with his own writing in surrey .

You remain exactly the same `` .
you [stay] exactly the same `` .

Indeed it would not be too much to say that neither woman ever really got over it ; a day before the wedding he had written to Mary Trevelyan , expressing the hope that she would remain on friendly terms both with him and his new wife , but the old intimacy had necessarily gone for ever .
indeed it would not be too much to say that neither woman ever really got over it ; a day before the wedding he had written to mary trevelyan , expressing the hope that she would [stay] on friendly terms both with him and his new wife , but the old intimacy had necessarily gone for ever .

Pound had noticed those qualities when , in 1915 , he had written to Henry Ware Eliot in order to explain why his son should remain in London and not return to America — his course , he said , would be smoother than Pound 's own .
pound had noticed those qualities when , in 1915 , he had written to henry ware eliot in order to explain why his son should [stay] in london and not return to america — his course , he said , would be smoother than pound 's own .

France after 1960 quite quickly became the leader of western European activities in space and seems certain so to remain beyond the year 2000 .
france after 1960 quite quickly became the leader of western european activities in space and seems certain so to [stay] beyond the year 2000 .

But children do not possess a social analysis of what is happening to them , or around them , so the landscape and the pictures it presents have to remain a background , taking on meaning later , from different circumstances .
but children do not possess a social analysis of what is happening to them , or around them , so the landscape and the pictures it presents have to [stay] a background , taking on meaning later , from different circumstances .

Even more revealing of Baldwin 's personality than The Times letter and the action it announced was the note which he wrote immediately afterwards to John Davidson , who despite a twenty-two-year age gap had become and was to remain one of his closest friends :
even more revealing of baldwin 's personality than the times letter and the action it announced was the note which he wrote immediately afterwards to john davidson , who despite a twenty-two-year age gap had become and was to [stay] one of his closest friends :

He would break with Lloyd George , and it would remain to be seen whether the victim would be himself or the Prime Minister .
he would break with lloyd george , and it would [stay] to be seen whether the victim would be himself or the prime minister .

He thought that to remain would look ‘ unsporting ’ and would count against him the next time .
he thought that to [stay] would look ‘ unsporting ’ and would count against him the next time .

His first choice was to remain leader on his own terms , his second to go , and his third , last , and unacceptable one was to cling to the position on the terms of others .
his first choice was to [stay] leader on his own terms , his second to go , and his third , last , and unacceptable one was to cling to the position on the terms of others .

Given that framework , the glaring injustice to which the Whigs pointed was that the distribution of seats in Parliament should secure the ‘ representation of green mounds , of stone wall , even of a pig sty , while many of our most populous manufacturing towns remain unrepresented ’ ; that one propertied class should be overwhelmingly represented while another had so little say in Parliament .
given that framework , the glaring injustice to which the whigs pointed was that the distribution of seats in parliament should secure the ‘ representation of green mounds , of stone wall , even of a pig sty , while many of our most populous manufacturing towns [stay] unrepresented ’ ; that one propertied class should be overwhelmingly represented while another had so little say in parliament .

In that meritocratic future , working people would remain the proletariat , managed in their lives by meritocrats whose intentions would , of course , be benevolent .
in that meritocratic future , working people would [stay] the proletariat , managed in their lives by meritocrats whose intentions would , of course , be benevolent .

Confined to their present role , trade unions would remain a response to the exploitation , actual or hypothetical , of employees by employers — a response which meritocratic benevolence would , if performance matched intention , progressively reduce to a satisfied silence .
confined to their present role , trade unions would [stay] a response to the exploitation , actual or hypothetical , of employees by employers — a response which meritocratic benevolence would , if performance matched intention , progressively reduce to a satisfied silence .

The defence and advancement of the interests of their members as employees , traditional functions of trade unions , were to remain their principal raison d'être .
the defence and advancement of the interests of their members as employees , traditional functions of trade unions , were to [stay] their principal raison d'être .

In short , we may conclude that there is no need to suppose that industrial co-operatives in particular can not become large , or even very large , and remain successful businesses and authentic co-operatives but that the need to accommodate within them satisfactory constituencies may well affect their structure .
in short , we may conclude that there is no need to suppose that industrial co-operatives in particular can not become large , or even very large , and [stay] successful businesses and authentic co-operatives but that the need to accommodate within them satisfactory constituencies may well affect their structure .

The point here is not merely that full employment creates a scarcity of labour and so automatically puts up its price , not such that the unions negotiating with already willing and , indeed , anxious buyers would remain relatively passive as buyers bid against one another .
the point here is not merely that full employment creates a scarcity of labour and so automatically puts up its price , not such that the unions negotiating with already willing and , indeed , anxious buyers would [stay] relatively passive as buyers bid against one another .

The macro-economic case for the widespread and general adoption of the industrial co-operative form is that it is just such another structure ; that the structural change lies in making labour the employer of capital rather than , as at present capital the employer of labour ; that such a change would fuse the interests of ownership and labour , interests which so long as they remain separate must also remain ultimately opposed ; and that , because relations among co-operatives and between producers and providers on the one hand , and consumers and users on the other would be determined by the operation of a free competitive market , the workers in each co-operative will be exposed to its imperative discipline .
the macro-economic case for the widespread and general adoption of the industrial co-operative form is that it is just such another structure ; that the structural change lies in making labour the employer of capital rather than , as at present capital the employer of labour ; that such a change would fuse the interests of ownership and labour , interests which so long as they [stay] separate must also [stay] ultimately opposed ; and that , because relations among co-operatives and between producers and providers on the one hand , and consumers and users on the other would be determined by the operation of a free competitive market , the workers in each co-operative will be exposed to its imperative discipline .

To those who remain unpersuaded , there is this to say : that , in response to that recent survey , three-quarters of the directors questioned did after all consider that the pay settlements they had conceded were not too high .
to those who [stay] unpersuaded , there is this to say : that , in response to that recent survey , three-quarters of the directors questioned did after all consider that the pay settlements they had conceded were not too high .

Individuals remain third parties to treaties guaranteeing the protection of human rights , although some such treaties grant individuals procedural rights in international arenas .
individuals [stay] third parties to treaties guaranteeing the protection of human rights , although some such treaties grant individuals procedural rights in international arenas .

This obscures the fact that although States act as their representatives in international arenas , individuals remain as third parties .
this obscures the fact that although states act as their representatives in international arenas , individuals [stay] as third parties .

Complex treaty settlements may involve interlocking relationships where third party questions remain .
complex treaty settlements may involve interlocking relationships where third party questions [stay] .

While assignment might be established in exceptional circumstances , at the very least the presumption must remain against it .
while assignment might be established in exceptional circumstances , at the very least the presumption must [stay] against it .

The effect of a devolution agreement is not specified , so that many of the problems discussed by O'Connell remain .
the effect of a devolution agreement is not specified , so that many of the problems discussed by o'connell [stay] .

The parties intended to remain bound even after the independence of Poland .
the parties intended to [stay] bound even after the independence of poland .

It has been suggested that this opinion establishes that members of an organisation do not remain ‘ masters of the treaty ’ in that they were unable to amend the constitutive treaty .
it has been suggested that this opinion establishes that members of an organisation do not [stay] ‘ masters of the treaty ’ in that they were unable to amend the constitutive treaty .

States , unlike shareholders , do not merely own the organisations they have created but remain sovereign over them .
states , unlike shareholders , do not merely own the organisations they have created but [stay] sovereign over them .

If an agency relationship were accepted , there would remain the problem of the extent of the Council 's authority as agent .
if an agency relationship were accepted , there would [stay] the problem of the extent of the council 's authority as agent .

It was one of the conditions the Colonel laid down if he was to remain in hospital .
it was one of the conditions the colonel laid down if he was to [stay] in hospital .

Graham took a step towards her but the English-speaking Arab levelled the pistol menacingly at him and ordered him to remain where he was .
graham took a step towards her but the english-speaking arab levelled the pistol menacingly at him and ordered him to [stay] where he was .

They returned to the room where she explained about Philpott 's heart attack and his subsequent convalescence at the Bellevue Hospital where he would remain for the next few days .
they returned to the room where she explained about philpott 's heart attack and his subsequent convalescence at the bellevue hospital where he would [stay] for the next few days .

Whitlock had wanted to remain on duty for the banquet at the United Nations that evening but Kolchinsky had told him to call it a day .
whitlock had wanted to [stay] on duty for the banquet at the united nations that evening but kolchinsky had told him to call it a day .

Not content to remain secreted in his workshop he is founder and president of the Ely Guild of Woodturners , and he was one of the demonstrators at last year 's seminar of the Association of Woodturners of Great Britain .
not content to [stay] secreted in his workshop he is founder and president of the ely guild of woodturners , and he was one of the demonstrators at last year 's seminar of the association of woodturners of great britain .

So that Ulster as Ulster will remain evermore
so that ulster as ulster will [stay] evermore

So that Ulster as Ulster will remain evermore .
so that ulster as ulster will [stay] evermore .

The overwhelming majority of Ulster 's people remain implacably opposed to this diktat and its contention that our land must be jointly governed by the English and Irish bureaucrats .
the overwhelming majority of ulster 's people [stay] implacably opposed to this diktat and its contention that our land must be jointly governed by the english and irish bureaucrats .

The only real meter of sexuality and its changing ways is and must remain the actual extent of the increase in sexual relationships and their intensity , and the degree to which people as a whole are more tolerant of such relationships under varying circumstances . Are more people " having sex " ? Are extra-marital and casual sex increasing ? Have those sexual practices which were for long condemned as " deviant " or " perverted " really become general ? Are we , as a society , more knowledgeable and aware in sexual matters than our immediate predecessors ? To what extent have we lost our sexual judgment , our inhibitions , or our intolerance ?
the only real meter of sexuality and its changing ways is and must [stay] the actual extent of the increase in sexual relationships and their intensity , and the degree to which people as a whole are more tolerant of such relationships under varying circumstances . are more people " having sex " ? are extra-marital and casual sex increasing ? have those sexual practices which were for long condemned as " deviant " or " perverted " really become general ? are we , as a society , more knowledgeable and aware in sexual matters than our immediate predecessors ? to what extent have we lost our sexual judgment , our inhibitions , or our intolerance ?

In the middle and upper classes at least , children stayed `` children `` for longer ( it was harder for a child to remain so when it was working at the age of 12 or 13 ) ; girls and young women were more shielded from experience outside the home ; parents were , on the whole , stricter and more repressive .
in the middle and upper classes at least , children stayed `` children `` for longer ( it was harder for a child to [stay] so when it was working at the age of 12 or 13 ) ; girls and young women were more shielded from experience outside the home ; parents were , on the whole , stricter and more repressive .

This single cell divides into two identical cells ( which remain joined together ) , each of which divides to give a four-celled structure .
this single cell divides into two identical cells ( which [stay] joined together ) , each of which divides to give a four-celled structure .

However , in accordance with the conventions of the time , and because of his anticipated death , much would remain for his executors to arrange .
however , in accordance with the conventions of the time , and because of his anticipated death , much would [stay] for his executors to arrange .

He had not been well early in the previous year , and decided to resign as Chairman , though he did remain on the Board for five more years as the Goldsmiths ' nominee .
he had not been well early in the previous year , and decided to resign as chairman , though he did [stay] on the board for five more years as the goldsmiths ' nominee .

There was good reason for him to remain at the helm now , too : the wind was freshening and veering , so that it was coming close to dead astern .
there was good reason for him to [stay] at the helm now , too : the wind was freshening and veering , so that it was coming close to dead astern .

While she worked she told Sara how fortunate she was to be going to Portugal and to have been found a husband and how , when she was married , it would be her duty to obey him and remain utterly faithful to him , taking the Blessed Virgin Mary as her model and guide in all things .
while she worked she told sara how fortunate she was to be going to portugal and to have been found a husband and how , when she was married , it would be her duty to obey him and [stay] utterly faithful to him , taking the blessed virgin mary as her model and guide in all things .

" Now you are to remain here in your room until you are called down , Sara , do you understand ? And when you come down , remember to do so with dignity , so that Dom João will not be thinking that he is betrothed to a tinker 's daughter . "
" now you are to [stay] here in your room until you are called down , sara , do you understand ? and when you come down , remember to do so with dignity , so that dom joão will not be thinking that he is betrothed to a tinker 's daughter . "

It was a high one , but although she was confident she could climb it , she knew that if she tried to do so she would risk being seen from the house ; but beside it was a shallow grassy ditch were she could remain out of sight , so bending double she ran along this ditch , and came to the spot where she had seen Tristram .
it was a high one , but although she was confident she could climb it , she knew that if she tried to do so she would risk being seen from the house ; but beside it was a shallow grassy ditch were she could [stay] out of sight , so bending double she ran along this ditch , and came to the spot where she had seen tristram .

Norris believed that such national assets should remain in government hands ( pp .
norris believed that such national assets should [stay] in government hands ( pp .

If they re , then the root is 1 and the iterations have proceeded far enough ( r = s ) for only terms in 1 to remain .
if they re , then the root is 1 and the iterations have proceeded far enough ( r = s ) for only terms in 1 to [stay] .

Suppose the iterations have proceeded so far that only contributions from the two nearly-equal eigenvalues remain .
suppose the iterations have proceeded so far that only contributions from the two nearly-equal eigenvalues [stay] .

In the wider field of information processing in general , the development of computers and other sophisticated instruments has opened up a great many possibilities for really elaborate information retrieval techniques , but there remain very substantial difficulties of thesaurus control which librarians and information scientists in , particularly , the United Kingdom are at present exhaustively examining .
in the wider field of information processing in general , the development of computers and other sophisticated instruments has opened up a great many possibilities for really elaborate information retrieval techniques , but there [stay] very substantial difficulties of thesaurus control which librarians and information scientists in , particularly , the united kingdom are at present exhaustively examining .

In the changing world of the late twentieth century , not even professional groups remain static and unitary .
in the changing world of the late twentieth century , not even professional groups [stay] static and unitary .

The incredible ruined cities , many more of which still remain to be discovered in the jungle areas , are one fascination , if only to speculate as to how they were built in a civilisation which had no beast of burden bigger than a llama , no wheels , and no cutting edge except stone .
the incredible ruined cities , many more of which still [stay] to be discovered in the jungle areas , are one fascination , if only to speculate as to how they were built in a civilisation which had no beast of burden bigger than a llama , no wheels , and no cutting edge except stone .

The basic rules of procedure for any such exercise , short or prolonged , remain very much the same : a six-week programme may well include a series of short ten-minute sequences as well as other episodes and exercises and in devising materials for either one would take into account the basic procedures of materials production which we shall have occasion to examine in a later chapter .
the basic rules of procedure for any such exercise , short or prolonged , [stay] very much the same : a six-week programme may well include a series of short ten-minute sequences as well as other episodes and exercises and in devising materials for either one would take into account the basic procedures of materials production which we shall have occasion to examine in a later chapter .

Although the role of diagnostic angiography has been defined in the investigation of angina , there remain areas of controversy in unstable angina and early evolving infarction .
although the role of diagnostic angiography has been defined in the investigation of angina , there [stay] areas of controversy in unstable angina and early evolving infarction .

These feelings tend to be transitory but some patients remain psychologically disturbed for many years and , in a few psychological difficulties develop in the convalescent period which were not apparent during the acute episode.While these problems can sometimes be anticipated in hospital on the basis of the patient 's reaction to his illness , and any premorbid difficulties which he has encountered in the past , a better idea of his potential can be gained by following him during the convalescent period to observe how he copes with the various stresses and strains which he encounters during this time .
these feelings tend to be transitory but some patients [stay] psychologically disturbed for many years and , in a few psychological difficulties develop in the convalescent period which were not apparent during the acute episode.while these problems can sometimes be anticipated in hospital on the basis of the patient 's reaction to his illness , and any premorbid difficulties which he has encountered in the past , a better idea of his potential can be gained by following him during the convalescent period to observe how he copes with the various stresses and strains which he encounters during this time .

Sinclair thus gave an undertaking that his papers would always remain Unionist , but Steel-Maitland doubted if such a promise had any value .
sinclair thus gave an undertaking that his papers would always [stay] unionist , but steel-maitland doubted if such a promise had any value .

Law could give his party a new image , but the reality would remain much as before .
law could give his party a new image , but the reality would [stay] much as before .

This was little help : giving a working man equality of opportunity was tantamount to rejecting his claims outright , for the scales of wealth and influence would remain weighted against him .
this was little help : giving a working man equality of opportunity was tantamount to rejecting his claims outright , for the scales of wealth and influence would [stay] weighted against him .

" Off duty , " said Bigwig , " and likely to remain off duty . "
" off duty , " said bigwig , " and likely to [stay] off duty . "

He was certainly no coward , but he was likely to remain steady only as long as he could see his way clear and be sure of what to do .
he was certainly no coward , but he was likely to [stay] steady only as long as he could see his way clear and be sure of what to do .

Yet the fundamental principles remain .
yet the fundamental principles [stay] .

While procedural ethics ( often enshrined in press codes ) remain important , the real need today is to rediscover and cultivate the fundamental principles on which procedural norms rest .
while procedural ethics ( often enshrined in press codes ) [stay] important , the real need today is to rediscover and cultivate the fundamental principles on which procedural norms rest .

The embattled Arts Council sketches its own position in its newly published Draft National Arts and Media Strategy : ‘ We shall campaign for the arts funding system to remain as an intermediary between government and the arts ’ .
the embattled arts council sketches its own position in its newly published draft national arts and media strategy : ‘ we shall campaign for the arts funding system to [stay] as an intermediary between government and the arts ’ .

All works of art have the inalienable right to remain in their original abode rather than being shipped around the world for display .
all works of art have the inalienable right to [stay] in their original abode rather than being shipped around the world for display .

The rare books on this subject which make it to press do not remain in the shops .
the rare books on this subject which make it to press do not [stay] in the shops .

The community radio stations remain silent as they wait for laws to be passed to allow them to operate .
the community radio stations [stay] silent as they wait for laws to be passed to allow them to operate .

My sympathy lies squarely with those who refused to be part of the South African sham in order to remain eligible to play at the highest level , but who now find that they will probably lose that chance .
my sympathy lies squarely with those who refused to be part of the south african sham in order to [stay] eligible to play at the highest level , but who now find that they will probably lose that chance .

Their ability to swing it , he stressed yet again , was ‘ something to do with the grip ’ — but it was going to remain a secret !
their ability to swing it , he stressed yet again , was ‘ something to do with the grip ’ — but it was going to [stay] a secret !

By now he had become a Test cricketer , having played in three of the exciting 1960–61 Tests against West Indies ( and substituted in the field in the tied Test at Brisbane , his first , at Melbourne , being the 500th Test match , and bringing him poignantly what were to remain best batting and bowling performances in an eight-Test career .
by now he had become a test cricketer , having played in three of the exciting 1960–61 tests against west indies ( and substituted in the field in the tied test at brisbane , his first , at melbourne , being the 500th test match , and bringing him poignantly what were to [stay] best batting and bowling performances in an eight-test career .

Some of the defended sites which remain outside this network could be considered an extension of this system .
some of the defended sites which [stay] outside this network could be considered an extension of this system .

There still remain three sites , all north-west of the Fosse Way — Alcester , Droitwich and Worcester , and these could be seen as part of the fortified road network round the rich agricultural lands of the Lower Avon .
there still [stay] three sites , all north-west of the fosse way — alcester , droitwich and worcester , and these could be seen as part of the fortified road network round the rich agricultural lands of the lower avon .

Pottery has a limited life , determined by the function of the vessels , and thus store jars kept secure in a pantry may remain intact for several generations , while cooking pots , if in constant use , have a very short life .
pottery has a limited life , determined by the function of the vessels , and thus store jars kept secure in a pantry may [stay] intact for several generations , while cooking pots , if in constant use , have a very short life .

This was to remain a problem to bedevil Romano-British studies for many years .
this was to [stay] a problem to bedevil romano-british studies for many years .

Policy-makers remain in the traditional Whitehall departmental structure but policy-executives are ‘ hived off ’ into administrative agencies .
policy-makers [stay] in the traditional whitehall departmental structure but policy-executives are ‘ hived off ’ into administrative agencies .

Acts done in execution of the decision before the date of the quashing remain legal , but any such act done after that date would be illegal .
acts done in execution of the decision before the date of the quashing [stay] legal , but any such act done after that date would be illegal .

And , of course , unless an applicant with standing applies in time for certiorari and the court exercises its discretion in the applicant 's favour , the decision , though wrong , will remain valid for ever .
and , of course , unless an applicant with standing applies in time for certiorari and the court exercises its discretion in the applicant 's favour , the decision , though wrong , will [stay] valid for ever .

‘ As long as repressive laws remain on the books , a state of fear will prevail , and censorship will allow many thousands more to be imprisoned , tortured and killed , ’ the editorial says .
‘ as long as repressive laws [stay] on the books , a state of fear will prevail , and censorship will allow many thousands more to be imprisoned , tortured and killed , ’ the editorial says .

The administration would remain united , at least for the present , with Nick Serota as director for both .
the administration would [stay] united , at least for the present , with nick serota as director for both .

‘ Consignor loans remain the main part of our loan business , although we generally now only advance about 35 % of the low estimate ( as opposed to 1989 when up to 50 % might have been loaned ) which reflects the uncertainties of the market today .
‘ consignor loans [stay] the main part of our loan business , although we generally now only advance about 35 % of the low estimate ( as opposed to 1989 when up to 50 % might have been loaned ) which reflects the uncertainties of the market today .

The present sketch is the only remaining preparatory canvas for that work still in private hands and in the opinion of Vivian Endicott Barnett , author of the catalogue raisonné of the watercolours , the most important work from 1913 to remain in private hands .
the present sketch is the only remaining preparatory canvas for that work still in private hands and in the opinion of vivian endicott barnett , author of the catalogue raisonné of the watercolours , the most important work from 1913 to [stay] in private hands .

Phillips remain cosmopolitan and continental
phillips [stay] cosmopolitan and continental

By restricting the realm of contractual liability to the ordinary interplay of market forces , it is the invisible hand of the market which judges the fairness of the resulting distribution of wealth , and the law purports to remain neutral .
by restricting the realm of contractual liability to the ordinary interplay of market forces , it is the invisible hand of the market which judges the fairness of the resulting distribution of wealth , and the law purports to [stay] neutral .

Yet these virtues of trust and solidarity remain imperfectly realized by current understandings of interests theory .
yet these virtues of trust and solidarity [stay] imperfectly realized by current understandings of interests theory .

Even if institutional investors could be persuaded to exercise the responsibilities of ownership by playing an alert and activist part in monitoring corporate managers , difficulties would remain .
even if institutional investors could be persuaded to exercise the responsibilities of ownership by playing an alert and activist part in monitoring corporate managers , difficulties would [stay] .

On either account , of course , a judicial tendency will remain to pre-empt jury decision on the question whether the accused actually held the belief claimed .
on either account , of course , a judicial tendency will [stay] to pre-empt jury decision on the question whether the accused actually held the belief claimed .

The quaint 17th century patrician and merchant houses line the canals with their elegant facades and variety of gables which remain a striking characteristic of Amsterdam .
the quaint 17th century patrician and merchant houses line the canals with their elegant facades and variety of gables which [stay] a striking characteristic of amsterdam .

Visit the small community of ‘ de Zaanse Schans ’ just north of Amsterdam where there once were 700 windmills though only 5 remain .
visit the small community of ‘ de zaanse schans ’ just north of amsterdam where there once were 700 windmills though only 5 [stay] .

The churches should remain open for two hours each day
the churches should [stay] open for two hours each day

Its stones remain in their crates .
its stones [stay] in their crates .

This will bring together collections from a variety of sources although specialist departments of the Bibliothèque Nationale such as prints and photographs , manuscripts , coins and medals , maps and music , will remain in rue de Richelieu .
this will bring together collections from a variety of sources although specialist departments of the bibliothèque nationale such as prints and photographs , manuscripts , coins and medals , maps and music , will [stay] in rue de richelieu .

But all these agreements remain little more than pious hopes , even when , as in the case of Anna Wolska , President Walesa himself attempted to translate them into action .
but all these agreements [stay] little more than pious hopes , even when , as in the case of anna wolska , president walesa himself attempted to translate them into action .

The offer by Lancaster University to become ‘ academic custodians ’ of the collection , while ownership would remain in the Education Trust 's hands , was timely .
the offer by lancaster university to become ‘ academic custodians ’ of the collection , while ownership would [stay] in the education trust 's hands , was timely .

What matters are the collections , and they remain as poorly exhibited as ever .
what matters are the collections , and they [stay] as poorly exhibited as ever .

Cooper did not remain entirely alone .
cooper did not [stay] entirely alone .

Among his most celebrated compositions were 0 ' 0 ’ ( 1962 ) for which he chopped vegetables , put them in a blender and drank the juice , and the 4'33 ’ ( 1952 ) which required the performer to remain onstage , silent and immobile for four minutes , thirty-three seconds .
among his most celebrated compositions were 0 ' 0 ’ ( 1962 ) for which he chopped vegetables , put them in a blender and drank the juice , and the 4'33 ’ ( 1952 ) which required the performer to [stay] onstage , silent and immobile for four minutes , thirty-three seconds .

Architect Robert Luna 's remodelling of the second floor possesses a few postmodern touches here and there , such as angular cutouts in gallery walls , but it is otherwise a straightforward design in which many of the massive spaces remain daunting for viewer and smaller artworks alike .
architect robert luna 's remodelling of the second floor possesses a few postmodern touches here and there , such as angular cutouts in gallery walls , but it is otherwise a straightforward design in which many of the massive spaces [stay] daunting for viewer and smaller artworks alike .

Sales of snuff remain constant ( 0.1 million kilos manufactured weight ) .
sales of snuff [stay] constant ( 0.1 million kilos manufactured weight ) .

Therefore experiences which are stressful for some people will not be perceived as such by others — under the same circumstances some people 's taps will turn on and others will remain off .
therefore experiences which are stressful for some people will not be perceived as such by others — under the same circumstances some people 's taps will turn on and others will [stay] off .

Though it may be very difficult to establish what has triggered our first experience of anxiety , we know a lot more about what factors cause the stress tap to remain turned on , preventing the anxiety from ever going away spontaneously .
though it may be very difficult to establish what has triggered our first experience of anxiety , we know a lot more about what factors cause the stress tap to [stay] turned on , preventing the anxiety from ever going away spontaneously .

When the anxiety upper limit is reached it will remain at this level for a certain time .
when the anxiety upper limit is reached it will [stay] at this level for a certain time .

It is important to understand that you will always remain in ultimate control when relaxing and that you can always stop the proceedings at any time should they become unpleasant or uncomfortable .
it is important to understand that you will always [stay] in ultimate control when relaxing and that you can always stop the proceedings at any time should they become unpleasant or uncomfortable .

If , as it currently appears , it is correct that Western countries have almost no legal means to recuperate stolen works of art from Japan , and as long as Japan refuses to join the Unidroit convention , it will remain impossible to find a conclusive solution to art theft .
if , as it currently appears , it is correct that western countries have almost no legal means to recuperate stolen works of art from japan , and as long as japan refuses to join the unidroit convention , it will [stay] impossible to find a conclusive solution to art theft .

The Italian government , concerned that the better things should remain in Italy , were delighted to hear that many of them only made the journey by canal from the Cannareggio to the piano nobile of the Palazzo Malpiero .
the italian government , concerned that the better things should [stay] in italy , were delighted to hear that many of them only made the journey by canal from the cannareggio to the piano nobile of the palazzo malpiero .

The observed price of the object can then be decomposed and thought of as a weighted sum of the prices of each characteristic ; since one does not observe all the attributes , a part of the price of each drawing will remain unexplained , and contain the influence of time ( the trend , if any ) , as well as random elements ; this is the ‘ characteristic free ’ ( i.e .
the observed price of the object can then be decomposed and thought of as a weighted sum of the prices of each characteristic ; since one does not observe all the attributes , a part of the price of each drawing will [stay] unexplained , and contain the influence of time ( the trend , if any ) , as well as random elements ; this is the ‘ characteristic free ’ ( i.e .

During July the spacious rooms on Kurfürstendamm remain closed .
during july the spacious rooms on kurfürstendamm [stay] closed .

The national monopoly has disappeared and auctioning in France has been opened up to other Europeans , but auctioneers will remain officers appointed by the Minister of Justice .
the national monopoly has disappeared and auctioning in france has been opened up to other europeans , but auctioneers will [stay] officers appointed by the minister of justice .

Form is simply the vehicle for intellectual expression , which would otherwise remain invisible .
form is simply the vehicle for intellectual expression , which would otherwise [stay] invisible .

Very few remain intact today , having been dispersed mainly between the wars .
very few [stay] intact today , having been dispersed mainly between the wars .

homosexuality , rape ) ; courts may deal more leniently with females , and a proportion of female crime may remain undetected because the police are less sensitive to it .
homosexuality , rape ) ; courts may deal more leniently with females , and a proportion of female crime may [stay] undetected because the police are less sensitive to it .

Whether this insufficiency reflects a genuine difference in feminine propensity to crime , or merely the superior skill with which female law-breakers elude detection , and how this difference is related to factors in the training and education of girls which they do not share with their brothers — these questions remain unanswered and indeed unasked .
whether this insufficiency reflects a genuine difference in feminine propensity to crime , or merely the superior skill with which female law-breakers elude detection , and how this difference is related to factors in the training and education of girls which they do not share with their brothers — these questions [stay] unanswered and indeed unasked .

They are theoretically testable , but in practice remain untested .
they are theoretically testable , but in practice [stay] untested .

However according to the Rapoports ' analysis of the dual career family , women remain the domesticated individuals .
however according to the rapoports ' analysis of the dual career family , women [stay] the domesticated individuals .

Once a company is appointed , make sure that they are kept up to date and are encouraged to remain alert to your requirements .
once a company is appointed , make sure that they are kept up to date and are encouraged to [stay] alert to your requirements .

Further potential for ill-feeling and hardship arises when the tenants are all jointly responsible for the rent but one decides to move without warning , creating a rent hardship for those who remain .
further potential for ill-feeling and hardship arises when the tenants are all jointly responsible for the rent but one decides to move without warning , creating a rent hardship for those who [stay] .

Human society — without which we remain atomistic individuals , isolated and alone .
human society — without which we [stay] atomistic individuals , isolated and alone .

Love which , for whatever reason , is destined to remain forever undeclared .
love which , for whatever reason , is destined to [stay] forever undeclared .

Their passion for raiding has declined in recent years , but in most other respects their lifestyles have changed little in centuries , and the rugs they make today remain faithful to their ancestors ' methods of weaving and repertoire of designs .
their passion for raiding has declined in recent years , but in most other respects their lifestyles have changed little in centuries , and the rugs they make today [stay] faithful to their ancestors ' methods of weaving and repertoire of designs .

However , the prices of rugs from each individual weaving group remain relatively stable in relation to those of others .
however , the prices of rugs from each individual weaving group [stay] relatively stable in relation to those of others .

On the other hand , if the rug is allowed to remain damp over a protracted period , the colours may run and , more seriously , mildew may form and cause permanent damage to the foundation or pile .
on the other hand , if the rug is allowed to [stay] damp over a protracted period , the colours may run and , more seriously , mildew may form and cause permanent damage to the foundation or pile .

Consequently , the vast majority of contemporary rugs made in Afghanistan and the Soviet Union remain faithful to their tribal heritage and employ predominantly geometric schemes , despite being often of workshop origin .
consequently , the vast majority of contemporary rugs made in afghanistan and the soviet union [stay] faithful to their tribal heritage and employ predominantly geometric schemes , despite being often of workshop origin .

Evidence of this can be seen in both Indian painting and architecture of the period , as well as in the rug designs , and Persian aesthetic ideals and compositions remain an integral part of Indian weaving to this day .
evidence of this can be seen in both indian painting and architecture of the period , as well as in the rug designs , and persian aesthetic ideals and compositions [stay] an integral part of indian weaving to this day .

Hence the prices the established firm sets for the vector of products supplied may be expected to fall to average costs ( on average ) across the range , if the established firm is to remain in control .
hence the prices the established firm sets for the vector of products supplied may be expected to fall to average costs ( on average ) across the range , if the established firm is to [stay] in control .

Hence established-firm prices for the vector of products supplied may be expected to fall to average costs on average across the range , if the established firm is to remain in control .
hence established-firm prices for the vector of products supplied may be expected to fall to average costs on average across the range , if the established firm is to [stay] in control .

In the more remote part of the Country Park the foundations remain of a signal station used during the Napoleonic wars as a look-out for the approach of ‘ Boney ’ — a real threat in those days .
in the more remote part of the country park the foundations [stay] of a signal station used during the napoleonic wars as a look-out for the approach of ‘ boney ’ — a real threat in those days .

Although Swanage was a fishing village when Celia Fiennes ate the best lobster ever during her visit to Purbeck in 1608 , only a few boats remain to lay down pots to take holiday-makers mackerel-fishing .
although swanage was a fishing village when celia fiennes ate the best lobster ever during her visit to purbeck in 1608 , only a few boats [stay] to lay down pots to take holiday-makers mackerel-fishing .

In many ways , the issue of knowledge acquisition has been one that has separated the practicable representations of natural language semantics from those that can only remain as theories in textbooks .
in many ways , the issue of knowledge acquisition has been one that has separated the practicable representations of natural language semantics from those that can only [stay] as theories in textbooks .

Although psycholinguists need not be concerned with all sixteen ( and perhaps computational linguists less still ) , there remain some distinctions of which both disciplines should be aware .
although psycholinguists need not be concerned with all sixteen ( and perhaps computational linguists less still ) , there [stay] some distinctions of which both disciplines should be aware .

Concepts such as ’ semantically correct ’ and ’ semantically incorrect ’ remain somewhat contentious , and in practice are inessential to the text recognition problem : the measure of success is not found in adherence to some formal semantic proof but simply the ability to choose the same word as a human observer would .
concepts such as ’ semantically correct ’ and ’ semantically incorrect ’ [stay] somewhat contentious , and in practice are inessential to the text recognition problem : the measure of success is not found in adherence to some formal semantic proof but simply the ability to choose the same word as a human observer would .

However , the peak on the left hand side of the graph is deceptive : with small window sizes and no weak overlap , the vast majority of positions remain unaffected ; i.e .
however , the peak on the left hand side of the graph is deceptive : with small window sizes and no weak overlap , the vast majority of positions [stay] unaffected ; i.e .

they remain as ties .
they [stay] as ties .

To operate the program in this manner would therefore be pointless , since the vast majority of results would remain undecided .
to operate the program in this manner would therefore be pointless , since the vast majority of results would [stay] undecided .

The other potential problem was what would happen to Gloucester 's authority after the young king 's coronation , but even this seems to have been settled to the duke 's advantage and John Russell , in his draft speech for the opening of parliament , assumed that Gloucester would remain in overall control — although he clearly also felt that this was a departure from precedent which needed to be justified .
the other potential problem was what would happen to gloucester 's authority after the young king 's coronation , but even this seems to have been settled to the duke 's advantage and john russell , in his draft speech for the opening of parliament , assumed that gloucester would [stay] in overall control — although he clearly also felt that this was a departure from precedent which needed to be justified .

The date by which that choice had been made can be defined fairly precisely , although the motives behind the decision remain obscure .
the date by which that choice had been made can be defined fairly precisely , although the motives behind the decision [stay] obscure .

As long as the Woodvilles were identified with the crown this distinction was unimportant , but if the two interests split , as they did in 1483 , the loyalties of such men would tend to remain with the crown .
as long as the woodvilles were identified with the crown this distinction was unimportant , but if the two interests split , as they did in 1483 , the loyalties of such men would tend to [stay] with the crown .

Doctors attempted to remain firmly in control of advice on contraception , and advocates of its use were generally coolly received .
doctors attempted to [stay] firmly in control of advice on contraception , and advocates of its use were generally coolly received .

Similarly , as we have seen , householders often insisted that female domestic servants must remain single .
similarly , as we have seen , householders often insisted that female domestic servants must [stay] single .

Very large numbers of married women did , for various reasons , remain in paid labour .
very large numbers of married women did , for various reasons , [stay] in paid labour .

It was the persuasion of the Vice Society that led Lord Chancellor Campbell to push through the Obscene Publications Act of 1857 , an Act which was to remain in force for a hundred years , and this was followed by the establishment of the first ( and short-lived ) Obscene Publications police squad in London .
it was the persuasion of the vice society that led lord chancellor campbell to push through the obscene publications act of 1857 , an act which was to [stay] in force for a hundred years , and this was followed by the establishment of the first ( and short-lived ) obscene publications police squad in london .

Now 45 , Marian decided to remain unemployed for six months so she could see how she felt about work , to settle her daughters and adjust to her new house .
now 45 , marian decided to [stay] unemployed for six months so she could see how she felt about work , to settle her daughters and adjust to her new house .

He was rather an unambitious man as regards fame and position , being content to remain with the firm of Boulton & Watt until his death .
he was rather an unambitious man as regards fame and position , being content to [stay] with the firm of boulton & watt until his death .

The ‘ broth ’ were all out in the park , where they would remain until tea time , and Patsy was over with a boy called Ed , who had befriended Patsy at school .
the ‘ broth ’ were all out in the park , where they would [stay] until tea time , and patsy was over with a boy called ed , who had befriended patsy at school .

They feared that if the union fund was too heavily committed to payment of ‘ friendly benefits ’ , insufficient would remain in the fund to finance industrial action .
they feared that if the union fund was too heavily committed to payment of ‘ friendly benefits ’ , insufficient would [stay] in the fund to finance industrial action .

This view had much in common with the continuing liberal preference for strong local government for a similar end , although liberals preferred the ownership of the economy to remain in private hands .
this view had much in common with the continuing liberal preference for strong local government for a similar end , although liberals preferred the ownership of the economy to [stay] in private hands .

Nevertheless , the reasons for the striking decline in infant mortality in this period remain rather mysterious .
nevertheless , the reasons for the striking decline in infant mortality in this period [stay] rather mysterious .

By the time , in 1909 , the Majority Report of the Royal Commission on the Poor Laws and Relief of Distress recommended that the relief of poverty should remain primarily in the hands of voluntary organizations , such organizations were already beginning to decline from their late-nineteenth-century peak .
by the time , in 1909 , the majority report of the royal commission on the poor laws and relief of distress recommended that the relief of poverty should [stay] primarily in the hands of voluntary organizations , such organizations were already beginning to decline from their late-nineteenth-century peak .

Children under three were to remain with their mothers .
children under three were to [stay] with their mothers .

Sadler 's activities as a notary in Chancery remain obscure .
sadler 's activities as a notary in chancery [stay] obscure .

Included in your tour is a 1 day excursion to the Grand Canyon by air — the breathtaking views awaiting you will remain vivid long after your holiday is over .
included in your tour is a 1 day excursion to the grand canyon by air — the breathtaking views awaiting you will [stay] vivid long after your holiday is over .

Provisions listed in the second column below and those of regulations etc. made under them , remain in existence until replaced by regulations made under the Order .
provisions listed in the second column below and those of regulations etc. made under them , [stay] in existence until replaced by regulations made under the order .

This number will be personal to you and will remain your Driver Identity for as long as you are entitled to drive .
this number will be personal to you and will [stay] your driver identity for as long as you are entitled to drive .

Endorsements normally remain on a licence for 2 years .
endorsements normally [stay] on a licence for 2 years .

Finally , as industrial societies do not remain static — indeed some sociologists are already talking of a ‘ postindustrial ’ society — what further changes , if any , are we likely to see in patterns of family living or in the development of alternatives to what we usually understand as ‘ the family ’ ?
finally , as industrial societies do not [stay] static — indeed some sociologists are already talking of a ‘ postindustrial ’ society — what further changes , if any , are we likely to see in patterns of family living or in the development of alternatives to what we usually understand as ‘ the family ’ ?

And yet comparatively simple problems remain to be solved .
and yet comparatively simple problems [stay] to be solved .

One argument is indisputable : that unless there is investment on an enormous scale on the improvement of provision , the reality of day-care experiences for unknown but substantial numbers of young children whose parents find it necessary or choose to work , is likely to remain a cause of concern .
one argument is indisputable : that unless there is investment on an enormous scale on the improvement of provision , the reality of day-care experiences for unknown but substantial numbers of young children whose parents find it necessary or choose to work , is likely to [stay] a cause of concern .

Should a phase generally be gratifying he will successfully pass through that one to the next ; should it be frustrating he will remain fixated at this stage and as an adult manifest a particular personality constellation , such as the ‘ oral character ’ , distinguished by such features as excessive dependence , passivity and ‘ mouth habits ’ .
should a phase generally be gratifying he will successfully pass through that one to the next ; should it be frustrating he will [stay] fixated at this stage and as an adult manifest a particular personality constellation , such as the ‘ oral character ’ , distinguished by such features as excessive dependence , passivity and ‘ mouth habits ’ .

If personality were irreversibly fixed by particular child-rearing practices the individual would remain for ever at the mercy of specific experiences in his past .
if personality were irreversibly fixed by particular child-rearing practices the individual would [stay] for ever at the mercy of specific experiences in his past .

The notion that parents can exert a particularly profound influence during the first few years — an influence that will remain throughout life and can not be eradicated by subsequent experience-is certainly widespread .
the notion that parents can exert a particularly profound influence during the first few years — an influence that will [stay] throughout life and can not be eradicated by subsequent experience-is certainly widespread .

Again discontinuity of experience marks the lives of these children , despite the fact that they remain in their own homes all along .
again discontinuity of experience marks the lives of these children , despite the fact that they [stay] in their own homes all along .

And if a woman ( or man for that matter ) devotes , say eight years to the care of two children , there remain at least thirty more years of outside earning capacity .
and if a woman ( or man for that matter ) devotes , say eight years to the care of two children , there [stay] at least thirty more years of outside earning capacity .

The rewards to be gained from achieving a healed leg after months , years , and sometimes even decades of ulceration are enormous , yet the eighteenth century sentiments which prompted the following descriptions of leg ulcers : ‘ an inferior branch of practice ’ ; ‘ a loathsome disorder ’ remain prevalent among many general practitioners ( GPs ) today .
the rewards to be gained from achieving a healed leg after months , years , and sometimes even decades of ulceration are enormous , yet the eighteenth century sentiments which prompted the following descriptions of leg ulcers : ‘ an inferior branch of practice ’ ; ‘ a loathsome disorder ’ [stay] prevalent among many general practitioners ( gps ) today .

For much of the population , numbed by defeat , the reforms were initially tangential to efforts to maintain a basic standard of life , but while the reforms themselves were accepted with considerable resignation , none could remain untouched by their effects for long .
for much of the population , numbed by defeat , the reforms were initially tangential to efforts to maintain a basic standard of life , but while the reforms themselves were accepted with considerable resignation , none could [stay] untouched by their effects for long .

Its main provision was that if either party were engaged in war with one other country in East Asia the other party would remain uninvolved , but should two enemies become involved the other party to the alliance would join forces .
its main provision was that if either party were engaged in war with one other country in east asia the other party would [stay] uninvolved , but should two enemies become involved the other party to the alliance would join forces .

The main foci of international relations remain the American connection and the pursuit of trade and investment .
the main foci of international relations [stay] the american connection and the pursuit of trade and investment .

It was widely assumed that China , with her vast size and resources , would be the victor , and that the status quo in East Asia would remain unchanged .
it was widely assumed that china , with her vast size and resources , would be the victor , and that the status quo in east asia would [stay] unchanged .

Koreans remain cautious of the Japanese , and the situation of Koreans in Japan does little to remove this suspicion .
koreans [stay] cautious of the japanese , and the situation of koreans in japan does little to remove this suspicion .

Their major concerns remain their nation , their families , their work and their friendship groups .
their major concerns [stay] their nation , their families , their work and their friendship groups .

For many of those who did remain life was very hard ; family members frequently had to seek outside employment on a part-time or short-term basis .
for many of those who did [stay] life was very hard ; family members frequently had to seek outside employment on a part-time or short-term basis .

For the most part , though , these aspirations regarding a new industrialization of the countryside remain unachieved .
for the most part , though , these aspirations regarding a new industrialization of the countryside [stay] unachieved .

As you work your desk should remain tidy and unnecessary paper disposed of .
as you work your desk should [stay] tidy and unnecessary paper disposed of .

Some find themselves into formal language while others remain always in the realm of slang .
some find themselves into formal language while others [stay] always in the realm of slang .

In case of the conversion of a partnership into a Kft , the Act provides that the unanimous decision of the members is required and they remain jointly and severally liable for five years for the existing indebtedness of the partnership .
in case of the conversion of a partnership into a kft , the act provides that the unanimous decision of the members is required and they [stay] jointly and severally liable for five years for the existing indebtedness of the partnership .

Unless you have agreed that we may disclose information about your personal affairs ( or we are required by law to do so ) , such information will remain confidential to us provided you have not failed to repay us any money properly demanded from you ( see next bullet point b ) .
unless you have agreed that we may disclose information about your personal affairs ( or we are required by law to do so ) , such information will [stay] confidential to us provided you have not failed to repay us any money properly demanded from you ( see next bullet point b ) .

For many business customers the collection and processing of cash and cheques remain a fundamental corner-stone of their activities , despite the rapid advance in the use of credit cards and electronic payments .
for many business customers the collection and processing of cash and cheques [stay] a fundamental corner-stone of their activities , despite the rapid advance in the use of credit cards and electronic payments .

If your account does not remain in credit , charges will be deducted in accordance with our published personal Current Account tariff .
if your account does not [stay] in credit , charges will be deducted in accordance with our published personal current account tariff .

This means that you have the peace of mind of knowing that whatever happens to general interest rates , your return will remain the same .
this means that you have the peace of mind of knowing that whatever happens to general interest rates , your return will [stay] the same .

And you will also receive a special Convalescence payment of up to £800 if you remain in hospital for 10 or more days after an accident .
and you will also receive a special convalescence payment of up to £800 if you [stay] in hospital for 10 or more days after an accident .

Or it might suggest that the religious symbols , by which men and women have conferred meaning on their lives , meet such pressing psychological needs that they remain impervious to scientific frames of meaning , which , in the last analysis , only dictate how things are and how they came to be so , without pretending to answer the why and the wherefore .
or it might suggest that the religious symbols , by which men and women have conferred meaning on their lives , meet such pressing psychological needs that they [stay] impervious to scientific frames of meaning , which , in the last analysis , only dictate how things are and how they came to be so , without pretending to answer the why and the wherefore .

By taking a particular view of the elements , Bacon even set out to show that human bodies could remain in hellfire for eternity .
by taking a particular view of the elements , bacon even set out to show that human bodies could [stay] in hellfire for eternity .

Yet there clearly were affinities between the Paracelsian approach to disease and later models — not least in the insistence that a chemical cure should always be sought rather than accept the physicians word that certain conditions would remain incurable .
yet there clearly were affinities between the paracelsian approach to disease and later models — not least in the insistence that a chemical cure should always be sought rather than accept the physicians word that certain conditions would [stay] incurable .

Despite all the fence-mending that has gone on , relations have been , and remain , strained at times , leading to frequently repeated disavowals of territorial ambition by the Lord Chancellor 's Department .
despite all the fence-mending that has gone on , relations have been , and [stay] , strained at times , leading to frequently repeated disavowals of territorial ambition by the lord chancellor 's department .

Because those who re-offended went to prison automatically , without the possibility of a non-custodial sentence the next time they were convicted of an imprisonable offence , they might remain in custody for a longer time than would otherwise have been the case .
because those who re-offended went to prison automatically , without the possibility of a non-custodial sentence the next time they were convicted of an imprisonable offence , they might [stay] in custody for a longer time than would otherwise have been the case .

Since May 1977 Labour no longer had an overall majority in the House of Commons , depending on Liberal or Nationalist support to remain in office .
since may 1977 labour no longer had an overall majority in the house of commons , depending on liberal or nationalist support to [stay] in office .

In view of the concern of goatkeepers , the three goat premises were to remain restricted .
in view of the concern of goatkeepers , the three goat premises were to [stay] restricted .

Given that a totally closed economy is no longer a feasible option , questions remain about the optimal timing , the sectoral priorities and the best forms of liberalisation .
given that a totally closed economy is no longer a feasible option , questions [stay] about the optimal timing , the sectoral priorities and the best forms of liberalisation .

All too often , newly privatised enterprises remain dependent on political connections for a wide range of monopolistic privileges to cushion the full force of competition .
all too often , newly privatised enterprises [stay] dependent on political connections for a wide range of monopolistic privileges to cushion the full force of competition .

He has arrived only a short while before , but did not question the order that von Keller gave to Lt Rosen and several men of the 10th Company to remain close to the vehicle and to bring it up to the battalion by road .
he has arrived only a short while before , but did not question the order that von keller gave to lt rosen and several men of the 10th company to [stay] close to the vehicle and to bring it up to the battalion by road .

He reads the texts that remain to us from sixth century Greece as evidence of ‘ a more thoroughgoing individual challenge to the orthodox cultural tradition … than occurred elsewhere ’ ( ibid . )
he reads the texts that [stay] to us from sixth century greece as evidence of ‘ a more thoroughgoing individual challenge to the orthodox cultural tradition … than occurred elsewhere ’ ( ibid . )

However , the theoretical advances that these views represent do not seem to have significantly affected statements about literacy , which appear at times to remain in a pre-Saussurian world .
however , the theoretical advances that these views represent do not seem to have significantly affected statements about literacy , which appear at times to [stay] in a pre-saussurian world .

The letter is about the vexed question of ‘ unmet need ’ and whether to record it and employ extra solicitors or whether to ignore it and allow the DoH to remain in blissful ignorance .
the letter is about the vexed question of ‘ unmet need ’ and whether to record it and employ extra solicitors or whether to ignore it and allow the doh to [stay] in blissful ignorance .

There are many examples of companies which have developed right away from their original business and yet still remain proud names .
there are many examples of companies which have developed right away from their original business and yet still [stay] proud names .

But there remain important differences .
but there [stay] important differences .

Details of the type of the room , rates and equipment remain permanently in the rack .
details of the type of the room , rates and equipment [stay] permanently in the rack .

From the point of view of the hotel receptionist it is important to remember a vital practical point : do not refuse to take guest 's property into safe custody , and make sure that either you or one of your staff constantly remain at the reception desk in order to fulfil this duty .
from the point of view of the hotel receptionist it is important to remember a vital practical point : do not refuse to take guest 's property into safe custody , and make sure that either you or one of your staff constantly [stay] at the reception desk in order to fulfil this duty .

‘ No , Fred , ’ she demurred , trying to remain calm .
‘ no , fred , ’ she demurred , trying to [stay] calm .

Despite these findings key questions remain concerning the prediction of successful mothering after postpartum psychiatric disorder , and there is little evidence on how maternal competence can best be assessed .
despite these findings key questions [stay] concerning the prediction of successful mothering after postpartum psychiatric disorder , and there is little evidence on how maternal competence can best be assessed .

The limited data available suggest there are also substantial socioeconomic differences in morbidity , but these differences remain largely unexplained .
the limited data available suggest there are also substantial socioeconomic differences in morbidity , but these differences [stay] largely unexplained .

Similarly , they do not remain fixed : goals at 20 may be different from those at 30 and 40 and 50 years .
similarly , they do not [stay] fixed : goals at 20 may be different from those at 30 and 40 and 50 years .

Most of us will be average , and our children will remain at our socio-economic level or move marginally higher up the social order in line with an overall improvement in standards of living .
most of us will be average , and our children will [stay] at our socio-economic level or move marginally higher up the social order in line with an overall improvement in standards of living .

Role ambiguity occurs when others ' expectations are badly signalled or received and remain unclear .
role ambiguity occurs when others ' expectations are badly signalled or received and [stay] unclear .

In this sense it may remain dormant .
in this sense it may [stay] dormant .

Cohesion can be described as the sum of all the factors that influence members to remain in the group .
cohesion can be described as the sum of all the factors that influence members to [stay] in the group .

Despite the problems with groups they remain a major fact of life in all organizations .
despite the problems with groups they [stay] a major fact of life in all organizations .

It remains possible that a few patients are susceptible to a change in insulin species , and obviously patients who are unhappy with human insulin should not remain on it .
it remains possible that a few patients are susceptible to a change in insulin species , and obviously patients who are unhappy with human insulin should not [stay] on it .

As a party , the Republicans , in electoral terms , remain weak below the presidential level and Reagan 's victory in 1980 can now be seen as largely a personal rather than an ideological or party triumph .
as a party , the republicans , in electoral terms , [stay] weak below the presidential level and reagan 's victory in 1980 can now be seen as largely a personal rather than an ideological or party triumph .

Cabinet members and other senior administrators were also obliged to attend indoctrination sessions where major figures , from the president down , lectured them on the virtues of teamwork and exhorted them to remain faithful to the principles of Reaganism .
cabinet members and other senior administrators were also obliged to attend indoctrination sessions where major figures , from the president down , lectured them on the virtues of teamwork and exhorted them to [stay] faithful to the principles of reaganism .

It is difficult not to sympathize with the frustrations of an obviously sincere cabinet member trying to remain loyal to the president while , at the same time , protecting the education service from the depre-dations of conservative extremists .
it is difficult not to sympathize with the frustrations of an obviously sincere cabinet member trying to [stay] loyal to the president while , at the same time , protecting the education service from the depre-dations of conservative extremists .

’ It was essential , moreover , that the executive should , as far as possible , remain in charge of the budgetary process to ensure that the final product , as far as possible , reflected the president 's economic policy preferences rather than those of the legislature .
’ it was essential , moreover , that the executive should , as far as possible , [stay] in charge of the budgetary process to ensure that the final product , as far as possible , reflected the president 's economic policy preferences rather than those of the legislature .

It was axiomatic that peasant agriculture must not be jeopardized , that the peasantry must remain closely bound to the land , and that the spectre of a restless , landless proletariat must be avoided .
it was axiomatic that peasant agriculture must not be jeopardized , that the peasantry must [stay] closely bound to the land , and that the spectre of a restless , landless proletariat must be avoided .

for while the economic power of leading industrialists and businessmen grew enormously , they tended to remain as politically subservient as the traditional merchant community .
for while the economic power of leading industrialists and businessmen grew enormously , they tended to [stay] as politically subservient as the traditional merchant community .

Columbus-America designed Nemo to remain at depths of 1.5 miles for several days .
columbus-america designed nemo to [stay] at depths of 1.5 miles for several days .

Under normal conditions , therefore , they may rely on plant stems and trees to remain upright .
under normal conditions , therefore , they may rely on plant stems and trees to [stay] upright .

The tube tips remain closed , and show no sign of damage .
the tube tips [stay] closed , and show no sign of damage .

Many patients with rheumatoid disease of the cervical spine remain asymptomatic for years , but they are at risk of a range of neurological complications and even sudden death from medullary compression .
many patients with rheumatoid disease of the cervical spine [stay] asymptomatic for years , but they are at risk of a range of neurological complications and even sudden death from medullary compression .

Many patients with substantial deformities remain asymptomatic , but they are at increased risk of neurological damage with the passage of time .
many patients with substantial deformities [stay] asymptomatic , but they are at increased risk of neurological damage with the passage of time .

Firstly , do the findings of the Black report relating to the period up to and including 1983 remain unchanged now that more comprehensive data sets and analyses are available ?
firstly , do the findings of the black report relating to the period up to and including 1983 [stay] unchanged now that more comprehensive data sets and analyses are available ?

Despite the weight of evidence linking the severity of impairment with the degree of hyperphenylalaninaemia there remain some difficulties in interpreting the data .
despite the weight of evidence linking the severity of impairment with the degree of hyperphenylalaninaemia there [stay] some difficulties in interpreting the data .

Even if we encourage some doctors to specialise in medical education , most of the day to day teaching will remain the domain of jobbing doctors .
even if we encourage some doctors to specialise in medical education , most of the day to day teaching will [stay] the domain of jobbing doctors .

For the monastic reformers Odilo of Cluny and Richard of St Vanne were renowned for their consolidation of monastic demesnes , their determination to ensure that what had once been granted to their houses should remain their inalienable property .
for the monastic reformers odilo of cluny and richard of st vanne were renowned for their consolidation of monastic demesnes , their determination to ensure that what had once been granted to their houses should [stay] their inalienable property .

When a nova is found , it is important to follow it as carefully as possible , and binoculars can be very helpful indeed , particularly as most bright novæ remain within binocular range for some time .
when a nova is found , it is important to follow it as carefully as possible , and binoculars can be very helpful indeed , particularly as most bright novæ [stay] within binocular range for some time .

Orion is setting in the west ; Sirius is out of view , though Procyon and the Twins remain , and Aldebaran is still above the horizon .
orion is setting in the west ; sirius is out of view , though procyon and the twins [stay] , and aldebaran is still above the horizon .

It is worth remembering that in conditions of mist or moonlight , the whole south-polar region appears blank , and Beta Hydri is often the only star fairly close to the pole to remain visible with the naked eye .
it is worth remembering that in conditions of mist or moonlight , the whole south-polar region appears blank , and beta hydri is often the only star fairly close to the pole to [stay] visible with the naked eye .

Tight definitions of the state and clear conceptual distinctions between state and government remain enormously contentious , but in European social science at least there has been a lively debate .
tight definitions of the state and clear conceptual distinctions between state and government [stay] enormously contentious , but in european social science at least there has been a lively debate .

Similar conclusions can be drawn about the number of jobs held in an average career but there remain marked differences according to age , educational background , gender and size of firm .
similar conclusions can be drawn about the number of jobs held in an average career but there [stay] marked differences according to age , educational background , gender and size of firm .

Company commitment and the willingness to remain with the same firm for long periods may therefore be underpinned by the prospect of heavy sacrifices that accompany the alternatives .
company commitment and the willingness to [stay] with the same firm for long periods may therefore be underpinned by the prospect of heavy sacrifices that accompany the alternatives .

At the present time , the keyboard , screen and printer remain the dominant devices for communicating with the computer , with tape and disc as the principal storage facilities .
at the present time , the keyboard , screen and printer [stay] the dominant devices for communicating with the computer , with tape and disc as the principal storage facilities .

Use the brush to transfer those that remain and then remove the old shoot .
use the brush to transfer those that [stay] and then remove the old shoot .

The only dealers who remain in their jobs are those who can sustain alertness during their long working hours .
the only dealers who [stay] in their jobs are those who can sustain alertness during their long working hours .

His title `` Button `` stuck even when Harvard shifted him into an administrative role ; he was obviously too intelligent to remain a runner .
his title `` button `` stuck even when harvard shifted him into an administrative role ; he was obviously too intelligent to [stay] a runner .

Normally the others would remain for another hour or so .
normally the others would [stay] for another hour or so .

With luck , she should — if she followed her usual pattern — remain in bed until around noon .
with luck , she should — if she followed her usual pattern — [stay] in bed until around noon .

You 'll remain in your room for the rest of today and all day tomorrow — if you want anything order it , and have it brought to your room .
you 'll [stay] in your room for the rest of today and all day tomorrow — if you want anything order it , and have it brought to your room .

`` You were told to remain in your room . ``
`` you were told to [stay] in your room . ``

For instance , the equality ( a — b ) ( c — d ) = ac + bd -ad -bc , acceptable to everyone whenever a , b , c , d were whole numbers with b less than a and d less than c , appeared to remain valid when particular irrational or complex numbers were substituted for the letters .
for instance , the equality ( a — b ) ( c — d ) = ac + bd -ad -bc , acceptable to everyone whenever a , b , c , d were whole numbers with b less than a and d less than c , appeared to [stay] valid when particular irrational or complex numbers were substituted for the letters .

In number theory too there ws interest in representing whole numbers by , amongst other things , binary quadratic forms and in quantities such as which remain unchanged when in are replaced by where α , β , γ , δ are integers and αδ -βγ = 1 .
in number theory too there ws interest in representing whole numbers by , amongst other things , binary quadratic forms and in quantities such as which [stay] unchanged when in are replaced by where α , β , γ , δ are integers and αδ -βγ = 1 .

Several of these still remain unsolved .
several of these still [stay] unsolved .

It is said that he tried to dissuade his sons from studying mathematics so that the name of Gauss would remain synonymous with excellence .
it is said that he tried to dissuade his sons from studying mathematics so that the name of gauss would [stay] synonymous with excellence .

Democracy is likely to remain not only a contestable concept , but also a `` critical `` concept : that is , a norm or ideal by which reality is tested and found wanting .
democracy is likely to [stay] not only a contestable concept , but also a `` critical `` concept : that is , a norm or ideal by which reality is tested and found wanting .

The issue is the people 's right to choose their representatives and to hold them accountable ; and , in this English context , Parliament has already become the focus of the struggle for democracy , as it was to remain in subsequent centuries .
the issue is the people 's right to choose their representatives and to hold them accountable ; and , in this english context , parliament has already become the focus of the struggle for democracy , as it was to [stay] in subsequent centuries .

The idea that the individual 's mind can remain a wholly independent entity , uninfluenced by its social and intellectual environment , is certainly a piece of individualist mythology .
the idea that the individual 's mind can [stay] a wholly independent entity , uninfluenced by its social and intellectual environment , is certainly a piece of individualist mythology .

Democracy involves debate and discussion , but these are not enough if they remain inconclusive and ineffective in determining actual policies .
democracy involves debate and discussion , but these are not enough if they [stay] inconclusive and ineffective in determining actual policies .

For those who remain in the country , life is very arduous :
for those who [stay] in the country , life is very arduous :

Herbal remedies therefore still remain very important and it is campesina women rather than men who know about the healing properties of local herbs and pass their knowledge down from one generation to the next .
herbal remedies therefore still [stay] very important and it is campesina women rather than men who know about the healing properties of local herbs and pass their knowledge down from one generation to the next .

Extended families living in the same household remain very common .
extended families living in the same household [stay] very common .

It is still standard practice to give priority to boys ' education , particularly in families where economic resources are scarce , and illiteracy among women is 10 % higher than for men.5 Girls are more likely to suffer from non-attendance , their drop-out rate is higher and they remain the low achievers .
it is still standard practice to give priority to boys ' education , particularly in families where economic resources are scarce , and illiteracy among women is 10 % higher than for men.5 girls are more likely to suffer from non-attendance , their drop-out rate is higher and they [stay] the low achievers .

Muscle attachments penetrate the epidermis , the myofibrillae usually being associated with tonofibrillae that run through the epidermis and into the procuticle , while the oenocytes ( p. 256 ) which originate from epidermal cells sometimes remain closely associated with this layer .
muscle attachments penetrate the epidermis , the myofibrillae usually being associated with tonofibrillae that run through the epidermis and into the procuticle , while the oenocytes ( p. 256 ) which originate from epidermal cells sometimes [stay] closely associated with this layer .

In some insects the invaginations remain open throughout life but , more usually , they become completely solid through the deposition of cuticular material .
in some insects the invaginations [stay] open throughout life but , more usually , they become completely solid through the deposition of cuticular material .

To these uncertainties has now been added the problems of deciding what performance constitutes mastery . Other uncertainties remain to be discussed : how should the influence of context on difficulty , for example , be taken account of ?
to these uncertainties has now been added the problems of deciding what performance constitutes mastery . other uncertainties [stay] to be discussed : how should the influence of context on difficulty , for example , be taken account of ?

Paper sensitized with platinum salts can , in experienced hands , suggest luminosity within the paper , register an unrivalled tonal range and remain permanently pristine .
paper sensitized with platinum salts can , in experienced hands , suggest luminosity within the paper , register an unrivalled tonal range and [stay] permanently pristine .

This is why much of philosophy has been barren for more than 2,000 years and is likely to remain so until philosophers learn to understand the language of information processing . ``
this is why much of philosophy has been barren for more than 2,000 years and is likely to [stay] so until philosophers learn to understand the language of information processing . ``

Three important matters remain , of which the first has to do with the things we discriminate within consciousness-the parts , segments , or passages of consciousness , as distinct from subject and contents .
three important matters [stay] , of which the first has to do with the things we discriminate within consciousness-the parts , segments , or passages of consciousness , as distinct from subject and contents .

But perhaps the picture that will remain in the minds of the few now here who knew him will be that of a long , thin figure folded into the driving seat of a small , fast , bright red sports car , his hair billowing wildly , his eyes crinkling through large , horn-rimmed spectacles and his mouth twisted into a mocking , sardonic grin .
but perhaps the picture that will [stay] in the minds of the few now here who knew him will be that of a long , thin figure folded into the driving seat of a small , fast , bright red sports car , his hair billowing wildly , his eyes crinkling through large , horn-rimmed spectacles and his mouth twisted into a mocking , sardonic grin .

His influence will always remain with us .
his influence will always [stay] with us .

The traditional attitude of government has been that official information should remain secret unless the government chooses to make it available .
the traditional attitude of government has been that official information should [stay] secret unless the government chooses to make it available .

It said that in reaching its decision , it had to balance two competing factors : ( a ) The public interest that requires the evidence to remain secret .
it said that in reaching its decision , it had to balance two competing factors : ( a ) the public interest that requires the evidence to [stay] secret .

( b ) That there is no satisfactory address for serving the summons either because he will not give an address , or it is doubtful if he will remain at the address long enough to accept service of the summons or is unable to furnish the name of anyone who would accept service on his behalf , e.g. social worker .
( b ) that there is no satisfactory address for serving the summons either because he will not give an address , or it is doubtful if he will [stay] at the address long enough to accept service of the summons or is unable to furnish the name of anyone who would accept service on his behalf , e.g. social worker .

They may twitch , move around to an apparently more comfortable position , but their eyes remain closed and they remain unresponsive .
they may twitch , move around to an apparently more comfortable position , but their eyes [stay] closed and they [stay] unresponsive .

Together with his other writings , its profound influence on the Romantic poets illustrates the depth to which scientific ideas , which today might remain obscure , could swiftly penetrate literary and artistic thinking .
together with his other writings , its profound influence on the romantic poets illustrates the depth to which scientific ideas , which today might [stay] obscure , could swiftly penetrate literary and artistic thinking .

Central to his description of dreaming is the suspension of volition , `` and in respect to the mind , we never exercise our reason or recollection in dreams ; we may sometimes seem distracted between contending passions , but we never compare their objects , or deliberate about the acquisition of these objects … `` This observation , that we remain uncritical observers in dreaming , forms an important part of some recent theorizing about dreaming by the psychophysiologist Allan Rechtschaffen , who has described dreams as being `` isolated `` and even `` unimaginative `` in the sense that we can not imagine something else during the action of a dream .
central to his description of dreaming is the suspension of volition , `` and in respect to the mind , we never exercise our reason or recollection in dreams ; we may sometimes seem distracted between contending passions , but we never compare their objects , or deliberate about the acquisition of these objects … `` this observation , that we [stay] uncritical observers in dreaming , forms an important part of some recent theorizing about dreaming by the psychophysiologist allan rechtschaffen , who has described dreams as being `` isolated `` and even `` unimaginative `` in the sense that we can not imagine something else during the action of a dream .

Material presented to people during sleep is not remembered unless they are woken up by it , and remain awake for some time .
material presented to people during sleep is not remembered unless they are woken up by it , and [stay] awake for some time .

In these experiments subjects have invariably found it most difficult to remain awake in the hours between midnight and noon , with a revival every afternoon .
in these experiments subjects have invariably found it most difficult to [stay] awake in the hours between midnight and noon , with a revival every afternoon .

This attentional failure may be caused by a lowering of arousal level , which may be temporarily counteracted by the subject exerting special efforts to remain awake .
this attentional failure may be caused by a lowering of arousal level , which may be temporarily counteracted by the subject exerting special efforts to [stay] awake .

At the same time it is implied that when Re takes his eternal position in the sky , the power of his name will remain on earth , invested in the living Horus , the king .
at the same time it is implied that when re takes his eternal position in the sky , the power of his name will [stay] on earth , invested in the living horus , the king .

Tom Jones 's Welsh wife has always chosen to remain very much in the background during his successful and extrovert career .
tom jones 's welsh wife has always chosen to [stay] very much in the background during his successful and extrovert career .

embryos remain viable but blocked at the blastocyst stage during lactation ) .
embryos [stay] viable but blocked at the blastocyst stage during lactation ) .

Around the time of birth , oocytes enter the resting diplotene or dictyotene stage , where they remain until shortly before ovulation .
around the time of birth , oocytes enter the resting diplotene or dictyotene stage , where they [stay] until shortly before ovulation .

( iii ) Mechanically remove any follicular cells that remain attached to the eggs by pipetting them in and out of a narrow bore micropipette .
( iii ) mechanically remove any follicular cells that [stay] attached to the eggs by pipetting them in and out of a narrow bore micropipette .

As they work , roughs are pinned to the wall where they remain until the following day .
as they work , roughs are pinned to the wall where they [stay] until the following day .

Primary function is to get new business for his company , decide policy , see clients remain happy , and turn in good profits .
primary function is to get new business for his company , decide policy , see clients [stay] happy , and turn in good profits .

Advertising may well continue in much the same form as in the past and , therefore , careers in this field will remain more or less the same .
advertising may well continue in much the same form as in the past and , therefore , careers in this field will [stay] more or less the same .

Her routine never varied by a second and Honor thought it was probably the spell of freedom after luncheon which enabled her to remain sane .
her routine never varied by a second and honor thought it was probably the spell of freedom after luncheon which enabled her to [stay] sane .

If you remain , all he will ever see is you . ``
if you [stay] , all he will ever see is you . ``

It stated that any women then in composing rooms could remain there , but that no new recruits were to be taken on before 30 June 1916 .
it stated that any women then in composing rooms could [stay] there , but that no new recruits were to be taken on before 30 june 1916 .

Try to remain aware of the factors which may make a newly admitted patient anxious .
try to [stay] aware of the factors which may make a newly admitted patient anxious .

His bed was also within easy walking distance of the toilet and bathroom so that he could remain independent and active without being in danger of falling or of tiring himself excessively ( see also Chapters ) .
his bed was also within easy walking distance of the toilet and bathroom so that he could [stay] independent and active without being in danger of falling or of tiring himself excessively ( see also chapters ) .

The ward nurse may be asked to remain with the patient until fully anaesthetized .
the ward nurse may be asked to [stay] with the patient until fully anaesthetized .

In each case the overall aims of nursing remain the same .
in each case the overall aims of nursing [stay] the same .

Ask the patient to remain in bed , leave him to rest but keep under observation .
ask the patient to [stay] in bed , leave him to rest but keep under observation .

4 Patient accompanied to theatre by a familiar ward nurse who may remain with him until fully anaesthetized .
4 patient accompanied to theatre by a familiar ward nurse who may [stay] with him until fully anaesthetized .

One of the aims of Compact , however , is to encourage young people to remain in education so that they can acquire the skills and qualifications essential for participating in our increasingly complex society .
one of the aims of compact , however , is to encourage young people to [stay] in education so that they can acquire the skills and qualifications essential for participating in our increasingly complex society .

Those students who fail to achieve some or all of the Compact goals during the fourth and fifth years , but who remain in education , may take advantage of further opportunities to achieve Compact goals .
those students who fail to achieve some or all of the compact goals during the fourth and fifth years , but who [stay] in education , may take advantage of further opportunities to achieve compact goals .

In practical terms this means encouraging young people to remain in education or to seek further training before entering the job market .
in practical terms this means encouraging young people to [stay] in education or to seek further training before entering the job market .

Follow-up of these students shows that they tend to remain in nursing much longer that the younger applicants .
follow-up of these students shows that they tend to [stay] in nursing much longer that the younger applicants .

Job-sharing or flexible working may be an option which will enable the nurse to remain in employment .
job-sharing or flexible working may be an option which will enable the nurse to [stay] in employment .

It does provide a means of enabling nurses with small children or other dependents to remain in employment .
it does provide a means of enabling nurses with small children or other dependents to [stay] in employment .

The manager should match output from the education department with vacancies arising to determine the number of posts which will remain unfilled or the shortfall of posts against demand .
the manager should match output from the education department with vacancies arising to determine the number of posts which will [stay] unfilled or the shortfall of posts against demand .

Competition for employees will increase and clearly many major industries are preparing their plans to ensure that they remain competitive .
competition for employees will increase and clearly many major industries are preparing their plans to ensure that they [stay] competitive .

He wanted her to remain , to go on to Vivaldi and the Handel marches because her playing was good .
he wanted her to [stay] , to go on to vivaldi and the handel marches because her playing was good .

He or she may be teased by the other children and remain alienated from them into adulthood .
he or she may be teased by the other children and [stay] alienated from them into adulthood .

Telling them that yes , you were cross , but that you remain friends , will reassure them .
telling them that yes , you were cross , but that you [stay] friends , will reassure them .

Martial law , expected by many to continue at least until the Asian Games in September , has been formally ended both in Beijing and Lhasa , though the troops remain ( mid-May ) , the first anniversaries had passed without significant incident .
martial law , expected by many to continue at least until the asian games in september , has been formally ended both in beijing and lhasa , though the troops [stay] ( mid-may ) , the first anniversaries had passed without significant incident .

The bookshops continue to be well-stocked with thrillers , Kung Fu manuals and books about sexual relations , while their political shelves remain empty .
the bookshops continue to be well-stocked with thrillers , kung fu manuals and books about sexual relations , while their political shelves [stay] empty .

The real forces for change remain inside China .
the real forces for change [stay] inside china .

Messiaen began composing at the age of seven , entering the Paris Conservatoire four years later where he was to remain for the next 11 years , winning four premiers prix including that for composition in 1930 .
messiaen began composing at the age of seven , entering the paris conservatoire four years later where he was to [stay] for the next 11 years , winning four premiers prix including that for composition in 1930 .

Nagging doubts do remain , though , that the level of perception does occasionally produce a feeling of calculation .
nagging doubts do [stay] , though , that the level of perception does occasionally produce a feeling of calculation .

Eighteen years after their first issue , these Schoenberg performances by the London Sinfonietta remain hard to beat .
eighteen years after their first issue , these schoenberg performances by the london sinfonietta [stay] hard to beat .

Yet the reservations remain , albeit in the background .
yet the reservations [stay] , albeit in the background .

His Liszt Sonata challenges convention at every point and even the most sanguine listener will hardly remain indifferent to a single bar .
his liszt sonata challenges convention at every point and even the most sanguine listener will hardly [stay] indifferent to a single bar .

When one turns to Katsaris 's Mendelssohn piano concertos some of the same problems of self-conscious technical prowess remain , but one can not help responding to the sheer verve and impetus of the playing .
when one turns to katsaris 's mendelssohn piano concertos some of the same problems of self-conscious technical prowess [stay] , but one can not help responding to the sheer verve and impetus of the playing .

The alternative electrostatic headphones are by nature precision assemblies and , like electrostatic loudspeakers , remain firmly in the upper price bracket except where the simpler and less costly electret principle with a pre-charged diaphragm or backplate has been used .
the alternative electrostatic headphones are by nature precision assemblies and , like electrostatic loudspeakers , [stay] firmly in the upper price bracket except where the simpler and less costly electret principle with a pre-charged diaphragm or backplate has been used .

The decline in the birth-rate from the mid-1960s and the developing economic recession made many of these plans redundant , but the counties of Humberside and Avon remain .
the decline in the birth-rate from the mid-1960s and the developing economic recession made many of these plans redundant , but the counties of humberside and avon [stay] .

Some of these questions will recur in the discussion section at the end of this chapter , and in later chapters on both intergovernmental relations and the services provided regionally , but for the present we will remain with those services provided by local government in the United Kingdom .
some of these questions will recur in the discussion section at the end of this chapter , and in later chapters on both intergovernmental relations and the services provided regionally , but for the present we will [stay] with those services provided by local government in the united kingdom .

Some of these powers remain with individual authorities .
some of these powers [stay] with individual authorities .

The Act made several other changes in the hope of reducing the friction between counties and districts , but the difficulties remain — especially between the counties and the districts based on former county boroughs ( Alexander 1982a:55 — 7 ; 1982b:67 — 8 ) .
the act made several other changes in the hope of reducing the friction between counties and districts , but the difficulties [stay] — especially between the counties and the districts based on former county boroughs ( alexander 1982a:55 — 7 ; 1982b:67 — 8 ) .

The Widdicombe Committee recommended that such attendance should remain possible subject to two safeguards :
the widdicombe committee recommended that such attendance should [stay] possible subject to two safeguards :

They are well understood , cheap to collect and very difficult to evade … rates should remain for the foreseeable future the main source of local revenue for local government ’ ( DOE/Welsh Office 1983a : 14 ) .
they are well understood , cheap to collect and very difficult to evade … rates should [stay] for the foreseeable future the main source of local revenue for local government ’ ( doe/welsh office 1983a : 14 ) .

Will Charlie Haughey go or wo n't he ? Should he go or should n't he ? And if he does , when might he best be pushed ? Or will he know when to jump , to pass the baton , Carl Lewis-like , on so that Fianna Fáil remain ahead of the posse ?
will charlie haughey go or wo n't he ? should he go or should n't he ? and if he does , when might he best be pushed ? or will he know when to jump , to pass the baton , carl lewis-like , on so that fianna fáil [stay] ahead of the posse ?

She confesses to thinking more now about her social life , and marriage and children do n't seem quite so remote from her dreams but her temporal desires remain on the backburner still , sacrificed for a higher purpose : the music and anyone who attempts to dig for a Máire , a Sinéad , or a Mary Couglan should be arrested for indecency .
she confesses to thinking more now about her social life , and marriage and children do n't seem quite so remote from her dreams but her temporal desires [stay] on the backburner still , sacrificed for a higher purpose : the music and anyone who attempts to dig for a máire , a sinéad , or a mary couglan should be arrested for indecency .

And then there was the bitter break up with The Group who shall forever more remain nameless in Ryan-land , better known to us , perhaps , as blood relations of Enya 's .
and then there was the bitter break up with the group who shall forever more [stay] nameless in ryan-land , better known to us , perhaps , as blood relations of enya 's .

They know how to have a good time and try to make sure we do but they remain resolutely , ‘ pub-rockers ’ .
they know how to have a good time and try to make sure we do but they [stay] resolutely , ‘ pub-rockers ’ .

Members of the group will come to expect one another to conform to these patterns if they wish to remain members of it .
members of the group will come to expect one another to conform to these patterns if they wish to [stay] members of it .

As long as things remain the same , the privileged will automatically retain their privilege .
as long as things [stay] the same , the privileged will automatically retain their privilege .

The social position into which individuals are born here is the one in which , theoretically , they are bound to remain for the rest of their life .
the social position into which individuals are born here is the one in which , theoretically , they are bound to [stay] for the rest of their life .

Expansion of their wealth depended upon drawing serfs away from the land to labour in the towns ( thus serfs who could remain hidden within town walls for a year and a day gained freedom from the land ) and on undermining those aristocratic privileges , such as control over roads , which inhibited commercial activity .
expansion of their wealth depended upon drawing serfs away from the land to labour in the towns ( thus serfs who could [stay] hidden within town walls for a year and a day gained freedom from the land ) and on undermining those aristocratic privileges , such as control over roads , which inhibited commercial activity .

Substantial shareholdings remain in very few hands .
substantial shareholdings [stay] in very few hands .

On the other hand , class divisions in residence , education and job opportunities remain sufficiently distinct to favour marriage between partners of similar origin .
on the other hand , class divisions in residence , education and job opportunities [stay] sufficiently distinct to favour marriage between partners of similar origin .

In any society , as long as objective classes remain , there will be different opportunities and experiences available to different classes , and these will be sufficient to produce differing ideas and behaviour .
in any society , as long as objective classes [stay] , there will be different opportunities and experiences available to different classes , and these will be sufficient to produce differing ideas and behaviour .

This is still most emphatically true of contemporary societies , where the class structures are far from fully ‘ open ’ and hence where the degrees of structuration remain substantial .
this is still most emphatically true of contemporary societies , where the class structures are far from fully ‘ open ’ and hence where the degrees of structuration [stay] substantial .

In this context what do the simple ‘ upper ’ , ‘ middle ’ and ‘ working ’ class designations mean ? If unemployment continues to rise will there be any working class left ? What will de-industrialisation mean for other social groups ? Can there remain any public consensus on the social structure if divisions between the well-off and the poor widen ? With such questions in mind we can now look at the ‘ structuration ’ of each class in turn , starting with the upper class .
in this context what do the simple ‘ upper ’ , ‘ middle ’ and ‘ working ’ class designations mean ? if unemployment continues to rise will there be any working class left ? what will de-industrialisation mean for other social groups ? can there [stay] any public consensus on the social structure if divisions between the well-off and the poor widen ? with such questions in mind we can now look at the ‘ structuration ’ of each class in turn , starting with the upper class .

The social exclusivity of private education enables a distinct ‘ superior ’ culture to remain intact , and ensures that this world-view is displayed with the self-assurance and ‘ soundness ’ that is valued by those recruiting entrants to elite occupations ( the elite-educated spies Burgess and Maclean are notorious for having exploited this trust ) .
the social exclusivity of private education enables a distinct ‘ superior ’ culture to [stay] intact , and ensures that this world-view is displayed with the self-assurance and ‘ soundness ’ that is valued by those recruiting entrants to elite occupations ( the elite-educated spies burgess and maclean are notorious for having exploited this trust ) .

It seems likely that the British-based institutions will do their best to retain their old class character whilst co-opting new expert personnel and new methods of operation in order to remain competitive with the newcomers .
it seems likely that the british-based institutions will do their best to retain their old class character whilst co-opting new expert personnel and new methods of operation in order to [stay] competitive with the newcomers .

As wide a number of technical people as possible will be invited to state their views , so that by early August further adjustments can be made to eliminate those disadvantages that remain and to build in other desirable features that may be considered worthwhile .
as wide a number of technical people as possible will be invited to state their views , so that by early august further adjustments can be made to eliminate those disadvantages that [stay] and to build in other desirable features that may be considered worthwhile .

Her husband at once carne in and shook hands with my wife and myself , saying , ‘ Whatever happens , we remain friends .
her husband at once carne in and shook hands with my wife and myself , saying , ‘ whatever happens , we [stay] friends .

Given Rhee 's vindictiveness , it would be counter-productive for Hodge to remain .
given rhee 's vindictiveness , it would be counter-productive for hodge to [stay] .

Opinion in the Pentagon moved towards the belief that Japan was assuming more importance in global terms and that Japan must remain within the American sphere .
opinion in the pentagon moved towards the belief that japan was assuming more importance in global terms and that japan must [stay] within the american sphere .

MacArthur was confident that the creative work of the occupation would remain after Japan regained independence .
macarthur was confident that the creative work of the occupation would [stay] after japan regained independence .

remain in Japan even after the Peace Treaty , since the Japanese police were too few and their armament inadequate to maintain public order should the Communists attempt an offensive in Asia as they had already done in Europe .
[stay] in japan even after the peace treaty , since the japanese police were too few and their armament inadequate to maintain public order should the communists attempt an offensive in asia as they had already done in europe .

But some treasured possessions remain .
but some treasured possessions [stay] .

With a bridging loan you could choose your new , more expensive home and buy while prices remain comparatively low , then delay for some time before selling your first house .
with a bridging loan you could choose your new , more expensive home and buy while prices [stay] comparatively low , then delay for some time before selling your first house .

Likewise Guinness has established a substantial operation in Edinburgh to manage its distilled products , even though its headquarters remain in London .
likewise guinness has established a substantial operation in edinburgh to manage its distilled products , even though its headquarters [stay] in london .

Certainly , what they bring will in many cases remain .
certainly , what they bring will in many cases [stay] .

At the same time necessary , but expensive , investment on plant and equipment was lacking , and the firm 's ability to remain competitive was severely hampered .
at the same time necessary , but expensive , investment on plant and equipment was lacking , and the firm 's ability to [stay] competitive was severely hampered .

The tyre keeps spinning , the revs remain skyward as Doohan shifts up a gear with the rear end still well out of line .
the tyre keeps spinning , the revs [stay] skyward as doohan shifts up a gear with the rear end still well out of line .

Fertility could remain high and mortality continue to decline without population growth being stifled by a fall in wages and increases in the cost of subsistence .
fertility could [stay] high and mortality continue to decline without population growth being stifled by a fall in wages and increases in the cost of subsistence .

It is pre-eminently a ‘ crowd disease ’ ( Greenwood 1935 ) : fast moving , short-lived , needing a large population size to remain endemic .
it is pre-eminently a ‘ crowd disease ’ ( greenwood 1935 ) : fast moving , short-lived , needing a large population size to [stay] endemic .

Its nineteenth-century decline in mortality went straight down from a peak in the 1860s to oblivion in the mid-1950s , although notifications remain high to the present day .
its nineteenth-century decline in mortality went straight down from a peak in the 1860s to oblivion in the mid-1950s , although notifications [stay] high to the present day .

Only irrational ‘ props ’ to high fertility then remain ; religion , tradition , and ignorance .
only irrational ‘ props ’ to high fertility then [stay] ; religion , tradition , and ignorance .

Over 70 per cent of births still occur within marriage , so the popularity of marriage and its timing remain important in the study of subsequent fertility .
over 70 per cent of births still occur within marriage , so the popularity of marriage and its timing [stay] important in the study of subsequent fertility .

For many couples children clearly remain the first consideration .
for many couples children clearly [stay] the first consideration .

There remain some class differences in the proportion who take a more casual or a more planned approach to family building , and in the reliability of the methods which they use , and therefore in the proportion of unintended pregnancies .
there [stay] some class differences in the proportion who take a more casual or a more planned approach to family building , and in the reliability of the methods which they use , and therefore in the proportion of unintended pregnancies .

This means that although fewer remain childless in the end , more non-manual couples are still childless compared to manual workers even after ten years of marriage .
this means that although fewer [stay] childless in the end , more non-manual couples are still childless compared to manual workers even after ten years of marriage .

Some small-scale surveys suggest that some young girls do indeed become or remain pregnant with this in mind , but the impact at the national level is not known ( see Murphy 1989 ) .
some small-scale surveys suggest that some young girls do indeed become or [stay] pregnant with this in mind , but the impact at the national level is not known ( see murphy 1989 ) .

The importance of apathy and fatalism behind high fertility has been mentioned earlier , but in the absence of specific research , any connection between attitudes on council estates and fertility must remain speculative .
the importance of apathy and fatalism behind high fertility has been mentioned earlier , but in the absence of specific research , any connection between attitudes on council estates and fertility must [stay] speculative .

The people who created the Garotter 's Act , together with the gentlemen who egged them on from the sidelines helping to fashion the vocabulary of objections to penal reform which remain with us to this day , were thus the same men whose blunted moral sensibilities enabled them to preside over this magnanimous process of ‘ civilisation ’ without turning a hair .
the people who created the garotter 's act , together with the gentlemen who egged them on from the sidelines helping to fashion the vocabulary of objections to penal reform which [stay] with us to this day , were thus the same men whose blunted moral sensibilities enabled them to preside over this magnanimous process of ‘ civilisation ’ without turning a hair .

What the treaty did not do was to make the two kingdoms of France and England one ; they were to remain separate , each with its own legal and administrative identity .
what the treaty did not do was to make the two kingdoms of france and england one ; they were to [stay] separate , each with its own legal and administrative identity .

But the protective armour upon which a mounted knight and his horse , both very vulnerable in battle , depended did not remain undeveloped .
but the protective armour upon which a mounted knight and his horse , both very vulnerable in battle , depended did not [stay] undeveloped .

From this time he began to design landmark ready-to-wear collections for Chloé in Paris , but he was still , and would remain , a freelance designer .
from this time he began to design landmark ready-to-wear collections for chloé in paris , but he was still , and would [stay] , a freelance designer .

Thus , on a realist view , there are truths about the past which are distinct from all present evidence and may therefore remain unknown to us .
thus , on a realist view , there are truths about the past which are distinct from all present evidence and may therefore [stay] unknown to us .

The state was therefore , he argued , unlikely to remain the dominant unit of international society for the future .
the state was therefore , he argued , unlikely to [stay] the dominant unit of international society for the future .

The objections remain that we can not know of them and do not need to postulate them .
the objections [stay] that we can not know of them and do not need to postulate them .

Without adequacy on the level of meaning , our generalisations remain mere statements of statistical probability , either not intelligible at all or only imperfectly intelligible … .
without adequacy on the level of meaning , our generalisations [stay] mere statements of statistical probability , either not intelligible at all or only imperfectly intelligible … .

For instance , Irving Janis has developed an account of foreign policy-making which he termed ‘ Group-think ’ ; according to this account , members of a decision-making group may fail to voice their reservations over proposed courses of action in order to remain on good terms with the rest of the group .
for instance , irving janis has developed an account of foreign policy-making which he termed ‘ group-think ’ ; according to this account , members of a decision-making group may fail to voice their reservations over proposed courses of action in order to [stay] on good terms with the rest of the group .

They remain different ways , because the institutions of natural science involve the practice of giving causal explanations with the aid of models and statistics , whereas those of religion involve nothing of the sort .
they [stay] different ways , because the institutions of natural science involve the practice of giving causal explanations with the aid of models and statistics , whereas those of religion involve nothing of the sort .

What a man experiences in the privacy of his psyche must of necessity remain inviolate and inviolable .
what a man experiences in the privacy of his psyche must of necessity [stay] inviolate and inviolable .

And yet this conclusion , too , must , of necessity , remain tentative .
and yet this conclusion , too , must , of necessity , [stay] tentative .

Given this situation , one must perforce hypothesise , if one is not to remain mute .
given this situation , one must perforce hypothesise , if one is not to [stay] mute .

’ We quickly sought assurance that the aircraft would remain stationary long enough for us to get off .
’ we quickly sought assurance that the aircraft would [stay] stationary long enough for us to get off .

There has obviously been some attempt to alter and/or censor , but something of the truth can nevertheless be teased out of the fragments that remain .
there has obviously been some attempt to alter and/or censor , but something of the truth can nevertheless be teased out of the fragments that [stay] .

In the latter case , the prevalence of heroin use might also remain high if we continue to employ strategies ( e.g .
in the latter case , the prevalence of heroin use might also [stay] high if we continue to employ strategies ( e.g .

What is not and can not yet be clear , is whether this forecasted process will actually occur for the vast majority of Wirral users or whether a large endemic user population will remain in place for the foreseeable future .
what is not and can not yet be clear , is whether this forecasted process will actually occur for the vast majority of wirral users or whether a large endemic user population will [stay] in place for the foreseeable future .

These ingredients continue to work after the toothpaste is rinsed away , as they are able to cling to the teeth and gums and remain in the saliva for some time .
these ingredients continue to work after the toothpaste is rinsed away , as they are able to cling to the teeth and gums and [stay] in the saliva for some time .

Problems may still remain , but so also does a landscape and people that make a visit something to savour .
problems may still [stay] , but so also does a landscape and people that make a visit something to savour .

In England , obtaining extracts of public records would not be seen as a judicial act , and the phrase ‘ other judicial acts ’ seems to remain a source of puzzlement .
in england , obtaining extracts of public records would not be seen as a judicial act , and the phrase ‘ other judicial acts ’ seems to [stay] a source of puzzlement .

Though a number of the old houses remain , the street now consists mainly of shops and offices .
though a number of the old houses [stay] , the street now consists mainly of shops and offices .

The birth rate is notoriously difficult to predict as people remain very capricious in their decisions about when , and how many , children to have .
the birth rate is notoriously difficult to predict as people [stay] very capricious in their decisions about when , and how many , children to have .

Older people who remain active in the formal labour market will be in receipt of earnings from employment .
older people who [stay] active in the formal labour market will be in receipt of earnings from employment .

International comparative studies of the income levels of specific social groups such as the elderly remain rare because of the difficulties involved in making comparisons between societies with widely differing responses to the issue of income maintenance in later life .
international comparative studies of the income levels of specific social groups such as the elderly [stay] rare because of the difficulties involved in making comparisons between societies with widely differing responses to the issue of income maintenance in later life .

How long do older people remain in hospital ?
how long do older people [stay] in hospital ?

However , even if an age-related service is established for those older people with acute medical problems , older people will remain high consumers of services provided in surgery and other specialist areas of modern medicine .
however , even if an age-related service is established for those older people with acute medical problems , older people will [stay] high consumers of services provided in surgery and other specialist areas of modern medicine .

This puts any deep analysis out of the question and Rassendyll can remain the conventional , generalised preux chevalier which the story demands , dying with his honour intact but with his love unachieved .
this puts any deep analysis out of the question and rassendyll can [stay] the conventional , generalised preux chevalier which the story demands , dying with his honour intact but with his love unachieved .

Chandos , as narrator , describes the two who have agreed to remain loving friends with the luscious approval that ‘ suddenly faced with life in the midst of death , two natures so alike and so peerless should have comforted each other ’ ; they have in fact exchanged a kiss .
chandos , as narrator , describes the two who have agreed to [stay] loving friends with the luscious approval that ‘ suddenly faced with life in the midst of death , two natures so alike and so peerless should have comforted each other ’ ; they have in fact exchanged a kiss .

Yet their geographical characteristics follow the needs of the adventure-plots , with woodland for concealment , canals for transport , mountains where peasants remain loyal to exiled royalty , cities where intrigue is fomented ; the association with Anthony Hope 's Ruritania seems clear enough .
yet their geographical characteristics follow the needs of the adventure-plots , with woodland for concealment , canals for transport , mountains where peasants [stay] loyal to exiled royalty , cities where intrigue is fomented ; the association with anthony hope 's ruritania seems clear enough .

There are constants , all the same , and it is in tracing the way the attributes of adventurous children — their courage , their resourcefulness , their loyalty — change yet remain the same , that the traditions of the adventure story can be verified .
there are constants , all the same , and it is in tracing the way the attributes of adventurous children — their courage , their resourcefulness , their loyalty — change yet [stay] the same , that the traditions of the adventure story can be verified .

It was clean but the doubts remain .
it was clean but the doubts [stay] .

In one of her first school plays where she played a Dutch doll , Diana only agreed to take the part if she could remain silent .
in one of her first school plays where she played a dutch doll , diana only agreed to take the part if she could [stay] silent .

Where possible she would join Charles and remain by his side , silent , attentive but still terrified .
where possible she would join charles and [stay] by his side , silent , attentive but still terrified .

All the pews have been removed from inside but the font and the altar rail remain .
all the pews have been removed from inside but the font and the altar rail [stay] .

Though not working now , several of the working parts remain , not least the interesting water wheel which has an iron centre and rim but wooden spokes .
though not working now , several of the working parts [stay] , not least the interesting water wheel which has an iron centre and rim but wooden spokes .

Today only a few stones and mounds remain as evidence of its existence .
today only a few stones and mounds [stay] as evidence of its existence .

These ditches still remain .
these ditches still [stay] .

She clambered up into the car to take a closer look at them , careful though to remain at what she considered to be a safe distance .
she clambered up into the car to take a closer look at them , careful though to [stay] at what she considered to be a safe distance .

His stomach was churning but he knew he could elude her if only he could remain calm and call her bluff .
his stomach was churning but he knew he could elude her if only he could [stay] calm and call her bluff .

The train had already left Sion when the avalanche struck and with the possibility of further minor falls it had retreated to the sanctuary of the station where the passengers were told it would remain for the rest of the night .
the train had already left sion when the avalanche struck and with the possibility of further minor falls it had retreated to the sanctuary of the station where the passengers were told it would [stay] for the rest of the night .

The station restaurant had promised to remain open until midnight and the dining car would be open all night for light snacks and beverages , all courtesy of the company .
the station restaurant had promised to [stay] open until midnight and the dining car would be open all night for light snacks and beverages , all courtesy of the company .

These counter-attacks aside , there remain fundamental methodological differences in the two disciplines themselves .
these counter-attacks aside , there [stay] fundamental methodological differences in the two disciplines themselves .

While this much is clear , some questions remain .
while this much is clear , some questions [stay] .

The medieval character remains and the 12th century cloisters and church remain surprisingly intact .
the medieval character remains and the 12th century cloisters and church [stay] surprisingly intact .

Today their lovely parklands and orange trees remain , a medieval quarter adds charm and the modern seafront surrounds the glimmering bay .
today their lovely parklands and orange trees [stay] , a medieval quarter adds charm and the modern seafront surrounds the glimmering bay .

Its fantastic white sands and clear seas of deepest sapphire attract regular visitors , yet this region 's beaches remain remarkably uncrowded most of the time .
its fantastic white sands and clear seas of deepest sapphire attract regular visitors , yet this region 's beaches [stay] remarkably uncrowded most of the time .

This is an old-world hotel of character and charm where careful refurbishment has ensured past elegance and comfort remain .
this is an old-world hotel of character and charm where careful refurbishment has ensured past elegance and comfort [stay] .

Italy 's cities have been at the heart of world history , art and culture , and everywhere tributes remain to great masters like Leonardo Da Vinci .
italy 's cities have been at the heart of world history , art and culture , and everywhere tributes [stay] to great masters like leonardo da vinci .

Once a patrician villa , a small terrace in the gardens provides a lush , flower-bedecked retreat after a hectic day 's sightseeing and , within , marble pillars , frescoes and high , painted ceilings remain from former times in the public rooms .
once a patrician villa , a small terrace in the gardens provides a lush , flower-bedecked retreat after a hectic day 's sightseeing and , within , marble pillars , frescoes and high , painted ceilings [stay] from former times in the public rooms .

The ancient beams of the original building remain but these are fresh , modern apartments newly converted and offering spotless , well-furnished accommodation set on a square close to St Mark 's .
the ancient beams of the original building [stay] but these are fresh , modern apartments newly converted and offering spotless , well-furnished accommodation set on a square close to st mark 's .

Once a Doge 's palace , ornate stairways , gothic arches and balustrades remain .
once a doge 's palace , ornate stairways , gothic arches and balustrades [stay] .

Today it emerges from two years careful renovation , as a modern hotel where original wooden ceilings , vaults and archways , a 13th century fountain and frescoes remain .
today it emerges from two years careful renovation , as a modern hotel where original wooden ceilings , vaults and archways , a 13th century fountain and frescoes [stay] .

In the 14th century there were no less than 72 , today only 15 remain .
in the 14th century there were no less than 72 , today only 15 [stay] .

The warriors have long gone but the castles , churches and hill towns remain , set in hills which produce the Chianti wines .
the warriors have long gone but the castles , churches and hill towns [stay] , set in hills which produce the chianti wines .

Some encouraging laboratory and clinical studies suggest that pre-emptive analgesia does reduce pain after surgery , but the optimum choices of agents and timing required for a clinically useful effect remain to be established .
some encouraging laboratory and clinical studies suggest that pre-emptive analgesia does reduce pain after surgery , but the optimum choices of agents and timing required for a clinically useful effect [stay] to be established .

Some people from both the Libyan Jewish and Slovakian foci of inherited prion disease have been found to carry the mutation at codon 200 and yet remain unaffected at ages similar to or greater than the upper age at onset in most affected relatives.Such incomplete penetrance has not been reported in other types of inherited prion disease .
some people from both the libyan jewish and slovakian foci of inherited prion disease have been found to carry the mutation at codon 200 and yet [stay] unaffected at ages similar to or greater than the upper age at onset in most affected relatives.such incomplete penetrance has not been reported in other types of inherited prion disease .

Doctors have more control over the treatment received by their patients but remain largely unaccountable to the public and management .
doctors have more control over the treatment received by their patients but [stay] largely unaccountable to the public and management .

When consultants ask general practitioners to share the care — that is , to prescribe specialist products — they accept an obligation to inform : shared care protocols should explain the rationale of treatment , cost , side effects , and the aspects of care for which the hospital consultant will remain responsible .
when consultants ask general practitioners to share the care — that is , to prescribe specialist products — they accept an obligation to inform : shared care protocols should explain the rationale of treatment , cost , side effects , and the aspects of care for which the hospital consultant will [stay] responsible .

The family health services authority 's role of advising general practitioners , both on improving their prescribing and on how to ensure value for money , will remain and they will be required to show the effectiveness of their interventions .
the family health services authority 's role of advising general practitioners , both on improving their prescribing and on how to ensure value for money , will [stay] and they will be required to show the effectiveness of their interventions .

The polarisation of views , inherent in the structure of a dialogue , may oversimplify complex issues at the heart of the debate , but we hope that it highlights several important conflicts which remain unresolved .
the polarisation of views , inherent in the structure of a dialogue , may oversimplify complex issues at the heart of the debate , but we hope that it highlights several important conflicts which [stay] unresolved .

Interestingly , among women aged under 35 only 20 % wanted to see abortion remain illegal under all circumstances .
interestingly , among women aged under 35 only 20 % wanted to see abortion [stay] illegal under all circumstances .

As it is , only a few remain , but those that do impart a special sort of pleasure to those , like myself , lucky enough to have sampled their idiosyncrasies .
as it is , only a few [stay] , but those that do impart a special sort of pleasure to those , like myself , lucky enough to have sampled their idiosyncrasies .

However , as Lloyd ( 1984 ) shows in her tracing of changing ideas of reason , while ideas may change , their gender inflection may remain .
however , as lloyd ( 1984 ) shows in her tracing of changing ideas of reason , while ideas may change , their gender inflection may [stay] .

Daughters and wives , by contrast , are expected to remain , throughout their lives , in the family network .
daughters and wives , by contrast , are expected to [stay] , throughout their lives , in the family network .

Perhaps the best known version is Shakespeare 's seven ages of man which is a poetic statement of what had already been received wisdom for centuries and was to remain so for centuries to come .
perhaps the best known version is shakespeare 's seven ages of man which is a poetic statement of what had already been received wisdom for centuries and was to [stay] so for centuries to come .

Schopenhauer said that women remain big children all their lives ; it would be interesting to know what he thought children were like .
schopenhauer said that women [stay] big children all their lives ; it would be interesting to know what he thought children were like .

‘ Mediocrity seeks to endure by every means , ’ he said of these lions , and in a country where so much has disappeared the lions remain , unferocious , glum , like doped circus animals .
‘ mediocrity seeks to endure by every means , ’ he said of these lions , and in a country where so much has disappeared the lions [stay] , unferocious , glum , like doped circus animals .

The opportunity you really want to take is on the other side of that wall and it will remain there until you manage to puncture your own pomposity .
the opportunity you really want to take is on the other side of that wall and it will [stay] there until you manage to puncture your own pomposity .

Nevertheless the dollar was the principal reserve asset , and was likely to remain so for as long as the rest of the world accepted dollars and the monetary authorities of individual countries did not exert their option of exchanging dollars for gold .
nevertheless the dollar was the principal reserve asset , and was likely to [stay] so for as long as the rest of the world accepted dollars and the monetary authorities of individual countries did not exert their option of exchanging dollars for gold .

Instead they will prefer to remain liquid , and this will give rise to a speculative demand for money in preference to other forms of financial wealth .
instead they will prefer to [stay] liquid , and this will give rise to a speculative demand for money in preference to other forms of financial wealth .

Since the ‘ Keynesian ’ sees no reason to expect money incomes to be directly affected by the increase in the money supply , we can assume that the transactions and precautionary demands remain unchanged at first .
since the ‘ keynesian ’ sees no reason to expect money incomes to be directly affected by the increase in the money supply , we can assume that the transactions and precautionary demands [stay] unchanged at first .

‘ How can you spend seven years with someone and not remain friends ?
‘ how can you spend seven years with someone and not [stay] friends ?

So if they 're going to remain with their mother , you 're the one who 'll have to pack and go .
so if they 're going to [stay] with their mother , you 're the one who 'll have to pack and go .

He barks the order again , but the students , in their nervousness , remain a mixed group .
he barks the order again , but the students , in their nervousness , [stay] a mixed group .

‘ Provision would be made for over sixteen million phantom children in the families containing less than three children , while those in excess of that number , over 1¼ million in all in families containing more than three children would still remain unprovided for .
‘ provision would be made for over sixteen million phantom children in the families containing less than three children , while those in excess of that number , over 1¼ million in all in families containing more than three children would still [stay] unprovided for .

makes a vital contribution to the nation 's economy , but must remain an exception to the general principle that the way to keep key workers at their posts is by reward and incentive .
makes a vital contribution to the nation 's economy , but must [stay] an exception to the general principle that the way to keep key workers at their posts is by reward and incentive .

That work can be modified by raising the standards of damp insulation , changing the size of the garden or abandoning it altogether , and introducing running hot water and central heating , but it will remain repetitive , and almost always compulsory rather than voluntary .
that work can be modified by raising the standards of damp insulation , changing the size of the garden or abandoning it altogether , and introducing running hot water and central heating , but it will [stay] repetitive , and almost always compulsory rather than voluntary .

Orders which allow a wife to remain in occupation of the marital home until her youngest child leaves , in effect , put off her housing problems until middle age , when she is often without an income or sufficient capital to make continued owner-occupation a realistic alternative .
orders which allow a wife to [stay] in occupation of the marital home until her youngest child leaves , in effect , put off her housing problems until middle age , when she is often without an income or sufficient capital to make continued owner-occupation a realistic alternative .

In many ways these attitudes remain today .
in many ways these attitudes [stay] today .

As the Newsons ' researches on child-reading demonstrate ( Newson and Newson , 1968 , 1976 ) young female children are more likely to be encouraged by their parents to remain indoors , to talk to adults ( especially their mothers ) , to be unadventurous .
as the newsons ' researches on child-reading demonstrate ( newson and newson , 1968 , 1976 ) young female children are more likely to be encouraged by their parents to [stay] indoors , to talk to adults ( especially their mothers ) , to be unadventurous .

There were other problems which would remain because they were to a large extent independent of the problems caused by too restrictive a sexual morality .
there were other problems which would [stay] because they were to a large extent independent of the problems caused by too restrictive a sexual morality .

This assumption leads to the view that science simply replaces religious propositions with a different set of its own which always remain true .
this assumption leads to the view that science simply replaces religious propositions with a different set of its own which always [stay] true .

In the third phase , the scientific , men acknowledge their smallness and the necessities of nature , but some feelings of omnipotence remain , in the belief in the power of the human mind to conquer nature .
in the third phase , the scientific , men acknowledge their smallness and the necessities of nature , but some feelings of omnipotence [stay] , in the belief in the power of the human mind to conquer nature .

The emotions of others need not remain obscure and incomprehensible to the sociologist or anthropologist .
the emotions of others need not [stay] obscure and incomprehensible to the sociologist or anthropologist .

The problems to which this event gave rise still remain for later generations of human beings , handed down to later generations through myth , rituals , arts , philosophy and , above all , religions .
the problems to which this event gave rise still [stay] for later generations of human beings , handed down to later generations through myth , rituals , arts , philosophy and , above all , religions .

Or should it remain a neutral research instrument , and not become a Weltanschuung of an anti-religious kind ?
or should it [stay] a neutral research instrument , and not become a weltanschuung of an anti-religious kind ?

It is still there , and , periodically , repressed material returns to set problems for man which remain unresolved , left over from the first parricide .
it is still there , and , periodically , repressed material returns to set problems for man which [stay] unresolved , left over from the first parricide .

It is in the nature of sea cliffs to remain largely hidden from view until you are more or less in contact with them , but for much of this side of Stennis this is not the case , for the gully descends to a non-tidal terrace descending beneath the cliff .
it is in the nature of sea cliffs to [stay] largely hidden from view until you are more or less in contact with them , but for much of this side of stennis this is not the case , for the gully descends to a non-tidal terrace descending beneath the cliff .

The flowers remain curled tight , the trees demand confirmation before reaching out their leaves .
the flowers [stay] curled tight , the trees demand confirmation before reaching out their leaves .

Mountaineers , however , remain passionate about life , their appetite for experience and company sharpened by the hard work and discomfort of months away .
mountaineers , however , [stay] passionate about life , their appetite for experience and company sharpened by the hard work and discomfort of months away .

Although the exact stance of the owner ( Lord Egremont ) of Hodge Close remains somewhat imprecise , it now appears that Hodge itself will remain intact .
although the exact stance of the owner ( lord egremont ) of hodge close remains somewhat imprecise , it now appears that hodge itself will [stay] intact .

The Chancellor , Robert Baldock , was imprisoned and died soon after ; the Earl of Arundel , who was the younger Despenser 's brother-in-law and the only earl to remain loyal to the bitter end , was executed .
the chancellor , robert baldock , was imprisoned and died soon after ; the earl of arundel , who was the younger despenser 's brother-in-law and the only earl to [stay] loyal to the bitter end , was executed .

She says the real figures are probably ten-fold because many cases remain unreported .
she says the real figures are probably ten-fold because many cases [stay] unreported .

The government will remain reluctant to direct money to this cause .
the government will [stay] reluctant to direct money to this cause .

Thirty-four of the total of 40 buildings that were discovered remain to be explored .
thirty-four of the total of 40 buildings that were discovered [stay] to be explored .

At Great Dunmow Inspector Martin Reed said often people did not take enough care when leaving their cars , which could remain unlocked , or with keys in the ignition .
at great dunmow inspector martin reed said often people did not take enough care when leaving their cars , which could [stay] unlocked , or with keys in the ignition .

But , said Mr Cotgrave , he refused all suggestions that he should remain ‘ knowing very well that his shift was short-staffed .
but , said mr cotgrave , he refused all suggestions that he should [stay] ‘ knowing very well that his shift was short-staffed .

Motorists were urged to remain calm .
motorists were urged to [stay] calm .

Others , such as those around the Wash in eastern England , remain unproven .
others , such as those around the wash in eastern england , [stay] unproven .

To help prospective mineral operators the Cornish Chamber of Mines ( Appendix 2.2.3 ) has set up a voluntary register of known mineral rights ownership in parts of South-west England , but the problems of unknown title remain .
to help prospective mineral operators the cornish chamber of mines ( appendix 2.2.3 ) has set up a voluntary register of known mineral rights ownership in parts of south-west england , but the problems of unknown title [stay] .

Spurs remain in turmoil as Venables loses ally
spurs [stay] in turmoil as venables loses ally

But that is everything — the residents of the neighbouring blocks remain tenants , and they are n't allowed to build fences or gardens .
but that is everything — the residents of the neighbouring blocks [stay] tenants , and they are n't allowed to build fences or gardens .

It is only because miners sweat their guts out that superior persons can remain superior .
it is only because miners sweat their guts out that superior persons can [stay] superior .

The Inshore Lifeboat will continue to operate from Dunbar and crew gear , assembly , training etc will remain there .
the inshore lifeboat will continue to operate from dunbar and crew gear , assembly , training etc will [stay] there .

Step 2 If you remain dissatisfied , ask to speak to the manager at your local General Accident office .
step 2 if you [stay] dissatisfied , ask to speak to the manager at your local general accident office .

Step 2 If you remain dissatisfied , ask to speak to the manager at your local General Accident office .
step 2 if you [stay] dissatisfied , ask to speak to the manager at your local general accident office .

Step 2 If you remain dissatisfied , ask to speak to the manager at your local General Accident office .
step 2 if you [stay] dissatisfied , ask to speak to the manager at your local general accident office .

Step 2 If you remain dissatisfied , ask to speak to the manager at your local General Accident office .
step 2 if you [stay] dissatisfied , ask to speak to the manager at your local general accident office .

Step 2 If you remain dissatisfied , ask to speak to the manager at your local General Accident office .
step 2 if you [stay] dissatisfied , ask to speak to the manager at your local general accident office .

Step 2 If you remain dissatisfied , ask to speak to the manager at your local General Accident office .
step 2 if you [stay] dissatisfied , ask to speak to the manager at your local general accident office .

Step 2 If you remain dissatisfied , ask to speak to the manager at your , local General Accident office .
step 2 if you [stay] dissatisfied , ask to speak to the manager at your , local general accident office .

Step 2 If you remain dissatisfied , ask to speak to the manager at your local General Accident office .
step 2 if you [stay] dissatisfied , ask to speak to the manager at your local general accident office .

The legislation necessary to effect the transfer to the Trustees of the titles of properties occupied solely by the Library has not yet been enacted , and questions still remain unresolved relating to the definition of the boundaries of properties .
the legislation necessary to effect the transfer to the trustees of the titles of properties occupied solely by the library has not yet been enacted , and questions still [stay] unresolved relating to the definition of the boundaries of properties .

Ian soon learned how to dodge the flying hooves of Boy and remain in control of his bike , but what he had n't expected was the clinging weight and depth of wet Wadhurst clay — somersaulting with a squelch into one of the deepest bogs which appeared regularly between the level stretches of good galloping ground where both could make good speed .
ian soon learned how to dodge the flying hooves of boy and [stay] in control of his bike , but what he had n't expected was the clinging weight and depth of wet wadhurst clay — somersaulting with a squelch into one of the deepest bogs which appeared regularly between the level stretches of good galloping ground where both could make good speed .

‘ The question paper format remains unchanged : 5 answers will be required from 10 questions offered , and the first question will remain compulsory .
‘ the question paper format remains unchanged : 5 answers will be required from 10 questions offered , and the first question will [stay] compulsory .

Today , production is down to 50,000 barrels a day , but the infrastructure and workers ' expectations of former days remain , says Andy Hopwood , Tampico Project manager .
today , production is down to 50,000 barrels a day , but the infrastructure and workers ' expectations of former days [stay] , says andy hopwood , tampico project manager .

‘ The day shift mechanical structure will remain unaltered for the time being because of current workload commitments .
‘ the day shift mechanical structure will [stay] unaltered for the time being because of current workload commitments .

The two directors of the company David Phillpot and Barry Fitzgerald remain with the business as executive controllers , and they both report to general manager Peter Lloyd .
the two directors of the company david phillpot and barry fitzgerald [stay] with the business as executive controllers , and they both report to general manager peter lloyd .

Our client , who prefers to remain anonymous , is considering incorporating cruises into his contract .
our client , who prefers to [stay] anonymous , is considering incorporating cruises into his contract .

All personal details are treated as strictly confidential and remain on computer file .
all personal details are treated as strictly confidential and [stay] on computer file .

The wide applications of Mouse Alert have already been seen by a variety of customers , whose needs range from protecting high technology equipment , ensuring that perishable foods leave premises uncontaminated , and knowing that pharmaceutical products remain sterile .
the wide applications of mouse alert have already been seen by a variety of customers , whose needs range from protecting high technology equipment , ensuring that perishable foods leave premises uncontaminated , and knowing that pharmaceutical products [stay] sterile .

Perhaps even more valuable are those servicemen and servicewomen who are sufficiently secure , motivated , well paid and content to remain in the same job for fifteen , twenty or thirty years , providing a continuity of local knowledge that is invaluable to those who come to rely upon them .
perhaps even more valuable are those servicemen and servicewomen who are sufficiently secure , motivated , well paid and content to [stay] in the same job for fifteen , twenty or thirty years , providing a continuity of local knowledge that is invaluable to those who come to rely upon them .

such an offer made in a letter or over the telephone could still remain ‘ without prejudice ’ and would not be admissible in evidence .
such an offer made in a letter or over the telephone could still [stay] ‘ without prejudice ’ and would not be admissible in evidence .

If parties remain in dispute as to whether the risk exists , then settlement of the action is , in our opinion , impossible .
if parties [stay] in dispute as to whether the risk exists , then settlement of the action is , in our opinion , impossible .

‘ While the remedial action we have taken in all our major territories is proving effective , the need to contain costs and to underwrite selectively will remain the basis on which we will continue to develop our business worldwide ’ .
‘ while the remedial action we have taken in all our major territories is proving effective , the need to contain costs and to underwrite selectively will [stay] the basis on which we will continue to develop our business worldwide ’ .

The Pacific has also produced an excellent performance , but conditions in Europe remain very competitive and real progress is difficult to sustain .
the pacific has also produced an excellent performance , but conditions in europe [stay] very competitive and real progress is difficult to sustain .

In the event of any clause or conditions set out in this appointment being declared invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction then all other clauses or terms remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected thereby .
in the event of any clause or conditions set out in this appointment being declared invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction then all other clauses or terms [stay] in full force and effect and shall not be affected thereby .

In a Europe without internal customs barriers , the long-standing common market of the British Isles will necessarily remain in place whatever constitutional settlement we adopt here .
in a europe without internal customs barriers , the long-standing common market of the british isles will necessarily [stay] in place whatever constitutional settlement we adopt here .

Yet at the same time they welcomed the way the study mapped out areas on concern , in relation to the respective responsibilities of company directors executive and non-executive , auditors and shareholders , much of which remain unaddressed even after the Cadbury report .
yet at the same time they welcomed the way the study mapped out areas on concern , in relation to the respective responsibilities of company directors executive and non-executive , auditors and shareholders , much of which [stay] unaddressed even after the cadbury report .

Pure retail business involving small shareholders would remain outside the system for the foreseeable future .
pure retail business involving small shareholders would [stay] outside the system for the foreseeable future .

But the experience and achievements being gained there could also have far-reaching impact on the sort of work that will remain inside an organisation 's premises .
but the experience and achievements being gained there could also have far-reaching impact on the sort of work that will [stay] inside an organisation 's premises .

The Army may be seeing a smaller throughput of students , but its four core course levels remain and , ironically , new courses are constantly being introduced to meet changing needs .
the army may be seeing a smaller throughput of students , but its four core course levels [stay] and , ironically , new courses are constantly being introduced to meet changing needs .

In the present marketplace , with many hotels in receivership and many others unable to find buyers , prices remain severely depressed throughout the country .
in the present marketplace , with many hotels in receivership and many others unable to find buyers , prices [stay] severely depressed throughout the country .

Germany and France remain Scotland 's dominant export markets but the Netherlands continues to show significant growth .
germany and france [stay] scotland 's dominant export markets but the netherlands continues to show significant growth .

Whisky and Computers remain Scotland 's most important export products .
whisky and computers [stay] scotland 's most important export products .

Pressure on staff resources also continues to increase , and the goal posts remain as elusive as ever .
pressure on staff resources also continues to increase , and the goal posts [stay] as elusive as ever .

Undergraduate and postgraduate student numbers remain steady .
undergraduate and postgraduate student numbers [stay] steady .

Finding the work ‘ quite fun ’ , from then on his commercial career was set to remain in the media industry , moving in 1980 to be director of Pearson 's information and entertainment division then , in 1984 , becoming managing director of Virgin group where , operationally , he was responsible for the record , video , entertainment and retail businesses ( including the group 's Megastores ) .
finding the work ‘ quite fun ’ , from then on his commercial career was set to [stay] in the media industry , moving in 1980 to be director of pearson 's information and entertainment division then , in 1984 , becoming managing director of virgin group where , operationally , he was responsible for the record , video , entertainment and retail businesses ( including the group 's megastores ) .

This is because the mutual structure of the with-profits fund will remain and the investment returns on this fund will be for the sole benefit of the policyholders with a stake in this fund .
this is because the mutual structure of the with-profits fund will [stay] and the investment returns on this fund will be for the sole benefit of the policyholders with a stake in this fund .

The smaller comprises 100,000 holders of ‘ traditional ’ with-profits policies which are invested totally in the participating fund ( none of which have been sold for about six years ) will be totally ring fenced , and both the investment profits and the ‘ infrastructure ’ profits — that is , the profits on the policy management — will remain the property of these policyholders .
the smaller comprises 100,000 holders of ‘ traditional ’ with-profits policies which are invested totally in the participating fund ( none of which have been sold for about six years ) will be totally ring fenced , and both the investment profits and the ‘ infrastructure ’ profits — that is , the profits on the policy management — will [stay] the property of these policyholders .

The policyholders ' rights enshrined in the voting trust will remain intact until Aegon increases its take in the plc to the 80 per cent mark .
the policyholders ' rights enshrined in the voting trust will [stay] intact until aegon increases its take in the plc to the 80 per cent mark .

It is also important not to remain tied to the investment made in an old system .
it is also important not to [stay] tied to the investment made in an old system .

If you are the subject of aggressive or abusive behaviour , or you feel you are being treated unfairly , you should remain calm and not respond to provocation .
if you are the subject of aggressive or abusive behaviour , or you feel you are being treated unfairly , you should [stay] calm and not respond to provocation .

With effective teaching , they are able to achieve the attainment outcomes of listening , speaking and reading , and they remain well-motivated when the materials and methods used meet their learning needs .
with effective teaching , they are able to achieve the attainment outcomes of listening , speaking and reading , and they [stay] well-motivated when the materials and methods used meet their learning needs .

Boundaries Thanks to Councillor Fraser and the many residents who wrote letters of objections to the proposed boundary changes stretches of Lanark Road [ North ] , two houses in Wester Hailes Road , Muirend Avenue and Viewfield will remain within the Balerno/Baberton ward .
boundaries thanks to councillor fraser and the many residents who wrote letters of objections to the proposed boundary changes stretches of lanark road [ north ] , two houses in wester hailes road , muirend avenue and viewfield will [stay] within the balerno/baberton ward .

As an association we would prefer that no new stadium should be erected but that Hearts should remain at Tynecastle .
as an association we would prefer that no new stadium should be erected but that hearts should [stay] at tynecastle .

Remain anonymous — surely ‘ be ’ anonymous since nothing prior written in ! ?
[stay] anonymous — surely ‘ be ’ anonymous since nothing prior written in ! ?

The hope is that the courts will remain and perhaps be upgraded , though this could be a lengthy process .
the hope is that the courts will [stay] and perhaps be upgraded , though this could be a lengthy process .

Certain elements , however , normally remain constant .
certain elements , however , normally [stay] constant .

You will be required to embark upon a course of study , in order to obtain the qualification the Diploma in Trading Standards , within a maximum of 5 years , on the successful completion of which you are required to remain with the Lothian Regional Council for a period of not less than 2 years .
you will be required to embark upon a course of study , in order to obtain the qualification the diploma in trading standards , within a maximum of 5 years , on the successful completion of which you are required to [stay] with the lothian regional council for a period of not less than 2 years .

You will appreciate that we remain with little land of non-strategic value on the Council 's account .
you will appreciate that we [stay] with little land of non-strategic value on the council 's account .

reaffirmed the high landscape value of the appeal site and its determination that it should remain in the Green Belt .
reaffirmed the high landscape value of the appeal site and its determination that it should [stay] in the green belt .

On this basis with 500 berths the additional number of yachts out would be 14–16 , and not all would remain in the Estuary .
on this basis with 500 berths the additional number of yachts out would be 14–16 , and not all would [stay] in the estuary .

These have the great advantage from the perspective of disabled passengers that models less than four years old can accommodate around 90 % of wheelchair users who wish to remain in their wheelchairs while travelling .
these have the great advantage from the perspective of disabled passengers that models less than four years old can accommodate around 90 % of wheelchair users who wish to [stay] in their wheelchairs while travelling .

It is agreed , therefore , that departments will remain open during the festive period but that , subject to the criteria set out in ( a ) to ( d ) inclusive above , a number of workplaces could be closed with a view to reducing property costs and improving the efficiency of staff working time .
it is agreed , therefore , that departments will [stay] open during the festive period but that , subject to the criteria set out in ( a ) to ( d ) inclusive above , a number of workplaces could be closed with a view to reducing property costs and improving the efficiency of staff working time .

All staff will require to wear their identity card within a holder , which would facilitate the use of the card for flexitime purposes , although cards for these purposes could remain separate if required .
all staff will require to wear their identity card within a holder , which would facilitate the use of the card for flexitime purposes , although cards for these purposes could [stay] separate if required .

There remain 4 Clerical Assistants within the Collection Section whose job descriptions have to be revised and evaluated , the results of this exercise will be reported to a future Finance Committee .
there [stay] 4 clerical assistants within the collection section whose job descriptions have to be revised and evaluated , the results of this exercise will be reported to a future finance committee .

The lines remain constant almost as if in defiance at the narrowing down of life in the actual theme or to provide a strong medium for the subject of the weakness of old age .
the lines [stay] constant almost as if in defiance at the narrowing down of life in the actual theme or to provide a strong medium for the subject of the weakness of old age .

’ The poem is rich in language , vivid in imagery , mysterious and enchanting in its overall effect and uses to its best advantage various language features to evoke an atmosphere of grandeur and magnificence conveying the author 's passion for something which would otherwise remain a mere vehicle to the reader .
’ the poem is rich in language , vivid in imagery , mysterious and enchanting in its overall effect and uses to its best advantage various language features to evoke an atmosphere of grandeur and magnificence conveying the author 's passion for something which would otherwise [stay] a mere vehicle to the reader .

By their very characters father and daughter must fight , just as all the people in a family do not converge into a mythical single unit but remain a set of conflicting personalities .
by their very characters father and daughter must fight , just as all the people in a family do not converge into a mythical single unit but [stay] a set of conflicting personalities .

Cavity treatment should be delayed for as long as possible to allow the injected solution to remain in contact with blood and other body fluids and care to avoid spillage should be exercised when carrying out drainage .
cavity treatment should be delayed for as long as possible to allow the injected solution to [stay] in contact with blood and other body fluids and care to avoid spillage should be exercised when carrying out drainage .

Divisional Grant should remain at 230 , but the extra payment option in case of need be increased from 75 to 100 .
divisional grant should [stay] at 230 , but the extra payment option in case of need be increased from 75 to 100 .

Subsistence should remain at 11.50 per day , as this had been increased ahead of inflation in recent years .
subsistence should [stay] at 11.50 per day , as this had been increased ahead of inflation in recent years .

However , this does not mean that they will become invalid — they will remain as evidence of achievement in their own right .
however , this does not mean that they will become invalid — they will [stay] as evidence of achievement in their own right .

Tallis resolved to remain for a while , but turned her gaze away .
tallis resolved to [stay] for a while , but turned her gaze away .

Carlson wondered if Kopyion knew which side he was on , and was trying to remain neutral in the conflict .
carlson wondered if kopyion knew which side he was on , and was trying to [stay] neutral in the conflict .

They had also seen migratory birds in the sky directly above the paralysis , suddenly stop and remain suspended in the air .
they had also seen migratory birds in the sky directly above the paralysis , suddenly stop and [stay] suspended in the air .

Thomas said that he was going and if she wished to remain behind , then that was up to her .
thomas said that he was going and if she wished to [stay] behind , then that was up to her .

‘ Hauptsturmführer Vaughan will remain and test-fly the plane now and as much as he wants for the rest of the day .
‘ hauptsturmführer vaughan will [stay] and test-fly the plane now and as much as he wants for the rest of the day .

There was hardly room for the two of them , let alone for Georgiades , who followed them in but had to remain stuck in the doorway .
there was hardly room for the two of them , let alone for georgiades , who followed them in but had to [stay] stuck in the doorway .

Too strong-willed and forceful to remain easily in any slot into which a male-oriented Moslem society might force her , regarding marriage , certainly to a Moslem , as the ultimate form of prison , conducting life as a ceaseless battle for Home Rule and Independence , she sometimes found things too much for her and plunged into pits of despair , from which she would spring out again almost immediately with a soar and a vehemence which left Owen dazzled .
too strong-willed and forceful to [stay] easily in any slot into which a male-oriented moslem society might force her , regarding marriage , certainly to a moslem , as the ultimate form of prison , conducting life as a ceaseless battle for home rule and independence , she sometimes found things too much for her and plunged into pits of despair , from which she would spring out again almost immediately with a soar and a vehemence which left owen dazzled .

There was a struggle for the polytechnics to define , in private and in public , what the characteristics of the polytechnics were and should remain .
there was a struggle for the polytechnics to define , in private and in public , what the characteristics of the polytechnics were and should [stay] .

He too must drive off rivals once his older patron is gone if he is to remain in possession of his inherited females . )
he too must drive off rivals once his older patron is gone if he is to [stay] in possession of his inherited females . )

As long as boys remain sexually immature they are of no real significance as far as the primal , sexually motivated conflict between sons and fathers is concerned .
as long as boys [stay] sexually immature they are of no real significance as far as the primal , sexually motivated conflict between sons and fathers is concerned .

Because the Australian aborigines still exist at the hunter-gatherer level of culture they have no need for a weaning trauma in early childhood as is found among all primitive agriculturalists , and consequently children , although experiencing a period of oral dependency as they do in the West , linger in that stage , do not have to give it up and , in a sense , remain unweaned until adulthood — or , certainly until initiation , which is essentially the same thing .
because the australian aborigines still exist at the hunter-gatherer level of culture they have no need for a weaning trauma in early childhood as is found among all primitive agriculturalists , and consequently children , although experiencing a period of oral dependency as they do in the west , linger in that stage , do not have to give it up and , in a sense , [stay] unweaned until adulthood — or , certainly until initiation , which is essentially the same thing .

We have already seen that failure satisfactorily to surmount the Oedipus complex results in pre-Oedipal fixations , notably at the anal and oral stages , and it may be here that we can find the primitive , rudimentary superego elements which can , and indeed must , remain when the mature superego does not develop .
we have already seen that failure satisfactorily to surmount the oedipus complex results in pre-oedipal fixations , notably at the anal and oral stages , and it may be here that we can find the primitive , rudimentary superego elements which can , and indeed must , [stay] when the mature superego does not develop .

We have already encountered an archetypal example of this in the Neolithic mother-goddess cult , and it may be that today , over-indulged children , not fully weaned because of permissive fashions in modern childrearing , and encouraged throughout their childhood and adolescence to remain dependent on parents who have been afraid to deny them anything , experience a similar hankering after the unobtainable but mouth-watering mother-as-breast .
we have already encountered an archetypal example of this in the neolithic mother-goddess cult , and it may be that today , over-indulged children , not fully weaned because of permissive fashions in modern childrearing , and encouraged throughout their childhood and adolescence to [stay] dependent on parents who have been afraid to deny them anything , experience a similar hankering after the unobtainable but mouth-watering mother-as-breast .

While the unweaned child must remain preoccupied by the absence of the breast and his hunger for it , the successfully weaned individual is free to turn his attention to other means of satisfying his hunter , and will probably find that , as in the instructive case of agriculture , a judicious control of his appetite results in the long run in a lessened likelihood of hunger .
while the unweaned child must [stay] preoccupied by the absence of the breast and his hunger for it , the successfully weaned individual is free to turn his attention to other means of satisfying his hunter , and will probably find that , as in the instructive case of agriculture , a judicious control of his appetite results in the long run in a lessened likelihood of hunger .

During a period in which jobs for some specialists are difficult to find , opportunities for trained statisticians remain good .
during a period in which jobs for some specialists are difficult to find , opportunities for trained statisticians [stay] good .

Each cohort of students will be admitted to only one institution and will normally remain registered with that institution until graduation .
each cohort of students will be admitted to only one institution and will normally [stay] registered with that institution until graduation .

Despite the fact that he was powerless to influence events in any way , Zen felt bound to remain on watch , like the captain of a ship .
despite the fact that he was powerless to influence events in any way , zen felt bound to [stay] on watch , like the captain of a ship .

‘ Certainly not ! Dottor Bartocci is and will remain in charge of the investigation into the kidnapping of Ruggiero Miletti . ’
‘ certainly not ! dottor bartocci is and will [stay] in charge of the investigation into the kidnapping of ruggiero miletti . ’

What had passed through his mind in the baggage-room at Royalbion House would remain his own personal secret .
what had passed through his mind in the baggage-room at royalbion house would [stay] his own personal secret .

It had been agreed that Richie would remain in the area of the clubhouse , the Tented Village and the grandstands round the 18th green .
it had been agreed that richie would [stay] in the area of the clubhouse , the tented village and the grandstands round the 18th green .

For all these reasons the inner workings of the bureaucracy remain hidden from view .
for all these reasons the inner workings of the bureaucracy [stay] hidden from view .

Interest groups articulate the demands of sectional groups in society , and public policy responds to these pressures to the virtual exclusion of elected assemblies ( though traditional principles of representation may remain operative at sub-national levels and for purposes of legitimation ) .
interest groups articulate the demands of sectional groups in society , and public policy responds to these pressures to the virtual exclusion of elected assemblies ( though traditional principles of representation may [stay] operative at sub-national levels and for purposes of legitimation ) .

Technical personnel would , however , remain .
technical personnel would , however , [stay] .

And although elite mobility is likely to decline , ‘ there is reason to believe that access to positions in the political elite will remain less restricted in character than is typically the case in the capitalist societies ’ ( Giddens 1981 , p. 242 ) .
and although elite mobility is likely to decline , ‘ there is reason to believe that access to positions in the political elite will [stay] less restricted in character than is typically the case in the capitalist societies ’ ( giddens 1981 , p. 242 ) .

It was just like Tracey to take unfair advantage of her attempts to remain on friendly terms with him .
it was just like tracey to take unfair advantage of her attempts to [stay] on friendly terms with him .

These theories of development and their implicit or explicit approaches to the analysis of the global system all remain quite controversial , each with its own adherents and detractors , and each guiding substantive research in a variety of problem areas .
these theories of development and their implicit or explicit approaches to the analysis of the global system all [stay] quite controversial , each with its own adherents and detractors , and each guiding substantive research in a variety of problem areas .

To consume , therefore , is to be fully alive , and to remain fully alive we must continuously consume .
to consume , therefore , is to be fully alive , and to [stay] fully alive we must continuously consume .

However , these optimistic hopes , while not entirely misconceived , appear to have ignored the many formidable traditional obstacles to the emancipation of women that still remain in most Third World societies , as well as new obstacles created by the so-called ‘ modernization ’ processes themselves .
however , these optimistic hopes , while not entirely misconceived , appear to have ignored the many formidable traditional obstacles to the emancipation of women that still [stay] in most third world societies , as well as new obstacles created by the so-called ‘ modernization ’ processes themselves .

Patients were also instructd to eat at 1 pm and 8 pm and to remain upright during the day and to be supine from 10 pm to 8 am .
patients were also instructd to eat at 1 pm and 8 pm and to [stay] upright during the day and to be supine from 10 pm to 8 am .

Even after extensive investigation the cause may remain elusive .
even after extensive investigation the cause may [stay] elusive .

Antigliadin antibody-IgG may in fact remain high for years after starting the treatment , due to the ‘ immunological ’ memory .
antigliadin antibody-igg may in fact [stay] high for years after starting the treatment , due to the ‘ immunological ’ memory .

Such measures are required urgently in Africa , where the prevalence and complications of sexually transmitted diseases ( STDs ) remain disturbingly high .
such measures are required urgently in africa , where the prevalence and complications of sexually transmitted diseases ( stds ) [stay] disturbingly high .

The other potential problem was what would happen to Gloucester 's authority after the young king 's coronation , but even this seems to have been settled to the duke 's advantage and John Russell , in his draft speech for the opening of parliament , assumed that Gloucester would remain in overall control — although he clearly also felt that this was a departure from precedent which needed to be justified .
the other potential problem was what would happen to gloucester 's authority after the young king 's coronation , but even this seems to have been settled to the duke 's advantage and john russell , in his draft speech for the opening of parliament , assumed that gloucester would [stay] in overall control — although he clearly also felt that this was a departure from precedent which needed to be justified .

The date by which that choice had been made can be defined fairly precisely , although the motives behind the decision remain obscure .
the date by which that choice had been made can be defined fairly precisely , although the motives behind the decision [stay] obscure .

As long as the Woodvilles were identified with the crown this distinction was unimportant , but if the two interests split , as they did in 1483 , the loyalties of such men would tend to remain with the crown .
as long as the woodvilles were identified with the crown this distinction was unimportant , but if the two interests split , as they did in 1483 , the loyalties of such men would tend to [stay] with the crown .

Percutaneous cholecystolithotomy is a safe , non-operative treatment for symptomatic gall stones and enabled the patient to fully recover within two to three weeks ; it has a definite role in the management of the elderly and high risk patient but its use for the treatment of ther groups is likely to remain controversial .
percutaneous cholecystolithotomy is a safe , non-operative treatment for symptomatic gall stones and enabled the patient to fully recover within two to three weeks ; it has a definite role in the management of the elderly and high risk patient but its use for the treatment of ther groups is likely to [stay] controversial .

For the six hours after the test meal , the subjects were instructed to remain quiet .
for the six hours after the test meal , the subjects were instructed to [stay] quiet .

The stomach is exposed to dietary hazards and potential carcinogens throughout life , but the origins of gastric carcinoma within normal mucosa remain unknown .
the stomach is exposed to dietary hazards and potential carcinogens throughout life , but the origins of gastric carcinoma within normal mucosa [stay] unknown .

Despite the application of exfoliative bile and brush cytology , some 20–30 % of patients with malignant biliary strictures will remain undiagnosed either because of a lack of cell exfoliation from the tumour or because the tumour is producing extrinsic compression on the biliary tree and has not affected the biliary epithelium .
despite the application of exfoliative bile and brush cytology , some 20–30 % of patients with malignant biliary strictures will [stay] undiagnosed either because of a lack of cell exfoliation from the tumour or because the tumour is producing extrinsic compression on the biliary tree and has not affected the biliary epithelium .

Twenty five remain well , a mean of 2.5 years ( range 2–10 ) after default .
twenty five [stay] well , a mean of 2.5 years ( range 2–10 ) after default .

In this regard the functional stem cells remain in a relatively superficial position in the epithelium making them far more accessible to refluxed chemical mutagens permeating through the thin upper layers than their counterparts in the flat basal layer .
in this regard the functional stem cells [stay] in a relatively superficial position in the epithelium making them far more accessible to refluxed chemical mutagens permeating through the thin upper layers than their counterparts in the flat basal layer .

The effects of cigarette smoking and parity on the development of symptomatic gall bladder disease remain controversial .
the effects of cigarette smoking and parity on the development of symptomatic gall bladder disease [stay] controversial .

Only two tiers of the wall arcade remain showing the use of the Doric Order below and the Ionic above .
only two tiers of the wall arcade [stay] showing the use of the doric order below and the ionic above .

Several such arches were in the Forum Romanum and two remain , those of Titus and of Septimius Severus , while nearby , outside the Colosseum , is the Arch of Constantine .
several such arches were in the forum romanum and two [stay] , those of titus and of septimius severus , while nearby , outside the colosseum , is the arch of constantine .

Only a few capitals and a little of the marble panelling and mosaic remain of the original decoration .
only a few capitals and a little of the marble panelling and mosaic [stay] of the original decoration .

The monastery buildings here are in a beautiful mountain setting between Levadia and Delphi where peace and solitude still remain , tourists apart .
the monastery buildings here are in a beautiful mountain setting between levadia and delphi where peace and solitude still [stay] , tourists apart .

Originally , in the fourteenth century , there were 30 monasteries , now , only five or six remain .
originally , in the fourteenth century , there were 30 monasteries , now , only five or six [stay] .

Five complete columns remain standing of the Temple of Athena built on the highest part of the city of Priene .
five complete columns [stay] standing of the temple of athena built on the highest part of the city of priene .

Did the population remain more or less static after the dramatic decline in the second half of the fourteenth century , or did it make a rapid recovery from the first wave of epidemics ?
did the population [stay] more or less static after the dramatic decline in the second half of the fourteenth century , or did it make a rapid recovery from the first wave of epidemics ?

The balance of power was shifting back to favour the landlord , and it was to remain that way for a long time .
the balance of power was shifting back to favour the landlord , and it was to [stay] that way for a long time .

Bridbury also suggests , from the admissions to the freedom of the boroughs , that the ranks of the citizens were being widened , and that even at a time when rural conditions provided more incentive for men to remain in the country than at an earlier date the towns were still able to attract them ( 61 , pp.62–4 ( Tables , 65–9 ) ) .
bridbury also suggests , from the admissions to the freedom of the boroughs , that the ranks of the citizens were being widened , and that even at a time when rural conditions provided more incentive for men to [stay] in the country than at an earlier date the towns were still able to attract them ( 61 , pp.62–4 ( tables , 65–9 ) ) .

In the late Middle Ages the West Riding of Yorkshire , particularly the Leeds-Bradford area , emerged as a major centre of the woollen textile industry , as it was to remain , overtaking York as the major centre of the cloth trade in the North ( 82 , p.152 ) .
in the late middle ages the west riding of yorkshire , particularly the leeds-bradford area , emerged as a major centre of the woollen textile industry , as it was to [stay] , overtaking york as the major centre of the cloth trade in the north ( 82 , p.152 ) .

The Welsh Marches and the Midlands had been far more important as the power bases of major families and indeed were to remain so .
the welsh marches and the midlands had been far more important as the power bases of major families and indeed were to [stay] so .

Clinton and company remain focused on industrial technology , to the seeming neglect of fundamental research , and Congress is in a sour , anti-spending mood .
clinton and company [stay] focused on industrial technology , to the seeming neglect of fundamental research , and congress is in a sour , anti-spending mood .

— All variable costs remain unchanged and are proportional to volume within this range of activity .
— all variable costs [stay] unchanged and are proportional to volume within this range of activity .

In contrast fixed costs , it is assumed , will remain constant over activity levels and therefore unavoidable costs .
in contrast fixed costs , it is assumed , will [stay] constant over activity levels and therefore unavoidable costs .

One would be recruited ; the other Reg Raven , would remain at work instead of retiring .
one would be recruited ; the other reg raven , would [stay] at work instead of retiring .

Although there have been important advances in our understanding of anorexia nervosa as a multifactorial disorder , the precise mechanisms determining its expression remain elusive .
although there have been important advances in our understanding of anorexia nervosa as a multifactorial disorder , the precise mechanisms determining its expression [stay] elusive .

Recent data indicate that the serotonergic systems implicated in the regulation of feeding and mood remain altered in anorexia nervous patients even after weight restoration .
recent data indicate that the serotonergic systems implicated in the regulation of feeding and mood [stay] altered in anorexia nervous patients even after weight restoration .

Although the mechanisms of reperfusion arrhythmogenesis remain uncertain , hypotheses include cytotoxic oxygen-derived free radicals causing disruption of the cellular membrane and electrical instability .
although the mechanisms of reperfusion arrhythmogenesis [stay] uncertain , hypotheses include cytotoxic oxygen-derived free radicals causing disruption of the cellular membrane and electrical instability .

While such intervention is not without a moral hazard problem , it may still remain the best solution for those seeking income insurance ; in other words the government can handle the moral hazard problem better than the market can .
while such intervention is not without a moral hazard problem , it may still [stay] the best solution for those seeking income insurance ; in other words the government can handle the moral hazard problem better than the market can .

It is this latter consideration that helps explain why many people with high replacement ratios plus the possibility for ‘ leisure ’ remain in work rather than opting for unemployment .
it is this latter consideration that helps explain why many people with high replacement ratios plus the possibility for ‘ leisure ’ [stay] in work rather than opting for unemployment .

The King Over The Water will forever remain so , while Winston lives .
the king over the water will forever [stay] so , while winston lives .

But soon , as she linked her arm possessively through his , collected her coat from Cloaks , then steered him across towards the taxi-rank in St Giles ' , he knew that his lust for her had returned ; and would remain .
but soon , as she linked her arm possessively through his , collected her coat from cloaks , then steered him across towards the taxi-rank in st giles ' , he knew that his lust for her had returned ; and would [stay] .

Cornelius would remain on at school until real work could be found for him .
cornelius would [stay] on at school until real work could be found for him .

But during this period , in order that the school 's reputation remain intact , he should be taken on in some capacity and paid a salary , that of a youth employment officer 's assistant , for example .
but during this period , in order that the school 's reputation [stay] intact , he should be taken on in some capacity and paid a salary , that of a youth employment officer 's assistant , for example .

Transcripts of the lectures still remain , however , and these serve as fascinating documents .
transcripts of the lectures still [stay] , however , and these serve as fascinating documents .

These boxes insure that the Biros remain safely entrapped whilst at the shop .
these boxes insure that the biros [stay] safely entrapped whilst at the shop .

These remain shrouded in mystery also .
these [stay] shrouded in mystery also .

If a process model is deinstalled then any outstanding tasks will remain and any state transitions resulting from these tasks will be performed .
if a process model is deinstalled then any outstanding tasks will [stay] and any state transitions resulting from these tasks will be performed .

Yet the band remain mysterious .
yet the band [stay] mysterious .

By impacting with neighbouring particles they vibrate about a locus , and only appear to remain in a fixed position .
by impacting with neighbouring particles they vibrate about a locus , and only appear to [stay] in a fixed position .

If the deviation from Raoult 's law is sufficiently great , the mixture may no longer remain homogeneous over the complete range of compositions .
if the deviation from raoult 's law is sufficiently great , the mixture may no longer [stay] homogeneous over the complete range of compositions .

In both types of chromatography , portions of each component remain dissolved in the mobile phase .
in both types of chromatography , portions of each component [stay] dissolved in the mobile phase .

The dot location task , which involves predominantly the right hemisphere , was expected to remain unaffected .
the dot location task , which involves predominantly the right hemisphere , was expected to [stay] unaffected .

Her ties will remain strong as she still has many family connections .
her ties will [stay] strong as she still has many family connections .

Her son Alex , Brother-in-law , John Reilly and two cousins all remain working in various departments .
her son alex , brother-in-law , john reilly and two cousins all [stay] working in various departments .

Ram this down hard to ensure that no large cavities remain .
ram this down hard to ensure that no large cavities [stay] .

To try to educate us to remain docile , and what they call ’ good natives ’ .
to try to educate us to [stay] docile , and what they call ’ good natives ’ .

We are deeply concerned for the fate of all those thousands of women and men who remain in prison .
we are deeply concerned for the fate of all those thousands of women and men who [stay] in prison .

Dioxins from the process may be discharged in factory effluent and some traces remain in the paper goods themselves .
dioxins from the process may be discharged in factory effluent and some traces [stay] in the paper goods themselves .

It would be foolish for western governments to relax the pressure while most of the reforms remain on paper ( so say a polite ’ no ’ to Solidarity 's Mr Lech Walesa if , after this week 's deal , the Polish government sends him cap.in-hand to the West ) .
it would be foolish for western governments to relax the pressure while most of the reforms [stay] on paper ( so say a polite ’ no ’ to solidarity 's mr lech walesa if , after this week 's deal , the polish government sends him cap.in-hand to the west ) .

Plenty of small operators remain to be gobbled up by big ones able to meet the capital and research costs now required .
plenty of small operators [stay] to be gobbled up by big ones able to meet the capital and research costs now required .

The exception , perhaps , where statistical data are still essential to policy , is employment and so the Department of Employment will remain in charge of the unemployment figures .
the exception , perhaps , where statistical data are still essential to policy , is employment and so the department of employment will [stay] in charge of the unemployment figures .

The discussions got stuck on the question whether agreements reached at these meetings should remain purely informal or should be translated into Euro-directives .
the discussions got stuck on the question whether agreements reached at these meetings should [stay] purely informal or should be translated into euro-directives .

He is responsible for a number of Contract Representatives and will remain in charge of key accounts within his area .
he is responsible for a number of contract representatives and will [stay] in charge of key accounts within his area .

The original reasons for seeking a Royal Charter remain : it would give greater status to the Association , its members and indeed the whole industry ; we would enjoy the endorsement by the Privy Council to our qualifications for membership ; recognition by the Privy Council would add weight to the Association 's opinion on issues when lobbying Government or debating with others ; our members would have the Privy Council 's endorsement of being true professionals with the opportunityfor a Corporate member to be called a Chartered Hotelier or a Chartered Caterer .
the original reasons for seeking a royal charter [stay] : it would give greater status to the association , its members and indeed the whole industry ; we would enjoy the endorsement by the privy council to our qualifications for membership ; recognition by the privy council would add weight to the association 's opinion on issues when lobbying government or debating with others ; our members would have the privy council 's endorsement of being true professionals with the opportunityfor a corporate member to be called a chartered hotelier or a chartered caterer .

Making such changes once one has a Royal Charter remain possible but are an extremely slow process .
making such changes once one has a royal charter [stay] possible but are an extremely slow process .

But some legitimate worries remain and strict monitoring is still necessary .
but some legitimate worries [stay] and strict monitoring is still necessary .

If plant and animal production is made much more efficient in its use of resources , food surpluses could remain a recurring problem , certainly in the short term .
if plant and animal production is made much more efficient in its use of resources , food surpluses could [stay] a recurring problem , certainly in the short term .

Yet if the nationalised industries largely disappear as a ’ problem ’ there remain the local authorities and the public services .
yet if the nationalised industries largely disappear as a ’ problem ’ there [stay] the local authorities and the public services .

If correctly mixed , Gyproc cove adhesive will remain usable for about 30 minutes after mixing , and will set hard in about an hour .
if correctly mixed , gyproc cove adhesive will [stay] usable for about 30 minutes after mixing , and will set hard in about an hour .

Many former rebels were expected to remain within two government development zones covering 25,000 sq km in the south region bordering the San Juan River , to be policed by 300 armed former contras .
many former rebels were expected to [stay] within two government development zones covering 25,000 sq km in the south region bordering the san juan river , to be policed by 300 armed former contras .

After this meeting , Gen. Suchinda publicly assured the Prime Minister that the Army would remain loyal , and Chatichai was confident enough to leave for the United States on schedule .
after this meeting , gen. suchinda publicly assured the prime minister that the army would [stay] loyal , and chatichai was confident enough to leave for the united states on schedule .

Reporting back to the Supreme Council on June 28 , Prunskiene quoted Gorbachev as confiding that the Lithuanians and the Soviets should be able to interpret the moratorium in whatever way suited them , so that honour could remain satisfied on both sides .
reporting back to the supreme council on june 28 , prunskiene quoted gorbachev as confiding that the lithuanians and the soviets should be able to interpret the moratorium in whatever way suited them , so that honour could [stay] satisfied on both sides .

Generally regarded as more liberal and more affable than Lee , Goh was seen as lacking his charisma and there was some speculation as to how long Goh would remain in the post .
generally regarded as more liberal and more affable than lee , goh was seen as lacking his charisma and there was some speculation as to how long goh would [stay] in the post .

On Oct. 17 , 1989 , a speech by the Public Welfare Minister , Gen. ( retd ) Supardjo Rustam , which had apparently been prepared by Suharto himself , called on Golkar to take a more `` central position `` rather than remain `` sitting on the sidelines `` .
on oct. 17 , 1989 , a speech by the public welfare minister , gen. ( retd ) supardjo rustam , which had apparently been prepared by suharto himself , called on golkar to take a more `` central position `` rather than [stay] `` sitting on the sidelines `` .

To remain as Chief Minister , Chauthala was required to win a seat in the Haryana State Assembly by early June .
to [stay] as chief minister , chauthala was required to win a seat in the haryana state assembly by early june .

During the transitional period the Latvian Supreme Soviet would remain the `` supreme power `` in the republic , and the provisions of the 1978 Constitution of Soviet Latvia would remain in force provided that the four key articles from the 1922 Constitution were not contradicted .
during the transitional period the latvian supreme soviet would [stay] the `` supreme power `` in the republic , and the provisions of the 1978 constitution of soviet latvia would [stay] in force provided that the four key articles from the 1922 constitution were not contradicted .

His election , as candidate of the Alliance of Free Democrats ( SzDSz ) , reflected a deal whereby the Free Democrats would remain in opposition , but would accept parliamentary rules allowing the passage of most categories of legislation ( including the budget ) by simple majority .
his election , as candidate of the alliance of free democrats ( szdsz ) , reflected a deal whereby the free democrats would [stay] in opposition , but would accept parliamentary rules allowing the passage of most categories of legislation ( including the budget ) by simple majority .

The Assembly approved a law to `` perpetuate the memory of the 1956 revolution and freedom struggle in law `` and declaring Oct. 23 a national holiday ; it also unanimously approved a statement of intent on joining the Council of Europe ; and it accepted the resignation of outgoing Prime Minister Miklos Nemeth of the Hungarian Socialist Party ( the reformed successor to the Hungarian Socialist Workers ' Party ) , but requested him to remain in office at the head of an interim government until a replacement government had been formed .
the assembly approved a law to `` perpetuate the memory of the 1956 revolution and freedom struggle in law `` and declaring oct. 23 a national holiday ; it also unanimously approved a statement of intent on joining the council of europe ; and it accepted the resignation of outgoing prime minister miklos nemeth of the hungarian socialist party ( the reformed successor to the hungarian socialist workers ' party ) , but requested him to [stay] in office at the head of an interim government until a replacement government had been formed .

Speaking on May 4 he said : `` Poland 's current western frontier will remain unviolable .
speaking on may 4 he said : `` poland 's current western frontier will [stay] unviolable .

In accordance with the Constitution a plebiscite was held on Oct. 5 , 1988 , to decide whether Pinochet should remain in office for a further eight years upon the expiry of his term in 1990 .
in accordance with the constitution a plebiscite was held on oct. 5 , 1988 , to decide whether pinochet should [stay] in office for a further eight years upon the expiry of his term in 1990 .

The Army would remain the `` vanguard of the people `` .
the army would [stay] the `` vanguard of the people `` .

On Oct. 9 , 1989 , the then Economy Minister , Néstor Rapanelli , signed a decree allowing freedom of action for foreign companies to buy into Argentina without prior government approval ; however , areas such as the media were to remain closed to foreign investment .
on oct. 9 , 1989 , the then economy minister , néstor rapanelli , signed a decree allowing freedom of action for foreign companies to buy into argentina without prior government approval ; however , areas such as the media were to [stay] closed to foreign investment .

Those who had been in Italy before the end of 1989 and who registered within an appointed time limit were to be allowed to remain in the country and would be granted rights to medical care , schooling and equality of opportunity in relation to employment .
those who had been in italy before the end of 1989 and who registered within an appointed time limit were to be allowed to [stay] in the country and would be granted rights to medical care , schooling and equality of opportunity in relation to employment .

Within a union republic holding a referendum on secession , an autonomous republic , oblast or okrug ( district ) would have the right , subject to referendum , to remain within the Soviet Union should the rest of the union republic choose to secede .
within a union republic holding a referendum on secession , an autonomous republic , oblast or okrug ( district ) would have the right , subject to referendum , to [stay] within the soviet union should the rest of the union republic choose to secede .

Similarly , areas within a seceding union republic which were populated predominantly by an ethnic group forming a minority in the republic , but which did not enjoy regional autonomy , might be allowed , subject to a referendum and negotiation , to remain within the Soviet Union .
similarly , areas within a seceding union republic which were populated predominantly by an ethnic group forming a minority in the republic , but which did not enjoy regional autonomy , might be allowed , subject to a referendum and negotiation , to [stay] within the soviet union .

He proposed a reduction in the State President 's powers , and reaffirmed that while the Separate Amenities Act would be repealed in 1990 , and the Group Areas Act replaced with a non-discriminatory law the following year , other apartheid legislation would remain on the statute book until a new constitution was drawn up .
he proposed a reduction in the state president 's powers , and reaffirmed that while the separate amenities act would be repealed in 1990 , and the group areas act replaced with a non-discriminatory law the following year , other apartheid legislation would [stay] on the statute book until a new constitution was drawn up .

The West German Finance Minister , Theo Waigel , had told the meeting that the costs of unification could be carried by means of tax revenues resulting from higher than expected economic growth , and in an interview on April 8 he said that , although there would have to be some tax adjustments , the overall tax burden would remain the same .
the west german finance minister , theo waigel , had told the meeting that the costs of unification could be carried by means of tax revenues resulting from higher than expected economic growth , and in an interview on april 8 he said that , although there would have to be some tax adjustments , the overall tax burden would [stay] the same .

The island of Mayotte also forms part of the archipelago , but its inhabitants voted in February 1976 to remain under French administration .
the island of mayotte also forms part of the archipelago , but its inhabitants voted in february 1976 to [stay] under french administration .

Lozano was allowed to remain free on bail while appealing against his conviction .
lozano was allowed to [stay] free on bail while appealing against his conviction .

In his half-yearly report to Congress on Feb. 21 Greenspan reported guarded optimism about avoiding recession , but he reaffirmed that while concern for inflation persisted interest rates would remain high .
in his half-yearly report to congress on feb. 21 greenspan reported guarded optimism about avoiding recession , but he reaffirmed that while concern for inflation persisted interest rates would [stay] high .

During his visit to China in May 1989 [ see p. 36671 ] , Khamenei said that `` the decision against Rushdie remain [ ed ] valid `` and declared that `` this [ was ] a bullet for which there was a target ; it has been shot ; sooner or later it will reach its target `` .
during his visit to china in may 1989 [ see p. 36671 ] , khamenei said that `` the decision against rushdie [stay] [ ed ] valid `` and declared that `` this [ was ] a bullet for which there was a target ; it has been shot ; sooner or later it will reach its target `` .

Although the new law would require Berlusconi to dispose of his controlling interest in the daily newspaper Il Giornale , its provisions were significantly less stringent than originally proposed , and it was criticized as allowing Berlusconi 's dominant position in the Italian media to remain largely unchecked .
although the new law would require berlusconi to dispose of his controlling interest in the daily newspaper il giornale , its provisions were significantly less stringent than originally proposed , and it was criticized as allowing berlusconi 's dominant position in the italian media to [stay] largely unchecked .

New Forum , which had first emerged in September 1989 [ see p. 36895 ] , decided at a delegates ' conference in Leipzig on Jan. 6 not to form a political party but to remain a citizens ' movement which was `` open to citizens of different ideological and party opinions `` .
new forum , which had first emerged in september 1989 [ see p. 36895 ] , decided at a delegates ' conference in leipzig on jan. 6 not to form a political party but to [stay] a citizens ' movement which was `` open to citizens of different ideological and party opinions `` .

Nine prominent members of the Noriega regime were thought to remain in the papal nunciature , one of whom , Lt.-Col. Nivaldo Madriñán , head of the criminal investigation force , surrendered on Jan. 4 .
nine prominent members of the noriega regime were thought to [stay] in the papal nunciature , one of whom , lt.-col. nivaldo madriñán , head of the criminal investigation force , surrendered on jan. 4 .

Aylwin announced on Jan. 5 that following discussions he had invited the Air Force Commander-in-Chief , Maj.-Gen. Fernando Matthei Aubel , and the head of the paramilitary police , Gen. Rodolfo Stange Oelkers , both members of the current ruling military junta , to remain in their service posts when his new government came into office .
aylwin announced on jan. 5 that following discussions he had invited the air force commander-in-chief , maj.-gen. fernando matthei aubel , and the head of the paramilitary police , gen. rodolfo stange oelkers , both members of the current ruling military junta , to [stay] in their service posts when his new government came into office .

However , Inravision Television in Bogotá reported on Aug. 13 that it had received a faxed message from the cartel which stated that the truce would remain in force .
however , inravision television in bogotá reported on aug. 13 that it had received a faxed message from the cartel which stated that the truce would [stay] in force .

Files of the East German State Security police ( " Stasi " ) would , for the time being , remain in East Germany ( and not go to the West German state archive in Koblenz ) .
files of the east german state security police ( " stasi " ) would , for the time being , [stay] in east germany ( and not go to the west german state archive in koblenz ) .

He declared that `` the Loire must remain a free and living river , where only its excesses are brought under control `` .
he declared that `` the loire must [stay] a free and living river , where only its excesses are brought under control `` .

In order to head off conflict with Ghana over the replacement , assurances were later given that Quainoo would remain as overall commander , with Dogonyaro in charge of field operations .
in order to head off conflict with ghana over the replacement , assurances were later given that quainoo would [stay] as overall commander , with dogonyaro in charge of field operations .

While Soviet forces remained in Germany , forces from the other three wartime allies would remain in Berlin `` at German request `` . ``
while soviet forces remained in germany , forces from the other three wartime allies would [stay] in berlin `` at german request `` . ``

Despite an agreement reached in late August that files of the East German State Security police ( " Stasi " ) would remain in East Germany after unification [ see p. 37661 ] , the question in particular of MPs ' and ministers ' alleged Stasi involvement remained a major issue .
despite an agreement reached in late august that files of the east german state security police ( " stasi " ) would [stay] in east germany after unification [ see p. 37661 ] , the question in particular of mps ' and ministers ' alleged stasi involvement remained a major issue .

Following endorsement by the Senate , the presidential election bill was signed into law on Oct. 1 by Jaruzelski ( who was to remain in office until the new President was sworn in , probably during December ) .
following endorsement by the senate , the presidential election bill was signed into law on oct. 1 by jaruzelski ( who was to [stay] in office until the new president was sworn in , probably during december ) .

Commenting on the new economic legislation , the Finance Minister , Vaclav Klaus , said that its main thrust was to revitalize small and medium-size state-owned companies through improved management and new investment ; furthermore , the government was aiming to establish a climate favouring private enterprise , but around one-third of the economy would remain under state control for the time being .
commenting on the new economic legislation , the finance minister , vaclav klaus , said that its main thrust was to revitalize small and medium-size state-owned companies through improved management and new investment ; furthermore , the government was aiming to establish a climate favouring private enterprise , but around one-third of the economy would [stay] under state control for the time being .

Hungary and the Soviet Union signed a trade protocol on April 18 providing that the Soviet Union would remain Hungary 's main trading partner ; however , Soviet exports to Hungary would decrease by 8.5 per cent and imports by 12 per cent .
hungary and the soviet union signed a trade protocol on april 18 providing that the soviet union would [stay] hungary 's main trading partner ; however , soviet exports to hungary would decrease by 8.5 per cent and imports by 12 per cent .

In order to remain as Chief Minister Chauthala was required to win a state Legislative Assembly seat by May 1990 .
in order to [stay] as chief minister chauthala was required to win a state legislative assembly seat by may 1990 .

The communiqué did not mention the June 1989 suppression of China 's pro-democracy movement , nor the upheavals in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe , except to comment that `` although the international climate is unpredictable and there are still temporary difficulties at home , we will remain invincible as long as we focus on … boosting national economic development `` .
the communiqué did not mention the june 1989 suppression of china 's pro-democracy movement , nor the upheavals in the soviet union and eastern europe , except to comment that `` although the international climate is unpredictable and there are still temporary difficulties at home , we will [stay] invincible as long as we focus on … boosting national economic development `` .

Reagan refused to abide by the ruling and on Feb. 5 , the deadline for the release of the diaries , the former President invoked executive privilege — the principle that a President 's communications should remain confidential .
reagan refused to abide by the ruling and on feb. 5 , the deadline for the release of the diaries , the former president invoked executive privilege — the principle that a president 's communications should [stay] confidential .

He was due to remain as leader of the party until a successor was chosen at a leadership convention in Calgary on June 23 , 1990 .
he was due to [stay] as leader of the party until a successor was chosen at a leadership convention in calgary on june 23 , 1990 .

Sacher stated that all StB agents and officers had been ordered to hand in all weapons and identity cards , and to remain at home on standby .
sacher stated that all stb agents and officers had been ordered to hand in all weapons and identity cards , and to [stay] at home on standby .

The government would retain control through ownership of 66 per cent of voting shares ; private Mexican investors would remain eligible for ownership of the remaining 34 per cent of voting shares , as had been the case since the partial privatization of the banking system in 1987 [ see pp .
the government would retain control through ownership of 66 per cent of voting shares ; private mexican investors would [stay] eligible for ownership of the remaining 34 per cent of voting shares , as had been the case since the partial privatization of the banking system in 1987 [ see pp .

Furthermore a strong case can be made for arguing that religious commitment is the only way to understand the depths of religion which from the outside may remain sheer enigma .
furthermore a strong case can be made for arguing that religious commitment is the only way to understand the depths of religion which from the outside may [stay] sheer enigma .

These beliefs and values can not for example remain in sole Olympian splendour as necessarily always more important than others .
these beliefs and values can not for example [stay] in sole olympian splendour as necessarily always more important than others .

The really important task facing all religions is whether these particular categorical assertions can be unpacked in such a way as to reveal a piece of the jigsaw which fits with others . Or is each to remain stubbornly not a piece of a jigsaw puzzle , but in its own watertight compartment , as shown in this diagram ?
the really important task facing all religions is whether these particular categorical assertions can be unpacked in such a way as to reveal a piece of the jigsaw which fits with others . or is each to [stay] stubbornly not a piece of a jigsaw puzzle , but in its own watertight compartment , as shown in this diagram ?

Moreover , the struggle between the Whigs and Tories suggests a large degree of continuity with the period before the Glorious Revolution : the Whigs are still the party of the Low Church and Dissent , of resistance theory , and committed to the need for an aggressive stance against France , whilst the Tories remain the party of the Church , of non-resistance , and more isolationist in foreign affairs .
moreover , the struggle between the whigs and tories suggests a large degree of continuity with the period before the glorious revolution : the whigs are still the party of the low church and dissent , of resistance theory , and committed to the need for an aggressive stance against france , whilst the tories [stay] the party of the church , of non-resistance , and more isolationist in foreign affairs .

Nevertheless , the existence of such divisions does not mean that we have to talk of a multi-party system ; rather , it seems better to talk of two parties , both representing a broad spectrum of political viewpoints which nevertheless remain recognisable as either Whig or Tory .
nevertheless , the existence of such divisions does not mean that we have to talk of a multi-party system ; rather , it seems better to talk of two parties , both representing a broad spectrum of political viewpoints which nevertheless [stay] recognisable as either whig or tory .

In an encounter with a high status role the options are few — they can agree to do as they 're told ( in which case you , the teacher , end up doing all the decision-making ) or they can refuse ; it 's a battle of wits and wills : you remain in control or they overthrow you .
in an encounter with a high status role the options are few — they can agree to do as they 're told ( in which case you , the teacher , end up doing all the decision-making ) or they can refuse ; it 's a battle of wits and wills : you [stay] in control or they overthrow you .

The problems of the drama remain within the group .
the problems of the drama [stay] within the group .

In this way we ensure that the pace of the drama lesson does n't remain constant .
in this way we ensure that the pace of the drama lesson does n't [stay] constant .

Most of the children want the railway and are prepared to help with the survey , but a few want things to remain as they are , and they want to organise resistance to the coming of the railway .
most of the children want the railway and are prepared to help with the survey , but a few want things to [stay] as they are , and they want to organise resistance to the coming of the railway .

Whatever the age group we 're working with ( be it five year olds or fifty year olds ) the basic elements of drama remain the same :
whatever the age group we 're working with ( be it five year olds or fifty year olds ) the basic elements of drama [stay] the same :

Table 3.5 : Holders of government stock 31st March , 1991 Holdings of persons and private trusts although small compared to those of the large institutional investors remain significant .
table 3.5 : holders of government stock 31st march , 1991 holdings of persons and private trusts although small compared to those of the large institutional investors [stay] significant .

There had even been , as early as 1942 , `` a long and frank discussion `` in the Foreign Office as to whether Britain could remain a world power .
there had even been , as early as 1942 , `` a long and frank discussion `` in the foreign office as to whether britain could [stay] a world power .

Inevitably this re-opened the question of the nation 's ability to remain a Middle East power , and encouraged more serious consultations with the United States .
inevitably this re-opened the question of the nation 's ability to [stay] a middle east power , and encouraged more serious consultations with the united states .

They were haunted by the fear of another Dunkirk and were anxious to remain strong in the Middle East .
they were haunted by the fear of another dunkirk and were anxious to [stay] strong in the middle east .

On the other hand he agreed that the Americans could not risk the destruction of their own forces in Britain by a pre-emptive Soviet strike or allow a major part of their bomber force to remain earth-bound while British ministers tried to make up their minds .
on the other hand he agreed that the americans could not risk the destruction of their own forces in britain by a pre-emptive soviet strike or allow a major part of their bomber force to [stay] earth-bound while british ministers tried to make up their minds .

It was far better that Britain should remain primarily responsible for the defence of the region , and that the two powers should have working understandings where necessary — provided the Americans avoided guilt by association with `` colonialism `` in the minds of the Arabs .
it was far better that britain should [stay] primarily responsible for the defence of the region , and that the two powers should have working understandings where necessary — provided the americans avoided guilt by association with `` colonialism `` in the minds of the arabs .

The reasons why the Eisenhower administration acted as it did in 1956 remain potent , especially when examined without the advantages of hindsight .
the reasons why the eisenhower administration acted as it did in 1956 [stay] potent , especially when examined without the advantages of hindsight .

This might do harm in dealings with a country which wished to remain non-aligned .
this might do harm in dealings with a country which wished to [stay] non-aligned .

He wanted an assurance that the Dardanelles would remain closed to warships because he feared the possibility of a British or French attack on the southern part of the Russian Empire .
he wanted an assurance that the dardanelles would [stay] closed to warships because he feared the possibility of a british or french attack on the southern part of the russian empire .

The government decreed that land was to remain the property of the landlords , that peasants were to remain subject to communal organizations ( which reduced the likelihood that they might turn into entrepreneurs ) , that the gentry would continue to exercise police duties in the countryside , and that state and local taxes were to be paid as before .
the government decreed that land was to [stay] the property of the landlords , that peasants were to [stay] subject to communal organizations ( which reduced the likelihood that they might turn into entrepreneurs ) , that the gentry would continue to exercise police duties in the countryside , and that state and local taxes were to be paid as before .

The Orthodox clergy and Church in the western area `` , he said , `` will not assume the status appropriate to their rank so long as this same clergy at the very centre of the state remain in their present condition and on their present level `` .
the orthodox clergy and church in the western area `` , he said , `` will not assume the status appropriate to their rank so long as this same clergy at the very centre of the state [stay] in their present condition and on their present level `` .

Out of pocket issue fees , including legal , printing and fiscal agents ' fees , tend to be small ; in extreme cases differences in them can sway deals , but in general the yield , commission cost and cost of the swap ( if included ) remain primary factors .
out of pocket issue fees , including legal , printing and fiscal agents ' fees , tend to be small ; in extreme cases differences in them can sway deals , but in general the yield , commission cost and cost of the swap ( if included ) [stay] primary factors .

Similarly , investors tend not to deal with a new house if they are doubtful about its tenacity — and skilled market staff will not join a firm even for high salaries if they are unsure that it will remain in the market .
similarly , investors tend not to deal with a new house if they are doubtful about its tenacity — and skilled market staff will not join a firm even for high salaries if they are unsure that it will [stay] in the market .

Firms that remain in commodity type business are under particular pressure to contain their costs , given that success in such markets typically flows to the lowest cost producer .
firms that [stay] in commodity type business are under particular pressure to contain their costs , given that success in such markets typically flows to the lowest cost producer .

The mechanism could still be operated satisfactorily by diplomatic services which were small and content to remain so .
the mechanism could still be operated satisfactorily by diplomatic services which were small and content to [stay] so .

But all men , like all dogs , remain a single species .
but all men , like all dogs , [stay] a single species .

In other words the essential parameters by which European Christians felt they could decide whether a particular other creature was , or was not , a human being — a person like us `` — were then , as they still remain , physical appearance , intelligence ( as manifested by language ) , religion .
in other words the essential parameters by which european christians felt they could decide whether a particular other creature was , or was not , a human being — a person like us `` — were then , as they still [stay] , physical appearance , intelligence ( as manifested by language ) , religion .

Or , to put it the other way round , affines only remain friends so long as they remain affines ; they are bonded together by political alliance rather than by common substance , and , if the parties concerned want to maintain that alliance , they must repeatedly reaffirm that bonding by the appropriate exchange of imperishable valuables of a visible and identifiable kind .
or , to put it the other way round , affines only [stay] friends so long as they [stay] affines ; they are bonded together by political alliance rather than by common substance , and , if the parties concerned want to maintain that alliance , they must repeatedly reaffirm that bonding by the appropriate exchange of imperishable valuables of a visible and identifiable kind .

One of the important variables in such patterns is the degree to which the dowry assets remain exclusively the property of the bride herself and of her future heirs or become a part of the pool of household property which can be used by the husband .
one of the important variables in such patterns is the degree to which the dowry assets [stay] exclusively the property of the bride herself and of her future heirs or become a part of the pool of household property which can be used by the husband .

As a consequence setting fees will remain the responsibility of the Engagement partner with reference to the client partner but should be subject to his/her compliance with the firm 's position nationally .
as a consequence setting fees will [stay] the responsibility of the engagement partner with reference to the client partner but should be subject to his/her compliance with the firm 's position nationally .

to obtain confirmation from the preparer of the advertisement and the issuer of the advertisement ( if other than the preparer ) that to the best of his knowledge and belief the facts contained in the advertisement are true and accurate and will remain so during the currency of the advertisement ;
to obtain confirmation from the preparer of the advertisement and the issuer of the advertisement ( if other than the preparer ) that to the best of his knowledge and belief the facts contained in the advertisement are true and accurate and will [stay] so during the currency of the advertisement ;

It should also state the percentage of shareholding offered for sale and whether the vendor ( s ) wishes to remain involved with the company after the sale .
it should also state the percentage of shareholding offered for sale and whether the vendor ( s ) wishes to [stay] involved with the company after the sale .

If no conditions remain to be fulfilled or consents obtained , completion is likely to be simultaneous , as that avoids the difficulties inherent in carrying on business pending completion .
if no conditions [stay] to be fulfilled or consents obtained , completion is likely to be simultaneous , as that avoids the difficulties inherent in carrying on business pending completion .

If conditions or consents remain , completion will generally occur as soon as practicable after they are satisfied or waived .
if conditions or consents [stay] , completion will generally occur as soon as practicable after they are satisfied or waived .

It will frequently be convenient for provisions to be included under which the acquirer will deal with normal repairs and replacements under warranty claims with an agreed method of charging the offeree : product and other liability resulting from products sold prior to completion will normally remain with the offeree .
it will frequently be convenient for provisions to be included under which the acquirer will deal with normal repairs and replacements under warranty claims with an agreed method of charging the offeree : product and other liability resulting from products sold prior to completion will normally [stay] with the offeree .

The warranties on a sale of a business are usually more limited than a sale of shares because taxation and other undisclosed liabilities remain with the offeree and do not pass with the business ( unless otherwise agreed ) .
the warranties on a sale of a business are usually more limited than a sale of shares because taxation and other undisclosed liabilities [stay] with the offeree and do not pass with the business ( unless otherwise agreed ) .

It is envisaged that these arrangements shall remain in force until initial expressions of interest have been received and analysed and a decision taken regarding the handling of the next stage of the formal sale process .
it is envisaged that these arrangements shall [stay] in force until initial expressions of interest have been received and analysed and a decision taken regarding the handling of the next stage of the formal sale process .

You will appreciate that , at this stage , my client wishes to remain anonymous but clearly if you are agreeable to holding such exploratory discussions , then their identity will be revealed .
you will appreciate that , at this stage , my client wishes to [stay] anonymous but clearly if you are agreeable to holding such exploratory discussions , then their identity will be revealed .

" … a guide for the medical practitioners of both tropical and temperate regions to the origins and diagnosis of infections that are tropical as opposed to being cosmopolitan , and of great value for training and teaching because it reproduces much better and more comprehensively than is possible with ordinary textbooks the appearance of specimens that will be examined … has been prepared with great care and deserves to remain one of the standard texts in the subject for many years . "
" … a guide for the medical practitioners of both tropical and temperate regions to the origins and diagnosis of infections that are tropical as opposed to being cosmopolitan , and of great value for training and teaching because it reproduces much better and more comprehensively than is possible with ordinary textbooks the appearance of specimens that will be examined … has been prepared with great care and deserves to [stay] one of the standard texts in the subject for many years . "

Jim and Louise , however , had been forced to remain with their captor alongside the open trapdoor , until he had satisfied himself the coast was completely clear .
jim and louise , however , had been forced to [stay] with their captor alongside the open trapdoor , until he had satisfied himself the coast was completely clear .

No , it seems that the drifter will remain for the time being in the form of the original although we will keep working on it .
no , it seems that the drifter will [stay] for the time being in the form of the original although we will keep working on it .

However , if your left heel lifts during the backswing or both feet remain firmly planted at the top , bracing the right foot , leg and hip during the backswing remains crucial to the working of the legs during the forward swing .
however , if your left heel lifts during the backswing or both feet [stay] firmly planted at the top , bracing the right foot , leg and hip during the backswing remains crucial to the working of the legs during the forward swing .

Your left forearm should remain close to your body throughout .
your left forearm should [stay] close to your body throughout .

Remember that your back has to remain flat throughout and that your head has to be up .
remember that your back has to [stay] flat throughout and that your head has to be up .

It would appear , however , that for the moment , the Qualifying School will remain in Spain , so ambitious South African golfers will need to write for invitations to European events , become affiliated members and attempt to win sufficient money from seven events to earn a full member 's place on the Tour .
it would appear , however , that for the moment , the qualifying school will [stay] in spain , so ambitious south african golfers will need to write for invitations to european events , become affiliated members and attempt to win sufficient money from seven events to earn a full member 's place on the tour .

While Lord Young , for the Government , may well favour selling parts of the United Kingdom to Japan ( " They ca n't take it with them " ) there are many who wish the club to remain part of Britain 's heritage .
while lord young , for the government , may well favour selling parts of the united kingdom to japan ( " they ca n't take it with them " ) there are many who wish the club to [stay] part of britain 's heritage .

These golfing gatherings are followed by the cocktail party where amateurs want to get pleasantly tiddled with Greg Norman who , in turn , intends to remain one-beer sober because he 's off at 8.10 a.m. in the main event next day and knows drinking and driving can lead to out-of-bounds at first light .
these golfing gatherings are followed by the cocktail party where amateurs want to get pleasantly tiddled with greg norman who , in turn , intends to [stay] one-beer sober because he 's off at 8.10 a.m. in the main event next day and knows drinking and driving can lead to out-of-bounds at first light .

The reasons for the surrender of their own control over policy-making by west European nations in the 1950s remain unclear .
the reasons for the surrender of their own control over policy-making by west european nations in the 1950s [stay] unclear .

However , despite the growing interest in this field of study , there has been no examination of this social group right through the late-medieval period and many aspects of its history remain problematic , even barely explored .
however , despite the growing interest in this field of study , there has been no examination of this social group right through the late-medieval period and many aspects of its history [stay] problematic , even barely explored .

Small business research has expanded rapidly in the past two decades but significant gaps still remain in our knowledge about the experiences of business proprietors in the years immediately following the launch of their enterprises .
small business research has expanded rapidly in the past two decades but significant gaps still [stay] in our knowledge about the experiences of business proprietors in the years immediately following the launch of their enterprises .

Not only is the external labour market segmented by sex , but the skills remain marketable in spite of a recession that has reduced local opportunities for the semi-skilled .
not only is the external labour market segmented by sex , but the skills [stay] marketable in spite of a recession that has reduced local opportunities for the semi-skilled .

Computer software has been developed for the estimation of large systems of such equations subject to cross-equation restrictions and also subject to changes of regime , so that the model can be permitted to shift in the face of institutional changes ( such as the switch to floating exchange rates ) while certain underlying behavioural parameters , such as in the desired money velocity function , remain constant .
computer software has been developed for the estimation of large systems of such equations subject to cross-equation restrictions and also subject to changes of regime , so that the model can be permitted to shift in the face of institutional changes ( such as the switch to floating exchange rates ) while certain underlying behavioural parameters , such as in the desired money velocity function , [stay] constant .

However , many question over the effectiveness of market mechanisms remain .
however , many question over the effectiveness of market mechanisms [stay] .

IRCs as a mechanism for collaboration have become increasingly important in recent years and are likely to remain so . In seeking to better understand this collaboration various issues need to be addressed including :
ircs as a mechanism for collaboration have become increasingly important in recent years and are likely to [stay] so . in seeking to better understand this collaboration various issues need to be addressed including :

the management of nationalised industries where important issues remain as to the most appropriate set of rules and controls under which to operate these industries .
the management of nationalised industries where important issues [stay] as to the most appropriate set of rules and controls under which to operate these industries .

The following aspects of policy are insufficiently studied and will remain for some years central preoccupations of the Group :
the following aspects of policy are insufficiently studied and will [stay] for some years central preoccupations of the group :

The grant will assist the final editing of the journal , and the cross-checking of some of Nadel 's local tours and identifications of people and places , which would remain obscure were it not for more recent ethnographic inquiry .
the grant will assist the final editing of the journal , and the cross-checking of some of nadel 's local tours and identifications of people and places , which would [stay] obscure were it not for more recent ethnographic inquiry .

Nevertheless , within the context of the United Kingdom , the two regions remain relatively disadvantaged in economic and social terms .
nevertheless , within the context of the united kingdom , the two regions [stay] relatively disadvantaged in economic and social terms .

Ankles remain together at all times and feet should be over the knees .
ankles [stay] together at all times and feet should be over the knees .

Back should remain flat and straight .
back should [stay] flat and straight .

Traditionally , local councillors have filled this role and there is no doubt that they still remain a most vital source of redress for citizen complaints .
traditionally , local councillors have filled this role and there is no doubt that they still [stay] a most vital source of redress for citizen complaints .

However , the task of investigating crime , and the initial decision whether to proceed with a case , will remain with the police .
however , the task of investigating crime , and the initial decision whether to proceed with a case , will [stay] with the police .

At the same time , a growing share of those older people who remain in work until ‘ normal ’ retirement age have moved from their main or life-time job to another , less-skilled , part-time , temporary or self-employed job .
at the same time , a growing share of those older people who [stay] in work until ‘ normal ’ retirement age have moved from their main or life-time job to another , less-skilled , part-time , temporary or self-employed job .

Many such studies remain a snapshot of these processes of change .
many such studies [stay] a snapshot of these processes of change .

Political activity could be a means for unemployed people to remain involved in society .
political activity could be a means for unemployed people to [stay] involved in society .

Whilst many voluntary and private child care organisations have diversified , the majority remain heavily committed in terms of both human and capital resources to the provision of residential care .
whilst many voluntary and private child care organisations have diversified , the majority [stay] heavily committed in terms of both human and capital resources to the provision of residential care .

There has been no major study of prisoners ' families for nearly a quarter of a century , and what has been done tends to remain firmly outside the prison walls .
there has been no major study of prisoners ' families for nearly a quarter of a century , and what has been done tends to [stay] firmly outside the prison walls .

The focus moves next to a region in Vietnam from which some of the asylum seekers have come , in order to compare the circumstances of those who decide to go and those who remain .
the focus moves next to a region in vietnam from which some of the asylum seekers have come , in order to compare the circumstances of those who decide to go and those who [stay] .

However the research has been of variable quality , there are conflicting findings , and the full implications for practice remain unclear .
however the research has been of variable quality , there are conflicting findings , and the full implications for practice [stay] unclear .

Explanations of both phenomena remain partial and insufficiently grounded in theory empirical data .
explanations of both phenomena [stay] partial and insufficiently grounded in theory empirical data .

Queen Mother to remain in hospital
queen mother to [stay] in hospital

Changes must be made to the attack for the first Test at Old Trafford next month but pacemen Andy Caddick , Paul Jarvis and Chris Lewis now have just one more chance to prove they should remain for the Ashes opener .
changes must be made to the attack for the first test at old trafford next month but pacemen andy caddick , paul jarvis and chris lewis now have just one more chance to prove they should [stay] for the ashes opener .

Champions North-West stood head and shoulders above the rest last year , the only side to remain unbeaten and with the same squad available , will take all the beating once again .
champions north-west stood head and shoulders above the rest last year , the only side to [stay] unbeaten and with the same squad available , will take all the beating once again .

Dr Peter Brunt was seeing the Queen Mother this morning , when he would determine how long she would remain in Aberdeen Royal Infirmary .
dr peter brunt was seeing the queen mother this morning , when he would determine how long she would [stay] in aberdeen royal infirmary .

She was sleeping and would remain under observation in Aberdeen Royal Infirmary today , said a hospital spokesman .
she was sleeping and would [stay] under observation in aberdeen royal infirmary today , said a hospital spokesman .

The ultimate victims remain the same .
the ultimate victims [stay] the same .

THREE-two-one … Bertie Fisher has lift-off in his bid to remain Dunlop Tarmac rally champion .
three-two-one … bertie fisher has lift-off in his bid to [stay] dunlop tarmac rally champion .

Despite having to play away from home Armagh remain the bookies choice to advance to face Tyrone .
despite having to play away from home armagh [stay] the bookies choice to advance to face tyrone .

We are determined that it will remain on the statute book for use if and when it is necessary to be used .
we are determined that it will [stay] on the statute book for use if and when it is necessary to be used .

‘ So long as food is a function of the Department of Agriculture … food will remain subordinate to agriculture .
‘ so long as food is a function of the department of agriculture … food will [stay] subordinate to agriculture .

He made clear that he agreed with the thrust of all the other recommendations , except the one which said that responsibility for food should remain within the Department of Agriculture .
he made clear that he agreed with the thrust of all the other recommendations , except the one which said that responsibility for food should [stay] within the department of agriculture .

The results of much research carried out within African universities and research centres remain unknown outside the continent , and little known within it .
the results of much research carried out within african universities and research centres [stay] unknown outside the continent , and little known within it .

Party members and activists play an important role in British politics and yet compared with voters they remain an understudied group .
party members and activists play an important role in british politics and yet compared with voters they [stay] an understudied group .

And indeed , with the final two shows of the current season due to be directed by Roy Heayberd and Joe Devlin , there seemed no reason why the evidently unhappy incumbent should remain in place for much longer .
and indeed , with the final two shows of the current season due to be directed by roy heayberd and joe devlin , there seemed no reason why the evidently unhappy incumbent should [stay] in place for much longer .

But , that niggle aside , London is where he will remain for the foreseeable future .
but , that niggle aside , london is where he will [stay] for the foreseeable future .

As you 'd expect strong traces of the surging Pixies sound remain , but they 're delivered with a more melodic , playful edge , almost as if splitting up the band has allowed the real Black to emerge .
as you 'd expect strong traces of the surging pixies sound [stay] , but they 're delivered with a more melodic , playful edge , almost as if splitting up the band has allowed the real black to emerge .

‘ Linen is very popular today and it seems certain that trend will remain for years ’ , says the Guild 's spokeswoman Rita Vail .
‘ linen is very popular today and it seems certain that trend will [stay] for years ’ , says the guild 's spokeswoman rita vail .

The title permutations remain complex , with Bann and Lisnagarvey mathematically still in the hunt with just three games remaining involving the leading trio .
the title permutations [stay] complex , with bann and lisnagarvey mathematically still in the hunt with just three games remaining involving the leading trio .

The Limavady father of five outwardly appears to be coping with the savage death of 24-year-old Ruth , but the emotional scars remain painfully close to the surface .
the limavady father of five outwardly appears to be coping with the savage death of 24-year-old ruth , but the emotional scars [stay] painfully close to the surface .

With a closely guarded guest list of just eight — four of whom remain unidentified despite intense investigations — the marriage was being staged under the attentive gaze of their jailers .
with a closely guarded guest list of just eight — four of whom [stay] unidentified despite intense investigations — the marriage was being staged under the attentive gaze of their jailers .

This space was purpose-built for exhibitions , and this should remain its primary function .
this space was purpose-built for exhibitions , and this should [stay] its primary function .

The Library issues floras on loan to staff on condition that they remain in the building , and accessible to other Library users during normal working hours .
the library issues floras on loan to staff on condition that they [stay] in the building , and accessible to other library users during normal working hours .

It is therefore likely that Unproductive and Low-Productivity researchers will remain so throughout their scientific careers , and that the Highly-Productive earth scientists from Cambridge will continue to publish more papers than average in the course of their work .
it is therefore likely that unproductive and low-productivity researchers will [stay] so throughout their scientific careers , and that the highly-productive earth scientists from cambridge will continue to publish more papers than average in the course of their work .

If the correct position for changing the phase excitation pattern has been reached the phase is allowed to remain on , otherwise the phase is turned off in preparation for a subsequent trial .
if the correct position for changing the phase excitation pattern has been reached the phase is allowed to [stay] on , otherwise the phase is turned off in preparation for a subsequent trial .

The tentacle pores of the arms are not as open as in other members of this subfamily and are armed with one large tentacle scale , resembling the arrangement of Ophiopristis , and may be intermediate between the Ophiotominae and Ophiacanthinae but pending further study should remain in the Ophiotominae .
the tentacle pores of the arms are not as open as in other members of this subfamily and are armed with one large tentacle scale , resembling the arrangement of ophiopristis , and may be intermediate between the ophiotominae and ophiacanthinae but pending further study should [stay] in the ophiotominae .

One may anticipate the conclusions of the following discussion of the fifteenth-century Muftilik by saying that while both traditions are less than satisfactory and while , in the present state of knowledge , there are questions of considerable importance which remain unresolved , on the particular point of the origins of the institution there is some evidence to support at least the broad outlines of the Mustakimzade tradition , however vexed the details may be ; whereas , on the other hand , not only is there a lack of positive evidence to support the Katib Celebi tradition , there is also a certain weight of evidence , largely of a negative nature , against it .
one may anticipate the conclusions of the following discussion of the fifteenth-century muftilik by saying that while both traditions are less than satisfactory and while , in the present state of knowledge , there are questions of considerable importance which [stay] unresolved , on the particular point of the origins of the institution there is some evidence to support at least the broad outlines of the mustakimzade tradition , however vexed the details may be ; whereas , on the other hand , not only is there a lack of positive evidence to support the katib celebi tradition , there is also a certain weight of evidence , largely of a negative nature , against it .

Yet one , possibly two , bits of evidence do remain to be explained : a on a written in early Shawwal 770/May 1369 containing the signature of Mehmed b .
yet one , possibly two , bits of evidence do [stay] to be explained : a on a written in early shawwal 770/may 1369 containing the signature of mehmed b .

Then , when the arch is all in position , including the vital keystone at the top , carefully remove the supporting stones and , with a modicum of luck , the arch will remain standing .
then , when the arch is all in position , including the vital keystone at the top , carefully remove the supporting stones and , with a modicum of luck , the arch will [stay] standing .

If the conditions in which a lineage of animals lives remain constant ; say it is dry and hot and has been so without a break for 100 generations , evolution in that lineage is likely to come to a halt , at least as far as adaptations to temperature and humidity are concerned .
if the conditions in which a lineage of animals lives [stay] constant ; say it is dry and hot and has been so without a break for 100 generations , evolution in that lineage is likely to come to a halt , at least as far as adaptations to temperature and humidity are concerned .

In practice , for a given area to remain in isostatic equilibrium , there would always be a limiting factor .
in practice , for a given area to [stay] in isostatic equilibrium , there would always be a limiting factor .

But writing the first edition in the midst of the Common Market discussions of 1972 , it seemed appropriate to remark that Britain decided some 200 million years ago to remain with Europe rather than depart with North America .
but writing the first edition in the midst of the common market discussions of 1972 , it seemed appropriate to remark that britain decided some 200 million years ago to [stay] with europe rather than depart with north america .

The updating of all `` persons ' files will remain a central responsibility to ensure they are kept at the same point in time .
the updating of all `` persons ' files will [stay] a central responsibility to ensure they are kept at the same point in time .

Thus a program was written which , given a suggested set of grade boundaries , would evaluate their effects in terms of : ( i ) the numbers of staff by `` before `` and `` after `` grade ; ( ii ) the overall percentage upgrading and downgrading ; ( iii ) the percentage changes by grade ( that is the percentage of staff in each `` before `` grade who are upgraded , who remain the same grade and who are downgraded ) .
thus a program was written which , given a suggested set of grade boundaries , would evaluate their effects in terms of : ( i ) the numbers of staff by `` before `` and `` after `` grade ; ( ii ) the overall percentage upgrading and downgrading ; ( iii ) the percentage changes by grade ( that is the percentage of staff in each `` before `` grade who are upgraded , who [stay] the same grade and who are downgraded ) .

Thus it is possible to start quite modestly and gradually build a really powerful system , while staff and overheads remain low ( possibly not expanding at all ) and knowledge and information multiply .
thus it is possible to start quite modestly and gradually build a really powerful system , while staff and overheads [stay] low ( possibly not expanding at all ) and knowledge and information multiply .

They would remain stable in this state for a long time as stars like our sun , burning hydrogen into helium and radiating the resulting energy as heat and light .
they would [stay] stable in this state for a long time as stars like our sun , burning hydrogen into helium and radiating the resulting energy as heat and light .

Why did one time and three space dimensions flatten out , while the other dimensions remain tightly curled .
why did one time and three space dimensions flatten out , while the other dimensions [stay] tightly curled .

She wanted to remain in the earthy warmth of the glass-house , watching him pricking out seedlings .
she wanted to [stay] in the earthy warmth of the glass-house , watching him pricking out seedlings .

He was alone with the child because Lavinia did n't ever remain when a visitor came to see him . ``
he was alone with the child because lavinia did n't ever [stay] when a visitor came to see him . ``

" The peace of God , " he said , " which passeth all understanding , be with you and remain with you , tonight and for evermore .
" the peace of god , " he said , " which passeth all understanding , be with you and [stay] with you , tonight and for evermore .

The Rattries would remain abominable , the father drunk , the mother vacant , such children as survived a damned nuisance .
the rattries would [stay] abominable , the father drunk , the mother vacant , such children as survived a damned nuisance .

She was a strong swimmer , a good cook , and she had received Clive 's assurance that their relationship would remain strictly platonic .
she was a strong swimmer , a good cook , and she had received clive 's assurance that their relationship would [stay] strictly platonic .

‘ You are being released into my custody , ’ Nathan 's cool gaze held hers , ‘ which means you are required by law to remain with me until you appear at your trial .
‘ you are being released into my custody , ’ nathan 's cool gaze held hers , ‘ which means you are required by law to [stay] with me until you appear at your trial .

But as Polly automatically started to put the chart aside he gestured to her to remain where she was .
but as polly automatically started to put the chart aside he gestured to her to [stay] where she was .

Villas were profit-making concerns which needed to dispose of their produce to remain viable ; towns provided convenient markets , but why some small towns should have seemingly provided better markets than their larger counterparts remains unclear .
villas were profit-making concerns which needed to dispose of their produce to [stay] viable ; towns provided convenient markets , but why some small towns should have seemingly provided better markets than their larger counterparts remains unclear .

This pioneering work continued throughout the 1950s and early 1960s , but the results remain largely unpublished .
this pioneering work continued throughout the 1950s and early 1960s , but the results [stay] largely unpublished .

This included rescue work south-east of the walled area and the longer-term operations in Normangate Field north of the River Nene , most of which remain only in interim published form .
this included rescue work south-east of the walled area and the longer-term operations in normangate field north of the river nene , most of which [stay] only in interim published form .

Several possible rectangular and circular mausolea have been noted alongside the Irchester road , but remain unexcavated .
several possible rectangular and circular mausolea have been noted alongside the irchester road , but [stay] unexcavated .

However , other distortions will inevitably remain , and will only be eliminated by agreement between member countries as the need for further reform emerges .
however , other distortions will inevitably [stay] , and will only be eliminated by agreement between member countries as the need for further reform emerges .

If the clause is ambiguous , the court will adopt the meaning less favourable to the seller and any ground of liability not clearly excluded will remain .
if the clause is ambiguous , the court will adopt the meaning less favourable to the seller and any ground of liability not clearly excluded will [stay] .

’ Since the contract is not rescinded by the seller exercising his rights of lien or stoppage , the seller 's obligations under the contract remain , including his obligation to deliver the goods against payment of the price .
’ since the contract is not rescinded by the seller exercising his rights of lien or stoppage , the seller 's obligations under the contract [stay] , including his obligation to deliver the goods against payment of the price .

Clearly the seller does not have to remain ready and willing to deliver .
clearly the seller does not have to [stay] ready and willing to deliver .

The three parties fought the elections for the Constitutional Convention as a coalition with a joint manifesto which-emphasised that Northern Ireland should remain indefinitely as an integral part of the United Kingdom and that power would not be shared with Republicans although that was not an objection to Catholics as such .
the three parties fought the elections for the constitutional convention as a coalition with a joint manifesto which-emphasised that northern ireland should [stay] indefinitely as an integral part of the united kingdom and that power would not be shared with republicans although that was not an objection to catholics as such .

What did remain in that paper , that year , was a hankering after what had survived from 1967 , exemplified in the prose of John Peel .
what did [stay] in that paper , that year , was a hankering after what had survived from 1967 , exemplified in the prose of john peel .

Here a solicitor would work in a department with several others and can choose whether to remain a generalist handling a range of legal problems , or to specialise in a specific area of law such as employment law or intellectual property .
here a solicitor would work in a department with several others and can choose whether to [stay] a generalist handling a range of legal problems , or to specialise in a specific area of law such as employment law or intellectual property .

The Law Society has been negotiating the terms of franchise contracts with the Legal Aid Board for some weeks and although a number of matters remain to be resolved , the negotiations have been conducted in a positive manner .
the law society has been negotiating the terms of franchise contracts with the legal aid board for some weeks and although a number of matters [stay] to be resolved , the negotiations have been conducted in a positive manner .

It would [ and should ] remain open to the court to decide that the standard set by the general law was the right one .
it would [ and should ] [stay] open to the court to decide that the standard set by the general law was the right one .

Thus , Thus , the present uncertainty would remain .
thus , thus , the present uncertainty would [stay] .

The Law Society 's Remuneration Certificate service should remain free of charge , but the Society will have a power to require up to 50% of a bill to be paid by the client before the certificate is granted .
the law society 's remuneration certificate service should [stay] free of charge , but the society will have a power to require up to 50% of a bill to be paid by the client before the certificate is granted .

managing a small number of government programmes which remain the second is to carry forward our commercially led strategy by developing the unparalleled expertise we needed for our nuclear mission into a successful robust business which could potentially move into the private sector ;
managing a small number of government programmes which [stay] the second is to carry forward our commercially led strategy by developing the unparalleled expertise we needed for our nuclear mission into a successful robust business which could potentially move into the private sector ;

decommissioning our radioactive facilities and disposing of the waste cost-effectively , while meeting stringent safety and environmental requirements , as well as managing a small number of other government nuclear programmes which remain ;
decommissioning our radioactive facilities and disposing of the waste cost-effectively , while meeting stringent safety and environmental requirements , as well as managing a small number of other government nuclear programmes which [stay] ;

If he wanted to remain incommunicado that was fine by her .
if he wanted to [stay] incommunicado that was fine by her .

This facility is made even more useful because it can remain available while the user continues to type at the cursor .
this facility is made even more useful because it can [stay] available while the user continues to type at the cursor .

When one or more applications are opened at the same time ( each in its own window ) one application can be chosen to be active whilst the others remain idle but ready for use .
when one or more applications are opened at the same time ( each in its own window ) one application can be chosen to be active whilst the others [stay] idle but ready for use .

When you save the file it will remain in 1-2-3 or Excel format unless you choose to save it as a Quattro Pro file by changing the file 's extension .
when you save the file it will [stay] in 1-2-3 or excel format unless you choose to save it as a quattro pro file by changing the file 's extension .

In a city where riots , road accidents and murders are routine events , many corpses remain unidentified every day .
in a city where riots , road accidents and murders are routine events , many corpses [stay] unidentified every day .

Last year we published our five-year business plan . Our intentions remain the same :
last year we published our five-year business plan . our intentions [stay] the same :

’ He put the milk bottles down on a small table in the hall , where they were to remain until Ianthe left , and as far as she knew , for ever after .
’ he put the milk bottles down on a small table in the hall , where they were to [stay] until ianthe left , and as far as she knew , for ever after .

To remain competitive the Company decided to enter the manufacturing business .
to [stay] competitive the company decided to enter the manufacturing business .

Ultimately just another conquest to lump in with the rest , so your score-sheet could remain unblemished by failure .
ultimately just another conquest to lump in with the rest , so your score-sheet could [stay] unblemished by failure .

‘ You made the reservation for me at the hotel , ’ she said , forcing her voice to remain steady .
‘ you made the reservation for me at the hotel , ’ she said , forcing her voice to [stay] steady .

Prove to me — and perhaps to yourself , too , that you can be with me and remain unmoved .
prove to me — and perhaps to yourself , too , that you can be with me and [stay] unmoved .

How could she be expected to remain calm ?
how could she be expected to [stay] calm ?

She steeled herself to remain calm in the face of his baiting .
she steeled herself to [stay] calm in the face of his baiting .

It would remain with her forever , locked in the innermost corners of her being , a dull , aching pain that could never be assuaged .
it would [stay] with her forever , locked in the innermost corners of her being , a dull , aching pain that could never be assuaged .

She herself cared too deeply for Suzie , would be too easily swayed by the younger girl 's pleas , too affected by her tears to remain impartial to her suffering .
she herself cared too deeply for suzie , would be too easily swayed by the younger girl 's pleas , too affected by her tears to [stay] impartial to her suffering .

If she did sense an added aura of poignancy it was probably because in less than two weeks Tivoli would close its turnstiles and remain dormant until its spring awakening at the end of the following April .
if she did sense an added aura of poignancy it was probably because in less than two weeks tivoli would close its turnstiles and [stay] dormant until its spring awakening at the end of the following april .

Against this background , Nicola Diamond introduces the ideas of Jacques Lacan , one theorist who believes the project to discover the real face will always remain a fantasy .
against this background , nicola diamond introduces the ideas of jacques lacan , one theorist who believes the project to discover the real face will always [stay] a fantasy .

The fundamental elements of facial encoding — eye , nose , mouth formations — remain more or less stable in this series .
the fundamental elements of facial encoding — eye , nose , mouth formations — [stay] more or less stable in this series .

Whether attitudes to this change or remain , two questions remain to be answered by embalmers , the potential cryogenic technician of the future .
whether attitudes to this change or [stay] , two questions [stay] to be answered by embalmers , the potential cryogenic technician of the future .

Yet there remain worries about the likely return on capital employed .
yet there [stay] worries about the likely return on capital employed .

The addresses , telephone and fax numbers remain unchanged .
the addresses , telephone and fax numbers [stay] unchanged .

If we allow multi-media to remain so shapeless and subjective , how can we ever hope to understand its implications for the information industry and the generations of information users who may ( or may not ) benefit from it ?
if we allow multi-media to [stay] so shapeless and subjective , how can we ever hope to understand its implications for the information industry and the generations of information users who may ( or may not ) benefit from it ?

Realistically , there may be little prospect of making better progress than this so long as the systems themselves remain largely no more than promises rather than commercially available products .
realistically , there may be little prospect of making better progress than this so long as the systems themselves [stay] largely no more than promises rather than commercially available products .

Perhaps it is inevitable that interactive video will remain a favoured medium , at least until the digital options actually become easily , widely and affordably available .
perhaps it is inevitable that interactive video will [stay] a favoured medium , at least until the digital options actually become easily , widely and affordably available .

But the terms of funding for the last two years of the programme remain uncertain .
but the terms of funding for the last two years of the programme [stay] uncertain .

Arguments turn on whether the whole chamber had to remain molten , and , if this was the case , on the plausibility of supplying an appropriate heat flux to offset cooling .
arguments turn on whether the whole chamber had to [stay] molten , and , if this was the case , on the plausibility of supplying an appropriate heat flux to offset cooling .

First , a sample of 10 9 atoms is loaded into a magneto-optical trap , where they remain for just over 1 second .
first , a sample of 10 9 atoms is loaded into a magneto-optical trap , where they [stay] for just over 1 second .

Clearly , there are many issues surrounding the origin of mantle plumes and the fate of subducted sediment that remain to be resolved .
clearly , there are many issues surrounding the origin of mantle plumes and the fate of subducted sediment that [stay] to be resolved .

This causes precipitation of the longest chains first and these can be separated from the shorter chains which remain in solution .
this causes precipitation of the longest chains first and these can be separated from the shorter chains which [stay] in solution .

These have demonstrated that the radii of gyration of several semicrystalline polymers remain essentially unchanged on moving from the melt phase to the semicrystalline phase ( table 11.2 ) .
these have demonstrated that the radii of gyration of several semicrystalline polymers [stay] essentially unchanged on moving from the melt phase to the semicrystalline phase ( table 11.2 ) .

It is assumed that the spherulites grow from nuclei whose relative positions in the melt remain unaltered , and the analysis allows for the eventual impingement of the growing discs on one another .
it is assumed that the spherulites grow from nuclei whose relative positions in the melt [stay] unaltered , and the analysis allows for the eventual impingement of the growing discs on one another .

Although it is thought that translation of a polymer chain proceeds by means of a series of segmental jumps involving short kinetic units , which may each consist of between 15 and 30 chain atoms , the complete movement of a chain can not remain unaffected by the surrounding chains .
although it is thought that translation of a polymer chain proceeds by means of a series of segmental jumps involving short kinetic units , which may each consist of between 15 and 30 chain atoms , the complete movement of a chain can not [stay] unaffected by the surrounding chains .

Some satellites remain stationary relative to the Earth .
some satellites [stay] stationary relative to the earth .

Such simulations , based on observed system behaviour , can tell us how things might have been if we are looking at unrepeatable , past , events or how the system might behave in the future , if the transition probabilities remain unaltered .
such simulations , based on observed system behaviour , can tell us how things might have been if we are looking at unrepeatable , past , events or how the system might behave in the future , if the transition probabilities [stay] unaltered .

‘ Only in order to remain tolerable to my comrades , ’ Dangerfield protested .
‘ only in order to [stay] tolerable to my comrades , ’ dangerfield protested .

We much regret that this involved a net loss of some jobs but if we are to remain competitive against increasing overseas competition , it is essential that we operate with the lowest possible cost base and the most efficient facilities .
we much regret that this involved a net loss of some jobs but if we are to [stay] competitive against increasing overseas competition , it is essential that we operate with the lowest possible cost base and the most efficient facilities .

‘ And you agree to remain on my terms and proclaim them ? ’
‘ and you agree to [stay] on my terms and proclaim them ? ’

It is proposed that both reception and library desks remain but physicality and function change .
it is proposed that both reception and library desks [stay] but physicality and function change .

In this way he would , much as Darwin had during the voyage of the Beagle , remain in the public eye all the time he was away .
in this way he would , much as darwin had during the voyage of the beagle , [stay] in the public eye all the time he was away .

Despite the promise of great ornithological rewards if he stayed , Gould found it immensely difficult to remain inactive while there was so much work to be done .
despite the promise of great ornithological rewards if he stayed , gould found it immensely difficult to [stay] inactive while there was so much work to be done .

‘ We are very comfortable at Government House and Lady Franklin will not hear of our going from it so long as we remain in town .
‘ we are very comfortable at government house and lady franklin will not hear of our going from it so long as we [stay] in town .

Eliza was now six months pregnant , and Lady Franklin extended a ‘ pressing invitation ’ to her to remain at Government House for the rest of her confinement .
eliza was now six months pregnant , and lady franklin extended a ‘ pressing invitation ’ to her to [stay] at government house for the rest of her confinement .

‘ Independently of climbing over rocks and fallen stumps of trees , the sportsman has to creep and crawl beneath and among the branches with the utmost caution , taking care only to advance when the bird 's attention is occupied in singing , or in scratching up the leaves in search of food ; to watch its actions it is necessary to remain perfectly motionless , not venturing to move even in the slightest degree , or it vanishes from sight as if by magic … None are so efficient in obtaining specimens as the naked black , whose noiseless and gliding steps enable him to steel upon it unheard and unperceived , and with a gun in his hand he rarely allows it to escape , and in many instances , he will even kill it with his own weapons . ’
‘ independently of climbing over rocks and fallen stumps of trees , the sportsman has to creep and crawl beneath and among the branches with the utmost caution , taking care only to advance when the bird 's attention is occupied in singing , or in scratching up the leaves in search of food ; to watch its actions it is necessary to [stay] perfectly motionless , not venturing to move even in the slightest degree , or it vanishes from sight as if by magic … none are so efficient in obtaining specimens as the naked black , whose noiseless and gliding steps enable him to steel upon it unheard and unperceived , and with a gun in his hand he rarely allows it to escape , and in many instances , he will even kill it with his own weapons . ’

Eliza was under no illusions that this meant they would be spending more time together : ‘ John , of course , will not remain there long , ’ she told her mother , ‘ but be wandering off in some direction … ’ .
eliza was under no illusions that this meant they would be spending more time together : ‘ john , of course , will not [stay] there long , ’ she told her mother , ‘ but be wandering off in some direction … ’ .

‘ This part of the country ’ , wrote Eliza , ‘ resembles for miles a succession of parks thickly dotted with tall slender trees of the Eucalypti kind and the ground covered with luxuriant verdure where during the past season not a blade of grass was to be seen the bones of many bullocks which died on their way from the upper Hunter to Maitland rill still remain by the roadside a momento [ sic ] of the excessive drought .
‘ this part of the country ’ , wrote eliza , ‘ resembles for miles a succession of parks thickly dotted with tall slender trees of the eucalypti kind and the ground covered with luxuriant verdure where during the past season not a blade of grass was to be seen the bones of many bullocks which died on their way from the upper hunter to maitland rill still [stay] by the roadside a momento [ sic ] of the excessive drought .

Although it contrived to remain fairly independent of the Great Khan far away in China , Persia had not seen the last of Mongol invasions .
although it contrived to [stay] fairly independent of the great khan far away in china , persia had not seen the last of mongol invasions .

How could anyone , ’ he asked , ‘ hope to get well or remain cheerful in such an environment of decay ?
how could anyone , ’ he asked , ‘ hope to get well or [stay] cheerful in such an environment of decay ?

‘ whole areas that looked like something out of a horror film … How could anyone , hope to get well or remain cheerful in such an environment of decay ? ’
‘ whole areas that looked like something out of a horror film … how could anyone , hope to get well or [stay] cheerful in such an environment of decay ? ’

It is thus precisely through a clearly registered refusal to withdraw from the day-to-day pleasures of thinking , listening , looking and feeling that the sensual references within these paintings remain anchored within socially experienced and theoretically informed sensibilities .
it is thus precisely through a clearly registered refusal to withdraw from the day-to-day pleasures of thinking , listening , looking and feeling that the sensual references within these paintings [stay] anchored within socially experienced and theoretically informed sensibilities .

To this end we have just agreed to sell the Great Tower Street office to an overseas investor for £18.4 million and we shall remain in place as the head tenant .
to this end we have just agreed to sell the great tower street office to an overseas investor for £18.4 million and we shall [stay] in place as the head tenant .

There is still much to be done but the more we ‘ get it right first time ’ the more confidence our customers will have to remain with us for the long term future .
there is still much to be done but the more we ‘ get it right first time ’ the more confidence our customers will have to [stay] with us for the long term future .

We still have some malt to sell if we are to achieve 1992 volumes but we remain optimistic that this can be achieved .
we still have some malt to sell if we are to achieve 1992 volumes but we [stay] optimistic that this can be achieved .

After the merger the name of the Institute and the general framework of its structure and examinations will remain unchanged , but its life and work will be enlarged by the accession of new members at all levels , from students to Council members .
after the merger the name of the institute and the general framework of its structure and examinations will [stay] unchanged , but its life and work will be enlarged by the accession of new members at all levels , from students to council members .

Still on the Loire is the impressive Abbey of Fontevrault , founded in 1098 and originally covering a tremendous area with four convents and supporting buildings of which a number remain .
still on the loire is the impressive abbey of fontevrault , founded in 1098 and originally covering a tremendous area with four convents and supporting buildings of which a number [stay] .

In a number of cases , though , their magnificent bronze doors remain .
in a number of cases , though , their magnificent bronze doors [stay] .

Though parts were altered in the seventeenth century , the Tudor Great Hall , entrance court and river façade remain as a tribute to Cardinal Wolsey 's foresight and taste .
though parts were altered in the seventeenth century , the tudor great hall , entrance court and river façade [stay] as a tribute to cardinal wolsey 's foresight and taste .

Several notable examples remain .
several notable examples [stay] .

Few such churches remain in anything like their former state .
few such churches [stay] in anything like their former state .

Remain , like the upright
[stay] , like the upright

For all the attempts to move upwards , however , there remain massive constraints and limitations .
for all the attempts to move upwards , however , there [stay] massive constraints and limitations .

The most incongruous of people become associated and continue to remain safe companions .
the most incongruous of people become associated and continue to [stay] safe companions .

Nevertheless , the Chicago School at least tried to relate an understanding of the instinctive aspects of human behaviour to conscious forms of individual and social behaviour , even if we remain unhappy with the precise way in which this combination was brought about .
nevertheless , the chicago school at least tried to relate an understanding of the instinctive aspects of human behaviour to conscious forms of individual and social behaviour , even if we [stay] unhappy with the precise way in which this combination was brought about .

Nevertheless , the ‘ wiring ’ is constructed in such a way as to ensure that certain kinds of social relationship and hierarchy processes remain reproduced .
nevertheless , the ‘ wiring ’ is constructed in such a way as to ensure that certain kinds of social relationship and hierarchy processes [stay] reproduced .

While females are reproducing and suckling , males remain programmed to hunt and to defend their patch against predators .
while females are reproducing and suckling , males [stay] programmed to hunt and to defend their patch against predators .

This is that the work of such authors as Harré , Goffman , Freud and Ardrey remain insufficiently ‘ social ’ .
this is that the work of such authors as harré , goffman , freud and ardrey [stay] insufficiently ‘ social ’ .

remain optimistic .
[stay] optimistic .

They must remain alive ; to combinations of causes and how these combinations affect people 's consciousness and actions .
they must [stay] alive ; to combinations of causes and how these combinations affect people 's consciousness and actions .

However , there remain major differences in levels of spatial mobility for different social groups .
however , there [stay] major differences in levels of spatial mobility for different social groups .

Capital , if it is to remain profitable , needed its workforce constantly reproduced .
capital , if it is to [stay] profitable , needed its workforce constantly reproduced .

Yet the contradiction as seen by Castells was that capital , if it was to remain profitable , could not afford to provide such facilities itself .
yet the contradiction as seen by castells was that capital , if it was to [stay] profitable , could not afford to provide such facilities itself .

On the other hand , this group 's demands remain quite narrow .
on the other hand , this group 's demands [stay] quite narrow .

Despite the fact , then , that Castells has now moved to other concerns , consumption and civil society remain key themes in urban sociology .
despite the fact , then , that castells has now moved to other concerns , consumption and civil society [stay] key themes in urban sociology .

Oral and anal pleasure and satisfaction remain their primary instincts while the ‘ normal ’ identification with the authoritarian father-figure enforcing codes of discipline has never occurred .
oral and anal pleasure and satisfaction [stay] their primary instincts while the ‘ normal ’ identification with the authoritarian father-figure enforcing codes of discipline has never occurred .

Meanwhile , ‘ the earoles ’ are the ‘ respectable ’ students who obey the rules , get the better jobs but remain low down in the schoolchildren 's own counter-culture .
meanwhile , ‘ the earoles ’ are the ‘ respectable ’ students who obey the rules , get the better jobs but [stay] low down in the schoolchildren 's own counter-culture .

The reasons for this have been widely discussed yet remain relatively obscure .
the reasons for this have been widely discussed yet [stay] relatively obscure .

This has the particular advantage of avoiding possible political problems that may have occurred if a more radical strategy had been adopted , because the workplace and working relationships will probably remain intact , although the roles of the employees in it may change .
this has the particular advantage of avoiding possible political problems that may have occurred if a more radical strategy had been adopted , because the workplace and working relationships will probably [stay] intact , although the roles of the employees in it may change .

The management team is also likely to remain the same .
the management team is also likely to [stay] the same .

The names of the proposer and seconder will not be published and will remain confidential to the scrutineers .
the names of the proposer and seconder will not be published and will [stay] confidential to the scrutineers .

He told the King that he would prefer MacDonald to remain in office in order to carry out the necessary programme of economies ; but that if he failed to carry enough of his colleagues with him , then the best alternative would be for MacDonald to head a National Government containing members of all three parties .
he told the king that he would prefer macdonald to [stay] in office in order to carry out the necessary programme of economies ; but that if he failed to carry enough of his colleagues with him , then the best alternative would be for macdonald to head a national government containing members of all three parties .

Then he gave way and agreed to remain Prime Minister , an eminence for which he professed no enthusiasm .
then he gave way and agreed to [stay] prime minister , an eminence for which he professed no enthusiasm .

However , no sooner was the intrigue launched than Baldwin killed it by the simple expedient of deciding to remain in office and meet Parliament .
however , no sooner was the intrigue launched than baldwin killed it by the simple expedient of deciding to [stay] in office and meet parliament .

‘ If the three party system is to remain , ’ he wrote gloomily , ‘ it is obvious that the question of coalitions in some shape or form has to be faced .
‘ if the three party system is to [stay] , ’ he wrote gloomily , ‘ it is obvious that the question of coalitions in some shape or form has to be faced .

You would imagine that people guilty of such terror would remain quiet and be thankful that they have escaped justice , but no .
you would imagine that people guilty of such terror would [stay] quiet and be thankful that they have escaped justice , but no .

While a canal was being built , ownership tended to remain with `` interested `` locals , and indeed , with operating profits as yet ungenerated , recourse was frequently had to local banks for short-term working capital — the Kennet and Avon had an overdraft of £60,000 in 1815 .
while a canal was being built , ownership tended to [stay] with `` interested `` locals , and indeed , with operating profits as yet ungenerated , recourse was frequently had to local banks for short-term working capital — the kennet and avon had an overdraft of £60,000 in 1815 .

Will anything remain ?
will anything [stay] ?

Or you could make under-curtains in a lighter , toning or contrasting fabric to pull backwards and forwards while the original curtains remain stationary .
or you could make under-curtains in a lighter , toning or contrasting fabric to pull backwards and forwards while the original curtains [stay] stationary .

Next stick strips of low-tack masking tape over the areas of background colour that you want to remain .
next stick strips of low-tack masking tape over the areas of background colour that you want to [stay] .

Do you think your present situation will remain static or are you likely to have children and more children ( their friends ) , guests and more guests to feed in the ensuing years ?
do you think your present situation will [stay] static or are you likely to have children and more children ( their friends ) , guests and more guests to feed in the ensuing years ?

Theda 's eyes remained closed as the lumbering stagecoach rumbled its way from Newark , where she had caught it outside the Saracen 's Head , to Ashby-de-la-Zouch , where it would remain for the night before proceeding to Stafford .
theda 's eyes remained closed as the lumbering stagecoach rumbled its way from newark , where she had caught it outside the saracen 's head , to ashby-de-la-zouch , where it would [stay] for the night before proceeding to stafford .

How could she remain here , see him again , and not die of shame at the memory ?
how could she [stay] here , see him again , and not die of shame at the memory ?

‘ Poor Lavinia is certainly past hope , and whether she ends by giving the property to Araminta or Benedict you can not possibly remain there .
‘ poor lavinia is certainly past hope , and whether she ends by giving the property to araminta or benedict you can not possibly [stay] there .

He was as hot against her as ever , and would probably remain so .
he was as hot against her as ever , and would probably [stay] so .

For instance , the intended subjects are boxes of plants which remain in place and do not change rapidly .
for instance , the intended subjects are boxes of plants which [stay] in place and do not change rapidly .

Robyn glanced around the room , surprised , interested , despite her resolution to remain aloof and unimpressed from now on .
robyn glanced around the room , surprised , interested , despite her resolution to [stay] aloof and unimpressed from now on .

Why then do externalities like congestion and pollution remain a problem ?
why then do externalities like congestion and pollution [stay] a problem ?

Where oligopolistic market structures remain it seems likely that some firms will resort to informal agreements and the other collusive devices examined in Chapter 10 .
where oligopolistic market structures [stay] it seems likely that some firms will resort to informal agreements and the other collusive devices examined in chapter 10 .

Some issues remain to be discussed , most notably the questions of whether some industries should be nationalized or whether existing public sector industries should be privatized .
some issues [stay] to be discussed , most notably the questions of whether some industries should be nationalized or whether existing public sector industries should be privatized .

‘ Why , that 's no great problem while we remain at the abbot 's lodging , since half of Shrewsbury and a good part of the shire goes in and out freely at the abbey , and you may ask an audience whenever you will , and always find yourself one of three or four , various enough to keep any man in countenance .
‘ why , that 's no great problem while we [stay] at the abbot 's lodging , since half of shrewsbury and a good part of the shire goes in and out freely at the abbey , and you may ask an audience whenever you will , and always find yourself one of three or four , various enough to keep any man in countenance .

‘ And if we remain stationary much longer the whole village will have it as fact .
‘ and if we [stay] stationary much longer the whole village will have it as fact .

It was very difficult to remain frosty in the face of someone 's desperate attempts to be friendly .
it was very difficult to [stay] frosty in the face of someone 's desperate attempts to be friendly .

This thought , combined with the hurt of his having forgotten her family so completely , helped her to remain calm .
this thought , combined with the hurt of his having forgotten her family so completely , helped her to [stay] calm .

She prefers to remain in her nest .
she prefers to [stay] in her nest .

The last of the line , and certain to remain so .
the last of the line , and certain to [stay] so .

The bar will remain open for another twenty minutes .
the bar will [stay] open for another twenty minutes .

She had been independent since childhood and hoped to remain so .
she had been independent since childhood and hoped to [stay] so .

She wanted so much to remain with him on the terms which had always existed between them , did not want the wealth and consequence of her real life to come between them before it needed to .
she wanted so much to [stay] with him on the terms which had always existed between them , did not want the wealth and consequence of her real life to come between them before it needed to .

As long as people are told that their own oral language skills are irrelevant then demystifying the particular demands of reading and writing is going to remain difficult .
as long as people are told that their own oral language skills are irrelevant then demystifying the particular demands of reading and writing is going to [stay] difficult .

But there remain other theories .
but there [stay] other theories .

The apple-picking season ended in April but the pickers remain because they have no money to leave and there is no work anyway .
the apple-picking season ended in april but the pickers [stay] because they have no money to leave and there is no work anyway .

Chinese parents do , of course , shower love and attention on their children but it is always made quite clear that child's-play has to remain well within the limits of normal social behaviour .
chinese parents do , of course , shower love and attention on their children but it is always made quite clear that child's-play has to [stay] well within the limits of normal social behaviour .

Until peace comes to the Gulf , it will remain a society struggling to survive .
until peace comes to the gulf , it will [stay] a society struggling to survive .

An ‘ election ’ in Chile asks simply whether General Pinochet should remain as President .
an ‘ election ’ in chile asks simply whether general pinochet should [stay] as president .

If this argument sticks — and it looks like it might — the only innovations that will remain unprotected will be those made by the rural poor in Africa , Asia and Latin America .
if this argument sticks — and it looks like it might — the only innovations that will [stay] unprotected will be those made by the rural poor in africa , asia and latin america .

‘ We have to cut costs or we wo n't be able to remain competitive .
‘ we have to cut costs or we wo n't be able to [stay] competitive .

That produced a form of waste that was hot , highly toxic , radioactive ; that will remain dangerous for hundreds of years and that no-one has yet thought of a way of disposing of ?
that produced a form of waste that was hot , highly toxic , radioactive ; that will [stay] dangerous for hundreds of years and that no-one has yet thought of a way of disposing of ?

The final vision is of a world in which the concept of illness would remain but would not be fixed in firm categories assumed to be universal .
the final vision is of a world in which the concept of illness would [stay] but would not be fixed in firm categories assumed to be universal .

Today ex-colonies remain locked into these impoverishing patterns of land-use , and borrowing money is often their only way to survive .
today ex-colonies [stay] locked into these impoverishing patterns of land-use , and borrowing money is often their only way to survive .

Today many Third World countries remain dependent on selling their commodities to the West .
today many third world countries [stay] dependent on selling their commodities to the west .

Radioactive elements remain in our bodies for a long time .
radioactive elements [stay] in our bodies for a long time .

The villagers remain suspicious of the military .
the villagers [stay] suspicious of the military .

Women , especially married women , have increasingly desired to return to work and remain there by having a break to give birth .
women , especially married women , have increasingly desired to return to work and [stay] there by having a break to give birth .

The report showed that there had been many changes and improvements since 1986 , but that some deficiencies remain .
the report showed that there had been many changes and improvements since 1986 , but that some deficiencies [stay] .

Will he understand that had he wished , as his statement claimed , to remain within the law , his proper course would have been to accept the court 's ruling and then appeal , not to flout the court 's judgment ?
will he understand that had he wished , as his statement claimed , to [stay] within the law , his proper course would have been to accept the court 's ruling and then appeal , not to flout the court 's judgment ?

Is the Home Secretary aware that his decision of 2 May put that Zairean teacher in an extremely dangerous and vulnerable position , and that it is not the first time that his Department has deported people in the face of a court decision that they should remain in this country ? Does he agree that it is now essential that he withdraw the Asylum Bill now under consideration and instead institute a proper system of legal appeal that gives automatic rights of appeal to political asylum seekers and does not leave them at the mercy of his erroneous decisions ?
is the home secretary aware that his decision of 2 may put that zairean teacher in an extremely dangerous and vulnerable position , and that it is not the first time that his department has deported people in the face of a court decision that they should [stay] in this country ? does he agree that it is now essential that he withdraw the asylum bill now under consideration and instead institute a proper system of legal appeal that gives automatic rights of appeal to political asylum seekers and does not leave them at the mercy of his erroneous decisions ?

Friend 's resignation , while the shadow Home Secretary was demanding that he remain .
friend 's resignation , while the shadow home secretary was demanding that he [stay] .

Of the seven remaining , five were then demolished and the two that remain are now under threat .
of the seven remaining , five were then demolished and the two that [stay] are now under threat .

The construction industry 's authority should remain a statutory body while the Engineering Training Authority should be allowed to take over the functions of the old engineering industry training board .
the construction industry 's authority should [stay] a statutory body while the engineering training authority should be allowed to take over the functions of the old engineering industry training board .

Is my right hon. Friend aware that in Ayrshire we are extremely proud of the new hospital which was built from start to finish within five years , a record for anywhere in the country ? We expect it to produce even better services in the future . Will my right hon. Friend confirm that his announcement today means that the hospital will be under more local management than it was ? Will he confirm also that it will remain entirely within the national health service and that anyone who needs treatment will get it , as now , free of charge ?
is my right hon. friend aware that in ayrshire we are extremely proud of the new hospital which was built from start to finish within five years , a record for anywhere in the country ? we expect it to produce even better services in the future . will my right hon. friend confirm that his announcement today means that the hospital will be under more local management than it was ? will he confirm also that it will [stay] entirely within the national health service and that anyone who needs treatment will get it , as now , free of charge ?

The answer is that the ownership will remain the same .
the answer is that the ownership will [stay] the same .

Apparently , 15 and 16-year-olds have to remain in prison while the Home Office argues with the Department of Health over what is to happen to them .
apparently , 15 and 16-year-olds have to [stay] in prison while the home office argues with the department of health over what is to happen to them .

For most juveniles who steal cars and engage in ’ hotting ’ , the maximum penalty will remain a six-month custodial sentence — although , as my right hon .
for most juveniles who steal cars and engage in ’ hotting ’ , the maximum penalty will [stay] a six-month custodial sentence — although , as my right hon .

We welcome the Government 's commitment to keeping finance and income support levels under review ; the Committee will examine the position from time to time , and ensure that the levels remain reasonable .
we welcome the government 's commitment to keeping finance and income support levels under review ; the committee will examine the position from time to time , and ensure that the levels [stay] reasonable .

The Prime Minister has said that the Maastricht settlement is game , set and match to Britain . Quite apart from the inappropriate Chamberlainesque triumphalism , how can it be game , set and match to Britain if the Government have decided to opt out of future social developments and remain undecided about a single European currency ?
the prime minister has said that the maastricht settlement is game , set and match to britain . quite apart from the inappropriate chamberlainesque triumphalism , how can it be game , set and match to britain if the government have decided to opt out of future social developments and [stay] undecided about a single european currency ?

That is why it is so important that we provide challenging and interesting roles to make those senior people keen to remain .
that is why it is so important that we provide challenging and interesting roles to make those senior people keen to [stay] .

We all agree that small stores are important , but they can remain viable only if they can carry out their trading on Sundays .
we all agree that small stores are important , but they can [stay] viable only if they can carry out their trading on sundays .

Only 39,000 remain .
only 39,000 [stay] .

Nothing less than the aim of a full conglomeration of the living and working conditions of all European Community citizens — who will remain patriotic citizens of their own member states — will satisfy most citizens and electors in the various countries as their own national elections occur and as the European Parliament elections occur .
nothing less than the aim of a full conglomeration of the living and working conditions of all european community citizens — who will [stay] patriotic citizens of their own member states — will satisfy most citizens and electors in the various countries as their own national elections occur and as the european parliament elections occur .

We welcome the Government 's express commitment to ring-fence the funds that the regional health authorities will administer but we remain concerned about how long that will last .
we welcome the government 's express commitment to ring-fence the funds that the regional health authorities will administer but we [stay] concerned about how long that will last .

If the Minister believes that education in nursing is a vital investment in the profession and the nation , she will ensure that those funds remain for education only and will strengthen the Government 's commitment to ring fencing .
if the minister believes that education in nursing is a vital investment in the profession and the nation , she will ensure that those funds [stay] for education only and will strengthen the government 's commitment to ring fencing .

Mr. Ian Hunter , Secretary General of the Association of Optometrists , wrote in reply to the Minister 's letter : ’ To restart national health service eye examinations for the over 60s would now cost about £25 million but the cost for not doing so will be two or three times as much because eye disease will remain undetected until treatment is less effective and more expensive .
mr. ian hunter , secretary general of the association of optometrists , wrote in reply to the minister 's letter : ’ to restart national health service eye examinations for the over 60s would now cost about £25 million but the cost for not doing so will be two or three times as much because eye disease will [stay] undetected until treatment is less effective and more expensive .

Dedicated data circuits and private circuits , primarily used by large businesses , remain outside the scope of the Bill .
dedicated data circuits and private circuits , primarily used by large businesses , [stay] outside the scope of the bill .

If we had stuck with the fair rates policy the vast majority of people in Britain might have been able to bear that price and public services would remain public services , not sacrificial lambs on the altar of the ideology of the Conservative party .
if we had stuck with the fair rates policy the vast majority of people in britain might have been able to bear that price and public services would [stay] public services , not sacrificial lambs on the altar of the ideology of the conservative party .

It said : ’ Local authorities , like central Government , should become enablers rather than providers Compulsory competitive tendering should be progressively phased out and replaced by compulsory private tendering Only public health , civil defence and local amenities need to remain an integral part of local government .
it said : ’ local authorities , like central government , should become enablers rather than providers compulsory competitive tendering should be progressively phased out and replaced by compulsory private tendering only public health , civil defence and local amenities need to [stay] an integral part of local government .

Why does the system in Northern Ireland remain isolated with no connection to any other system , with all the technical and economic disadvantages which that entails and which the hon .
why does the system in northern ireland [stay] isolated with no connection to any other system , with all the technical and economic disadvantages which that entails and which the hon .

Obviously , the council would exist to carry out functions on behalf of the Secretary of State , but the duty would remain with the Secretary of State .
obviously , the council would exist to carry out functions on behalf of the secretary of state , but the duty would [stay] with the secretary of state .

Accountability will remain in this place because the Secretary of State will be accountable to the House for the exercise of his duties in the provision of further education .
accountability will [stay] in this place because the secretary of state will be accountable to the house for the exercise of his duties in the provision of further education .

There remain concerns that academic freedom is not as entrenched as it should be .
there [stay] concerns that academic freedom is not as entrenched as it should be .

‘ And cooked by an expert , ’ she smiled , trying to remain calm .
‘ and cooked by an expert , ’ she smiled , trying to [stay] calm .

The action took her by surprise , and at first she told herself to remain calm and to take the kiss in the spirit it was being given , which was merely a making up between friends after cross words .
the action took her by surprise , and at first she told herself to [stay] calm and to take the kiss in the spirit it was being given , which was merely a making up between friends after cross words .

She made no attempt to conceal her surprise , her eyes widening slightly as she said , ‘ You mean you think he should remain a bachelor — all his life ? ’
she made no attempt to conceal her surprise , her eyes widening slightly as she said , ‘ you mean you think he should [stay] a bachelor — all his life ? ’

She hesitated while searching for an answer that would not betray the fact that she longed to remain in Stella 's place but that she feared for her own emotional state .
she hesitated while searching for an answer that would not betray the fact that she longed to [stay] in stella 's place but that she feared for her own emotional state .

Lucy felt startled , but forced herself to remain calm .
lucy felt startled , but forced herself to [stay] calm .

Silas , she felt certain , was a man who would love only one woman , so it was natural that his affections would remain with Doreen .
silas , she felt certain , was a man who would love only one woman , so it was natural that his affections would [stay] with doreen .

‘ Yes — but my father 's will makes it clear he wished her to remain here , and , as you know , she has no desire to move . ’
‘ yes — but my father 's will makes it clear he wished her to [stay] here , and , as you know , she has no desire to move . ’

She 'd have no further excuse to remain , and even her reason for going there had now been achieved .
she 'd have no further excuse to [stay] , and even her reason for going there had now been achieved .

She glared at him , but decided to remain silent .
she glared at him , but decided to [stay] silent .

At such moments it was difficult to remain calm , but she forced herself to concentrate on the figures until eventually the task was finished .
at such moments it was difficult to [stay] calm , but she forced herself to concentrate on the figures until eventually the task was finished .

‘ Mine has been buried beneath your determination to remain free of the female species . ’
‘ mine has been buried beneath your determination to [stay] free of the female species . ’

Many of those who are now on the Opposition Front Bench were deeply ashamed of that at the time and remain deeply ashamed of it .
many of those who are now on the opposition front bench were deeply ashamed of that at the time and [stay] deeply ashamed of it .

That is our policy and will remain so .
that is our policy and will [stay] so .

Why is the Secretary of State so contemptuous of the evidence about student hardship when it comes from sources such as the citizens advice bureaux and from scores of cases sent to him by hon. Members on both sides of the House ? Does the Secretary of State recognise that the access funds are in no sense a substitute for student eligibility for social security and for vacation hardship allowance and that mature students in particular have been plunged into severe hardship by the Government 's policies ? In the light of that , will he reconsider the abolition of vacation hardship allowance , especially as it was abolished in clear breach of undertakings given in the House that it would remain as a safety net following the abolition of social security provision ?
why is the secretary of state so contemptuous of the evidence about student hardship when it comes from sources such as the citizens advice bureaux and from scores of cases sent to him by hon. members on both sides of the house ? does the secretary of state recognise that the access funds are in no sense a substitute for student eligibility for social security and for vacation hardship allowance and that mature students in particular have been plunged into severe hardship by the government 's policies ? in the light of that , will he reconsider the abolition of vacation hardship allowance , especially as it was abolished in clear breach of undertakings given in the house that it would [stay] as a safety net following the abolition of social security provision ?

We propose to remain within the centre of the Community , framing the future of the Community in the interests of the United Kingdom and the rest of Europe .
we propose to [stay] within the centre of the community , framing the future of the community in the interests of the united kingdom and the rest of europe .

Friend knows , the Government remain fully committed to the union — a point which is well recognised in Scotland .
friend knows , the government [stay] fully committed to the union — a point which is well recognised in scotland .

The need for Government action to ensure that sufficient ships remain on the British register to meet defence needs is under consideration .
the need for government action to ensure that sufficient ships [stay] on the british register to meet defence needs is under consideration .

To ask the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry what recent representations he has received from business men about the need for the United Kingdom to remain a receptive and attractive base for inward investment .
to ask the secretary of state for trade and industry what recent representations he has received from business men about the need for the united kingdom to [stay] a receptive and attractive base for inward investment .

Does not business investment , of which manufacturing investment is a part , remain extremely high ? Is not it higher today than throughout the 1970s and the first half of the 1980s ?
does not business investment , of which manufacturing investment is a part , [stay] extremely high ? is not it higher today than throughout the 1970s and the first half of the 1980s ?

Long may it remain so .
long may it [stay] so .

These estimates confirm that the United Kingdom will remain an important oil producer .
these estimates confirm that the united kingdom will [stay] an important oil producer .

Do not the figures reveal that those independent oil analysts who , in the early and middle 1980s , forecast a substantial depletion of United Kingdom resources in the early 1990s got it wrong ? Is not the position that the United Kingdom will remain a very substantial oil producer until well into the next century ?
do not the figures reveal that those independent oil analysts who , in the early and middle 1980s , forecast a substantial depletion of united kingdom resources in the early 1990s got it wrong ? is not the position that the united kingdom will [stay] a very substantial oil producer until well into the next century ?

The Government remain entirely committed to bringing terrorism to an end through the vigorous and impartial actions of the police and the Army .
the government [stay] entirely committed to bringing terrorism to an end through the vigorous and impartial actions of the police and the army .

My right hon. and learned Friend the Attorney-General has made it clear that the law is not suspended and therefore it would remain a matter for local authorities if they wished to bring actions .
my right hon. and learned friend the attorney-general has made it clear that the law is not suspended and therefore it would [stay] a matter for local authorities if they wished to bring actions .

This will remain outside Community competence and therefore a matter for intergovernmental co-operation , with all substantive decisions being made by unanimity .
this will [stay] outside community competence and therefore a matter for intergovernmental co-operation , with all substantive decisions being made by unanimity .

That detachment must surely remain while the murderous fatwa inflicted upon Mr. Salman Rushdie remains in place .
that detachment must surely [stay] while the murderous fatwa inflicted upon mr. salman rushdie remains in place .

The Republic of Russia will probably seek to remain a nuclear state , but there is a reasonable prospect that the other three republics — Kazakhstan , Byelorussia and Ukraine — will be prepared to accept non-nuclear status .
the republic of russia will probably seek to [stay] a nuclear state , but there is a reasonable prospect that the other three republics — kazakhstan , byelorussia and ukraine — will be prepared to accept non-nuclear status .

That is our position and that is where we remain .
that is our position and that is where we [stay] .

Gentleman aware that six local people have had to go private to avoid waiting and 40 remain on the waiting list with no prospect of being considered until the next financial year ?
gentleman aware that six local people have had to go private to avoid waiting and 40 [stay] on the waiting list with no prospect of being considered until the next financial year ?

For the present , there remain great differences between the groups .
for the present , there [stay] great differences between the groups .

Is it not by now abundantly obvious to everyone that those organisations that remain implacably opposed to Sunday trading will never agree to any compromise solution to the problem that could be laid before the House and command widespread support ? Has not the time come for the Government to commit themselves unequivocally to legislate in the next Parliament so that those who wish to shop on Sunday and exercise their free choice to do so are enabled to do so by total deregulation of the law ?
is it not by now abundantly obvious to everyone that those organisations that [stay] implacably opposed to sunday trading will never agree to any compromise solution to the problem that could be laid before the house and command widespread support ? has not the time come for the government to commit themselves unequivocally to legislate in the next parliament so that those who wish to shop on sunday and exercise their free choice to do so are enabled to do so by total deregulation of the law ?

The Government remain committed to the Anglo-Irish Agreement unless and until agreement can be reached on new and more broadly satisfactory arrangements .
the government [stay] committed to the anglo-irish agreement unless and until agreement can be reached on new and more broadly satisfactory arrangements .

Is my right hon. Friend aware that , since these bodies remain within the civil service , some of us feel that executive agencies are neither fish nor fowl nor good red herring ? Will he see what can be done to improve parliamentary accountability for the agencies because , in particular since they are responsible to the Public Accounts Committee , Ministers should be prepared to answer questions about them ?
is my right hon. friend aware that , since these bodies [stay] within the civil service , some of us feel that executive agencies are neither fish nor fowl nor good red herring ? will he see what can be done to improve parliamentary accountability for the agencies because , in particular since they are responsible to the public accounts committee , ministers should be prepared to answer questions about them ?

By definition , the weapon has not been discarded , as it will remain on the statute book , with the renewal of the order , in terms of the life of the statute .
by definition , the weapon has not been discarded , as it will [stay] on the statute book , with the renewal of the order , in terms of the life of the statute .

Our concern now is how good those controls remain , given that the situation is moving from union control — the Soviet Union — to control by individual republics .
our concern now is how good those controls [stay] , given that the situation is moving from union control — the soviet union — to control by individual republics .

Does my hon. Friend agree that the Islander aircraft have established a reputation as the Rolls-Royce of the skies , being virtually indestructible and operating in one of the most hostile environments in the world ? Is not that a tribute to the Islander designers and the engineers who built them ? Will my hon. Friend assure the House that they will remain in service for many years to come , unlike the scenario if the Liberal Democrats were ever to implement their 50 per cent . cut in our defence forces ?
does my hon. friend agree that the islander aircraft have established a reputation as the rolls-royce of the skies , being virtually indestructible and operating in one of the most hostile environments in the world ? is not that a tribute to the islander designers and the engineers who built them ? will my hon. friend assure the house that they will [stay] in service for many years to come , unlike the scenario if the liberal democrats were ever to implement their 50 per cent . cut in our defence forces ?

We remain committed to that .
we [stay] committed to that .

Will my hon. Friend confirm that safety regulations for buses remain the same whether the services are deregulated or regulated ? Will he confirm also that the regulations are entirely independent of the industry ?
will my hon. friend confirm that safety regulations for buses [stay] the same whether the services are deregulated or regulated ? will he confirm also that the regulations are entirely independent of the industry ?

Nevertheless instability and other risks remain in Europe and elsewhere , and substantial and effective nuclear and conventional forces will be maintained .
nevertheless instability and other risks [stay] in europe and elsewhere , and substantial and effective nuclear and conventional forces will be maintained .

This country is in the first rank of the European Community and will remain so .
this country is in the first rank of the european community and will [stay] so .

It is right that in the negotiations , which must remain confidential , they should seek to prevent us from going too far too soon .
it is right that in the negotiations , which must [stay] confidential , they should seek to prevent us from going too far too soon .

The arrangements remain the same for special needs .
the arrangements [stay] the same for special needs .

We met people who remain stunned and bewildered , like victims after some great natural disaster .
we met people who [stay] stunned and bewildered , like victims after some great natural disaster .

The standard spending assessments , which will remain , will lead to further capping and difficulties for many authorities .
the standard spending assessments , which will [stay] , will lead to further capping and difficulties for many authorities .

Imagine what would happen if Britain sought to remain outside a single currency and European monetary union .
imagine what would happen if britain sought to [stay] outside a single currency and european monetary union .

He commented rather wryly : ’ Whether or not the delay of almost 6 months was procrastination must remain a matter of opinion .
he commented rather wryly : ’ whether or not the delay of almost 6 months was procrastination must [stay] a matter of opinion .

The Government remain of the view that the educational establishments are well placed to assess the financial needs and priorities of their students .
the government [stay] of the view that the educational establishments are well placed to assess the financial needs and priorities of their students .

If an asylum claim that is not justified under the United Nations convention is to be the means of obtaining settlement in the United Kingdom , we need at the very least to explain , particularly to the minority communities legitimately settled here , why their friends and relatives who would like to come and join them are not allowed to do so because they told the truth when they made their applications , whereas others who are prepared to make an unfounded asylum claim can remain indefinitely .
if an asylum claim that is not justified under the united nations convention is to be the means of obtaining settlement in the united kingdom , we need at the very least to explain , particularly to the minority communities legitimately settled here , why their friends and relatives who would like to come and join them are not allowed to do so because they told the truth when they made their applications , whereas others who are prepared to make an unfounded asylum claim can [stay] indefinitely .

Many of those people remain dependent on officials in the Department .
many of those people [stay] dependent on officials in the department .

Without facing at least some of those hard choices , Labour 's promises remain , quite simply , empty phrases .
without facing at least some of those hard choices , labour 's promises [stay] , quite simply , empty phrases .

My right hon. Friend the Secretary of State and my hon. Friend the Minister have achieved in the Bill a delicate balance between encouragement of the private utilities so that they remain profitable and strengthening consumer interests , without excessive bureaucracy .
my right hon. friend the secretary of state and my hon. friend the minister have achieved in the bill a delicate balance between encouragement of the private utilities so that they [stay] profitable and strengthening consumer interests , without excessive bureaucracy .

In the 20 negotiating days that remain before Maastricht , the Prime Minister must work for a treaty that will serve the best interests of Britain , and in doing so serve the wider interests of the Community .
in the 20 negotiating days that [stay] before maastricht , the prime minister must work for a treaty that will serve the best interests of britain , and in doing so serve the wider interests of the community .

The answer is straightforward : the exchange-rate mechanism would continue , run by the enlarged chamber of governors , and all currencies that were not in stage three could remain in the exchange-rate mechanism or outside it , depending on what they chose .
the answer is straightforward : the exchange-rate mechanism would continue , run by the enlarged chamber of governors , and all currencies that were not in stage three could [stay] in the exchange-rate mechanism or outside it , depending on what they chose .

They know that , if Britain is really to remain at the heart of Europe , we must sign — if not at Maastricht , then soon after .
they know that , if britain is really to [stay] at the heart of europe , we must sign — if not at maastricht , then soon after .

Despite the imminent withdrawal of American nuclear weapons from South Korea , which fulfils the principal North Korean demand for the unobstructed inspection of its facilities , North Korea appears to remain committed to developing a weapon of its own .
despite the imminent withdrawal of american nuclear weapons from south korea , which fulfils the principal north korean demand for the unobstructed inspection of its facilities , north korea appears to [stay] committed to developing a weapon of its own .

Therefore , they remain outside the treaty 's remit and safeguards , weak though they may be .
therefore , they [stay] outside the treaty 's remit and safeguards , weak though they may be .

Those drawers in Conservative party headquarters marked ’ Labour and defence ’ will be opened and their contents taken out to try to undermine Labour at the next general election , but such aspirations will remain unrealised .
those drawers in conservative party headquarters marked ’ labour and defence ’ will be opened and their contents taken out to try to undermine labour at the next general election , but such aspirations will [stay] unrealised .

And even if Robbie decided to remain independent , she would visit her family … knowing that Fen was only a stone 's throw away — with his wife .
and even if robbie decided to [stay] independent , she would visit her family … knowing that fen was only a stone 's throw away — with his wife .

and they remain , stepped down from the platform side to the railway side .
and they [stay] , stepped down from the platform side to the railway side .

The Kitson-Meyers were particularly useful on the difficult Andean lines of South America , where one or two remain .
the kitson-meyers were particularly useful on the difficult andean lines of south america , where one or two [stay] .

This can be viewed as a familiar meditation on the theme of constancy and inconstancy between lovers , the reader being granted a glimpse into a private world whose terms of precise reference remain unknown .
this can be viewed as a familiar meditation on the theme of constancy and inconstancy between lovers , the reader being granted a glimpse into a private world whose terms of precise reference [stay] unknown .

Where savagery is allowed to remain it is not static but works to corrupt the civilised .
where savagery is allowed to [stay] it is not static but works to corrupt the civilised .

By way of exception , goods in the following four categories are not returnable and the customer will remain liable to pay for them ( and for the provision of any services in connection with their supply ) :
by way of exception , goods in the following four categories are not returnable and the customer will [stay] liable to pay for them ( and for the provision of any services in connection with their supply ) :

’ From these , it is clear that a buyer can be owner of the goods even though he has not paid for them and even though they remain in the seller 's possession .
’ from these , it is clear that a buyer can be owner of the goods even though he has not paid for them and even though they [stay] in the seller 's possession .

Thus if a seller entrusts identified and appropriated goods to a carrier with instructions that they be conveyed to the buyer but not handed over until the buyer has paid , the goods will remain the seller 's property until the buyer pays for them .
thus if a seller entrusts identified and appropriated goods to a carrier with instructions that they be conveyed to the buyer but not handed over until the buyer has paid , the goods will [stay] the seller 's property until the buyer pays for them .

The second part dealt with mixed foil and stated that the ownership of the sellers would transfer from the foil used in the manufacture to the finished products and that these would remain the property of the sellers until full payment had been made to them .
the second part dealt with mixed foil and stated that the ownership of the sellers would transfer from the foil used in the manufacture to the finished products and that these would [stay] the property of the sellers until full payment had been made to them .

handbags ) should also be and remain with the sellers .
handbags ) should also be and [stay] with the sellers .

Thus if the buyer goes into liquidation before fully paying for the goods , any of the goods which have not been re-sold by the buyer and which remain unmixed will belong to the seller .
thus if the buyer goes into liquidation before fully paying for the goods , any of the goods which have not been re-sold by the buyer and which [stay] unmixed will belong to the seller .

Its effect will be that even if property passes earlier to the buyer , the goods will remain at the seller 's risk until their arrival .
its effect will be that even if property passes earlier to the buyer , the goods will [stay] at the seller 's risk until their arrival .

It is a matter of examining the contract to see whether the parties intended it to remain valid even if the goods were not in existence or had perished .
it is a matter of examining the contract to see whether the parties intended it to [stay] valid even if the goods were not in existence or had perished .

If after expiry of the notice the goods remain uncollected and the right of the sale is duly exercised , the purchaser will obtain good title as against the bailor .
if after expiry of the notice the goods [stay] uncollected and the right of the sale is duly exercised , the purchaser will obtain good title as against the bailor .

( a ) the goods are free , and will remain free until the time when the property is to pass , from any charge or encumbrance not disclosed or known to the buyer before the contract is made , and
( a ) the goods are free , and will [stay] free until the time when the property is to pass , from any charge or encumbrance not disclosed or known to the buyer before the contract is made , and

There remain seven trains a day in and out of Pwllheli .
there [stay] seven trains a day in and out of pwllheli .

’ The tone was like a knife , severing any tenuous bond that might remain between them .
’ the tone was like a knife , severing any tenuous bond that might [stay] between them .

But in the circumstances it seemed better to remain silent , particularly with Rohan Saint Yves marching grimly at her shoulder like some gaoler .
but in the circumstances it seemed better to [stay] silent , particularly with rohan saint yves marching grimly at her shoulder like some gaoler .

It seemed impossible that she could have fallen in love so swiftly and completely , especially when she 'd managed to remain heart-whole quite effortlessly all this time .
it seemed impossible that she could have fallen in love so swiftly and completely , especially when she 'd managed to [stay] heart-whole quite effortlessly all this time .

It was also important to remain calm , and not reveal how unnerving she found this confrontation .
it was also important to [stay] calm , and not reveal how unnerving she found this confrontation .

‘ She said she had known for some time that she and Fabien could not remain at La Tour Monchauzet after their marriage — that they had been talking together about moving away — of going , perhaps , as far as Australia or California and starting a totally new life .
‘ she said she had known for some time that she and fabien could not [stay] at la tour monchauzet after their marriage — that they had been talking together about moving away — of going , perhaps , as far as australia or california and starting a totally new life .

But since this sudden , amazing improvement in the Baron 's health there was no reason for him to remain .
but since this sudden , amazing improvement in the baron 's health there was no reason for him to [stay] .

The artifacts remain in the National Collection , but Mr Hopkin informed us that if successful with our application then we will retain them for ten- year periods .
the artifacts [stay] in the national collection , but mr hopkin informed us that if successful with our application then we will retain them for ten- year periods .

It is to be assumed that the general circumstances of the market remain unchanged throughout this period ; that there is , for instance , no change in fashion or taste , no new substitute which might affect the demand , no new invention to disturb the supply .
it is to be assumed that the general circumstances of the market [stay] unchanged throughout this period ; that there is , for instance , no change in fashion or taste , no new substitute which might affect the demand , no new invention to disturb the supply .

For indeed the demand and supply schedules do not in practice remain unchanged for a long time together , but are constantly being changed ; and every change in them alters the equilibrium amount and the equilibrium price , and thus gives new positions to the centres about which the amount and the price tend to oscillate .
for indeed the demand and supply schedules do not in practice [stay] unchanged for a long time together , but are constantly being changed ; and every change in them alters the equilibrium amount and the equilibrium price , and thus gives new positions to the centres about which the amount and the price tend to oscillate .

This state obtains its name from the fact that in it the general conditions of production and consumption , of distribution and exchange remain motionless ; but yet it is full of movement ; for it is a mode of life .
this state obtains its name from the fact that in it the general conditions of production and consumption , of distribution and exchange [stay] motionless ; but yet it is full of movement ; for it is a mode of life .

For in such a state by far the most important conditions of production and consumption , of exchange and distribution will remain of the same quality , and in the same general relations to one another , though they are all increasing in volume .
for in such a state by far the most important conditions of production and consumption , of exchange and distribution will [stay] of the same quality , and in the same general relations to one another , though they are all increasing in volume .

Decentralization and democracy , local participation and negotiation , are all very much in vogue in models of contemporary socialist planning … and they remain in vogue because of a continuing recognition of the strengths , as well as the weaknesses of economic planning .
decentralization and democracy , local participation and negotiation , are all very much in vogue in models of contemporary socialist planning … and they [stay] in vogue because of a continuing recognition of the strengths , as well as the weaknesses of economic planning .

They remain certain that planning , when in the proper hands and organized in a proper way , can bring a degree of social responsibility , security of conditions , and avoidance of waste and duplication , that no market system of atomized competitive production units can ever hope to achieve .
they [stay] certain that planning , when in the proper hands and organized in a proper way , can bring a degree of social responsibility , security of conditions , and avoidance of waste and duplication , that no market system of atomized competitive production units can ever hope to achieve .

The process will still remain an essentially entrepreneurial one , but instead of working with a group of ‘ pure ’ entrepreneurs , we could simply recognize an entrepreneurial aspect to the activities of each market participant .
the process will still [stay] an essentially entrepreneurial one , but instead of working with a group of ‘ pure ’ entrepreneurs , we could simply recognize an entrepreneurial aspect to the activities of each market participant .

When 1992 is finally accomplished , what will be the nature of the Community 's relationship with the rest of the world ? [ … ] Will the ‘ Twelve ’ have established a relatively open trading relationship with the rest of the world or will it , accepting that a common external tariff will remain , have gone the opposite way and created a protectionist Europe what is often referred to as Fortress Europe ?
when 1992 is finally accomplished , what will be the nature of the community 's relationship with the rest of the world ? [ … ] will the ‘ twelve ’ have established a relatively open trading relationship with the rest of the world or will it , accepting that a common external tariff will [stay] , have gone the opposite way and created a protectionist europe what is often referred to as fortress europe ?

The answer is that managerial hierarchy is and will remain the only way to structure unified working systems with hundreds , thousands or tens of thousands of employees , for the very good reason that managerial hierarchy is the expression of two fundamental characteristics of real work .
the answer is that managerial hierarchy is and will [stay] the only way to structure unified working systems with hundreds , thousands or tens of thousands of employees , for the very good reason that managerial hierarchy is the expression of two fundamental characteristics of real work .

Many potentially valuable programs remain unused and unexploited .
many potentially valuable programs [stay] unused and unexploited .

Even in the case of smoking where some success has been achieved in persuading the public that smoking is undesirable , the reasons for success remain largely obscure .
even in the case of smoking where some success has been achieved in persuading the public that smoking is undesirable , the reasons for success [stay] largely obscure .

Although experimental aesthetics has been an active field of research in psychology for more than a century , many interesting questions remain unanswered .
although experimental aesthetics has been an active field of research in psychology for more than a century , many interesting questions [stay] unanswered .

Many questions about emotions remain unanswered , such as , why are some people unhappy whilst others in similar circumstances are happy ?
many questions about emotions [stay] unanswered , such as , why are some people unhappy whilst others in similar circumstances are happy ?

Most animals remain largely shy .
most animals [stay] largely shy .

Caersws station , Llanidloes road level crossing and one crossing up near Criccieth remain semaphore operated ; Machynlleth new station plus staff facilities very nice — old station disintegrating ; Aberystwyth station yard tidied up after several interesting fires but station is on the whole hardly inspiring and platform staff have been working under considerable uncertainty about their futures .
caersws station , llanidloes road level crossing and one crossing up near criccieth [stay] semaphore operated ; machynlleth new station plus staff facilities very nice — old station disintegrating ; aberystwyth station yard tidied up after several interesting fires but station is on the whole hardly inspiring and platform staff have been working under considerable uncertainty about their futures .

Some stretches are lost , but one or attractive embankments and cuttings remain .
some stretches are lost , but one or attractive embankments and cuttings [stay] .

No one could say for sure if Robert of Gloucester would support Stephen , or if he would remain in Normandy to throw the considerable weight of his position , wealth and experience behind his half-sister .
no one could say for sure if robert of gloucester would support stephen , or if he would [stay] in normandy to throw the considerable weight of his position , wealth and experience behind his half-sister .

‘ In that case , are you freely acknowledging that Stephen should remain King , madam ?
‘ in that case , are you freely acknowledging that stephen should [stay] king , madam ?

How did he manage to ruin all her fine resolutions to remain cool and distant ?
how did he manage to ruin all her fine resolutions to [stay] cool and distant ?

‘ Please , ’ she whispered , forcing herself not to struggle , hardly breathing in her attempt to remain still .
‘ please , ’ she whispered , forcing herself not to struggle , hardly breathing in her attempt to [stay] still .

If she were n't so tired she would be angry with him , except that it was difficult to remain angry with a man who had saved her life .
if she were n't so tired she would be angry with him , except that it was difficult to [stay] angry with a man who had saved her life .

No , she could n't remain angry with fitzAlan .
no , she could n't [stay] angry with fitzalan .

And she was supposed to remain inconspicuous .
and she was supposed to [stay] inconspicuous .

It was a simple piece of equipment that could be plugged into an ordinary power socket , and Faye had been happy to remain where she was .
it was a simple piece of equipment that could be plugged into an ordinary power socket , and faye had been happy to [stay] where she was .

She had returned to bed and Belinda could see that she was making an enormous effort to remain calm .
she had returned to bed and belinda could see that she was making an enormous effort to [stay] calm .

All collections alter over time ; in order to remain effective , the classification device must evolve in keeping with the development of the collection .
all collections alter over time ; in order to [stay] effective , the classification device must evolve in keeping with the development of the collection .

Any scheme which attempts to remain stable over an extended time period will in some sense be a compromise .
any scheme which attempts to [stay] stable over an extended time period will in some sense be a compromise .

Although revision is necessary so that the schedules remain suitable for classifying new literature , it must be remembered that there is a gulf between publishing the schedules in an updated form and applying them . When new schedules are made available to an organization using a classification scheme , it has three options :
although revision is necessary so that the schedules [stay] suitable for classifying new literature , it must be remembered that there is a gulf between publishing the schedules in an updated form and applying them . when new schedules are made available to an organization using a classification scheme , it has three options :

Dewey recognized that extensive reclassification was unpopular and that a classification scheme needed to remain relatively stable from one edition to the next .
dewey recognized that extensive reclassification was unpopular and that a classification scheme needed to [stay] relatively stable from one edition to the next .

In its pure form a listing of all the terms in such a language will only remain current until the next batch of documents is added to the system .
in its pure form a listing of all the terms in such a language will only [stay] current until the next batch of documents is added to the system .

The world political order has also undergone a change with the disappearance of empires , even though various forms of more or less onerous political dependence and subordination remain .
the world political order has also undergone a change with the disappearance of empires , even though various forms of more or less onerous political dependence and subordination [stay] .

There is a suggestion of such an approach in Marx 's briefly sketched political theory , not only in his early criticism of Hegel 's philosophy of the state as revealing the ‘ imperfection of the modern state ’ , its representation of an ‘ illusory general interest ’ as against a real general interest , but also in the later Critique of the Gotha Programme ( 1875 ) , where he poses , but does not answer , the question ‘ what transformation will the state undergo in communist society … what social functions will remain in existence there that are analogous to present state functions ?
there is a suggestion of such an approach in marx 's briefly sketched political theory , not only in his early criticism of hegel 's philosophy of the state as revealing the ‘ imperfection of the modern state ’ , its representation of an ‘ illusory general interest ’ as against a real general interest , but also in the later critique of the gotha programme ( 1875 ) , where he poses , but does not answer , the question ‘ what transformation will the state undergo in communist society … what social functions will [stay] in existence there that are analogous to present state functions ?

After the achievement of political independence this nationalist fervour does not necessarily abate , and may even increase ; not only because , in many cases , the new nations remain economically dependent within the capitalist world economy , but also because their own development is conceived as a national task , closely bound up with the policies of an efficient , interventionist state .
after the achievement of political independence this nationalist fervour does not necessarily abate , and may even increase ; not only because , in many cases , the new nations [stay] economically dependent within the capitalist world economy , but also because their own development is conceived as a national task , closely bound up with the policies of an efficient , interventionist state .

In many societies , but more particularly in modern societies , there are numerous different centres of political thought and experience : educational institutions of various types ; party organizations ( including party schools and research institutes ) ; the mass media ; more or less official ‘ think tanks ’ ; the central offices of trade unions and employers ' associations ; international agencies ; and a considerable number of private associations devoted to political research and education , some of which have grown out of social movements and remain more or less closely connected with them .
in many societies , but more particularly in modern societies , there are numerous different centres of political thought and experience : educational institutions of various types ; party organizations ( including party schools and research institutes ) ; the mass media ; more or less official ‘ think tanks ’ ; the central offices of trade unions and employers ' associations ; international agencies ; and a considerable number of private associations devoted to political research and education , some of which have grown out of social movements and [stay] more or less closely connected with them .

‘ Which will just have to remain a necessity , ’ she advised him tightly , conscious of a sudden increase in the perpetual tension between them .
‘ which will just have to [stay] a necessity , ’ she advised him tightly , conscious of a sudden increase in the perpetual tension between them .

She had thought he was asleep , realising that he was n't only when she felt him tense under the light touch of her fingers , but as he neither moved away nor said a word , she let them remain there , resting lightly against him , the contact lax and undemanding .
she had thought he was asleep , realising that he was n't only when she felt him tense under the light touch of her fingers , but as he neither moved away nor said a word , she let them [stay] there , resting lightly against him , the contact lax and undemanding .

He was here in his professional capacity , doing the same thing as she was , in essence , as she was planning to remain in the building to offer moral support to any of the staff who might need it , faced with the unaccustomed demands of this minor crisis .
he was here in his professional capacity , doing the same thing as she was , in essence , as she was planning to [stay] in the building to offer moral support to any of the staff who might need it , faced with the unaccustomed demands of this minor crisis .

In recent years , steps have been made to provide a general equilibrium treatment of imperfect competition , but even with relatively straightforward assumptions about strategic behaviour there remain serious obstacles .
in recent years , steps have been made to provide a general equilibrium treatment of imperfect competition , but even with relatively straightforward assumptions about strategic behaviour there [stay] serious obstacles .

Moreover , the time required for the economy to approach the vicinity of a steady state may be quite long — longer than it may reasonably be expected that the parameters remain unchanged .
moreover , the time required for the economy to approach the vicinity of a steady state may be quite long — longer than it may reasonably be expected that the parameters [stay] unchanged .

This conclusion may not remain universally true when we allow for heterogeneous capital ; none the less , the possibility remains that shifting may take place and we need to check when considering policy proposals the likelihood of this actually happening .
this conclusion may not [stay] universally true when we allow for heterogeneous capital ; none the less , the possibility remains that shifting may take place and we need to check when considering policy proposals the likelihood of this actually happening .

In what follows we remain within the confines of the basic model with exogenous labour-augmenting technical progress and no natural resources .
in what follows we [stay] within the confines of the basic model with exogenous labour-augmenting technical progress and no natural resources .

As such , they do not include all the varied elements that influence the distribution of income , but we have supplemented the formal algebra by a qualitative account of the most significant mechanisms that remain to be incorporated .
as such , they do not include all the varied elements that influence the distribution of income , but we have supplemented the formal algebra by a qualitative account of the most significant mechanisms that [stay] to be incorporated .

On the other hand , over the range of middle incomes , the percentages again remain broadly constant .
on the other hand , over the range of middle incomes , the percentages again [stay] broadly constant .

Although the move to representative democracy may reduce the dimensionality , there may remain more than one dimension ( e.g .
although the move to representative democracy may reduce the dimensionality , there may [stay] more than one dimension ( e.g .

‘ Is that what you 're hoping — or are you hoping the opposite ? That the guilty party will remain undetected ? ’
‘ is that what you 're hoping — or are you hoping the opposite ? that the guilty party will [stay] undetected ? ’

Well , to her he would always remain Mr Vass , whether it made him cross or not !
well , to her he would always [stay] mr vass , whether it made him cross or not !

By the time he had once more straightened , pulling her sweater down around her , kissing her , burying his face in her hair , she had to lean against him in order to remain upright .
by the time he had once more straightened , pulling her sweater down around her , kissing her , burying his face in her hair , she had to lean against him in order to [stay] upright .

The effort to remain rigid was making her body quiver and she groaned against his neck , ‘ Make love to me … ’
the effort to [stay] rigid was making her body quiver and she groaned against his neck , ‘ make love to me … ’

It did not remain long unknown .
it did not [stay] long unknown .

Despite a deadline of 31 December 1992 , many of the obstacles to trade — especially in the areas in which Britain excels ( banking and investment services , insurance , air travel , shipping and energy production ) — remain .
despite a deadline of 31 december 1992 , many of the obstacles to trade — especially in the areas in which britain excels ( banking and investment services , insurance , air travel , shipping and energy production ) — [stay] .

First , it should mean — but it does not — that decisions which do not bear on or affect other Member States should remain with the nation state or below .
first , it should mean — but it does not — that decisions which do not bear on or affect other member states should [stay] with the nation state or below .

For the Turks have always hoped that the war would be prolonged until both sides were too exhausted to remain a menace to anybody .
for the turks have always hoped that the war would be prolonged until both sides were too exhausted to [stay] a menace to anybody .

Given symmetric behaviour aggregate output in this case too will remain at its natural level : the increase in output in one market cancelling out the fall in output on the other .
given symmetric behaviour aggregate output in this case too will [stay] at its natural level : the increase in output in one market cancelling out the fall in output on the other .

So in both cases aggregate output will remain at its natural level in the face of a change in the general level of prices .
so in both cases aggregate output will [stay] at its natural level in the face of a change in the general level of prices .

Expectations of the price level will fall only gradually to their new equilibrium level , and while they do so output will remain below its natural level .
expectations of the price level will fall only gradually to their new equilibrium level , and while they do so output will [stay] below its natural level .

The shorter the period over which prices are sticky in relation to the period over which government policy instruments are sticky , the more likely it is that the policy implications of chapter 4 will remain .
the shorter the period over which prices are sticky in relation to the period over which government policy instruments are sticky , the more likely it is that the policy implications of chapter 4 will [stay] .

Both groups of workers set their wage rates given their ( rational ) expectations of the level of prices in the two periods covered by the wage contract . Again , for simplicity we shall assume that the price level is believed to remain unchanged over the period of the contract , so we can write :
both groups of workers set their wage rates given their ( rational ) expectations of the level of prices in the two periods covered by the wage contract . again , for simplicity we shall assume that the price level is believed to [stay] unchanged over the period of the contract , so we can write :

Notice that workers who set their wages at the end of even periods believed , in the even period t - 1 , that the price level in odd period t would remain unchanged in period t + 1 .
notice that workers who set their wages at the end of even periods believed , in the even period t - 1 , that the price level in odd period t would [stay] unchanged in period t + 1 .

Because of this ( and assuming for simplicity that firms do not carry inventories ) they will demand only enough labour to produce the output they can sell , for any additional inputs of labour will either be idle or else will produce output which will remain unsold .
because of this ( and assuming for simplicity that firms do not carry inventories ) they will demand only enough labour to produce the output they can sell , for any additional inputs of labour will either be idle or else will produce output which will [stay] unsold .

The characteristic core levels of the constituent atoms remain in the molecules , with only very slight shifts in energy ( of the order of a few eV ) due to the electrostatic charge on each atom .
the characteristic core levels of the constituent atoms [stay] in the molecules , with only very slight shifts in energy ( of the order of a few ev ) due to the electrostatic charge on each atom .

My feet remain cramped .
my feet [stay] cramped .

The poor bird will remain immobile because of the effects of the poison .
the poor bird will [stay] immobile because of the effects of the poison .

But we must remain vigilant , Brother , for he may strike again .
but we must [stay] vigilant , brother , for he may strike again .

The sensation rocked through her , and she wanted only to remain there , feeling the suggestive thrust of his tongue as it explored the inner softness of her mouth and gently , expertly made her intensely and inescapably aware of the hard , pulsing heat of his virile manhood pressing insistently against her thighs .
the sensation rocked through her , and she wanted only to [stay] there , feeling the suggestive thrust of his tongue as it explored the inner softness of her mouth and gently , expertly made her intensely and inescapably aware of the hard , pulsing heat of his virile manhood pressing insistently against her thighs .

Whether the clays remain as discrete particles or cluster together to form flocs or aggregates with diameters much larger than the individual component particles is often a function of these waters .
whether the clays [stay] as discrete particles or cluster together to form flocs or aggregates with diameters much larger than the individual component particles is often a function of these waters .

If the specimen is immersed face-down , bubbles can not be released and remain attracted by surface tension to the surface , locally impeding further reaction and giving a very uneven etch .
if the specimen is immersed face-down , bubbles can not be released and [stay] attracted by surface tension to the surface , locally impeding further reaction and giving a very uneven etch .

Store specimens in the dark , where they will remain unfaded for at least several years .
store specimens in the dark , where they will [stay] unfaded for at least several years .

Stylolites with little insoluble residue and high amplitudes may , however , be pathways of preferential fluid migration , and may remain open , or be later filled by cements .
stylolites with little insoluble residue and high amplitudes may , however , be pathways of preferential fluid migration , and may [stay] open , or be later filled by cements .

Siliciclastic sediments in general remain almost uncemented until buried to depths of 1000 m or more , whereas carbonate sediments are commonly cemented at or near the sediment-water interface , or in subaerial environments .
siliciclastic sediments in general [stay] almost uncemented until buried to depths of 1000 m or more , whereas carbonate sediments are commonly cemented at or near the sediment-water interface , or in subaerial environments .

‘ You referred earlier to the death of Ramsey Everett and there you have my meaning , for the exact circumstances of his death remain elusive in a truly Tyrrellian fashion . ’
‘ you referred earlier to the death of ramsey everett and there you have my meaning , for the exact circumstances of his death [stay] elusive in a truly tyrrellian fashion . ’

They had found too much to discuss for the last train to Swindon to remain a realistic option and Harry had gladly accepted the offer of overnight hospitality .
they had found too much to discuss for the last train to swindon to [stay] a realistic option and harry had gladly accepted the offer of overnight hospitality .

‘ In fact , you wanted her to remain ? ’
‘ in fact , you wanted her to [stay] ? ’

Or remain to stare down the reflection of his own fear ?
or [stay] to stare down the reflection of his own fear ?

No lie would aid him in a contest with a master of the craft , but the truth , his only hope of gaining the upper hand , had to remain hidden .
no lie would aid him in a contest with a master of the craft , but the truth , his only hope of gaining the upper hand , had to [stay] hidden .

Since the fund is kept strictly separate from the firm 's own assets , employees ' pensions should remain secure even if the firm ceases trading .
since the fund is kept strictly separate from the firm 's own assets , employees ' pensions should [stay] secure even if the firm ceases trading .

However , the number of units need not remain fixed .
however , the number of units need not [stay] fixed .

If the price were to remain constant then the gain received on redemption would be constant .
if the price were to [stay] constant then the gain received on redemption would be constant .

If the value of the whole expression , , is to remain constant then the value of the numerator must also fall .
if the value of the whole expression , , is to [stay] constant then the value of the numerator must also fall .

If the current rate of discount on treasury bills is 11 per cent , calculate the price of a 50,000 ninety-one-day bill with sixty days to redemption . What will its price be in four weeks ' time if interest rates remain unchanged ?
if the current rate of discount on treasury bills is 11 per cent , calculate the price of a 50,000 ninety-one-day bill with sixty days to redemption . what will its price be in four weeks ' time if interest rates [stay] unchanged ?

Once seated in Huy 's living room , Merymose relaxed , but only a little , and he could not remain in his chair long , but kept getting up and pacing the narrow space between the front door and the rear wall .
once seated in huy 's living room , merymose relaxed , but only a little , and he could not [stay] in his chair long , but kept getting up and pacing the narrow space between the front door and the rear wall .

Huy felt anger rise into his mouth , but he made himself remain calm as he described the dead girl from the land of the Twin Rivers .
huy felt anger rise into his mouth , but he made himself [stay] calm as he described the dead girl from the land of the twin rivers .

It concluded that they could be abolished , integrated into the maintained system , or allowed to remain but without their traditional tax privileges — though the commission 's terms of reference favoured integration .
it concluded that they could be abolished , integrated into the maintained system , or allowed to [stay] but without their traditional tax privileges — though the commission 's terms of reference favoured integration .

It suggested that some polytechnics and colleges should be given complete autonomy by the Secretary of State to validate their own courses ; others should be allowed more limited autonomy , in specific areas ; while in yet others external validation should remain .
it suggested that some polytechnics and colleges should be given complete autonomy by the secretary of state to validate their own courses ; others should be allowed more limited autonomy , in specific areas ; while in yet others external validation should [stay] .

( The schools called ‘ grammar preparatory schools ’ are fee-paying primary schools attached to voluntary grammar secondary schools ( see Chapter 6 ) ; very few grammar preparatory schools remain . )
( the schools called ‘ grammar preparatory schools ’ are fee-paying primary schools attached to voluntary grammar secondary schools ( see chapter 6 ) ; very few grammar preparatory schools [stay] . )

Elected councillors form the majority on these committees and have ultimate authority and responsibility for them , although in practice the education officers , who remain in post while councillors come and go , are often very influential .
elected councillors form the majority on these committees and have ultimate authority and responsibility for them , although in practice the education officers , who [stay] in post while councillors come and go , are often very influential .

These differences remain , despite a swing by girls towards maths and science in the 1970s and 1980s .
these differences [stay] , despite a swing by girls towards maths and science in the 1970s and 1980s .

In Scotland , however , while differences between the social classes in educational attainment remain , they are smaller in the comprehensive system than they were in the tripartite .
in scotland , however , while differences between the social classes in educational attainment [stay] , they are smaller in the comprehensive system than they were in the tripartite .

If , for instance , he drops a ball it accelerates at the same rate as the capsule and will remain at rest relative to the capsule , whatever their shared acceleration .
if , for instance , he drops a ball it accelerates at the same rate as the capsule and will [stay] at rest relative to the capsule , whatever their shared acceleration .

Equations between tensors have the property that they remain valid under the general transformations between Gaussian coordinate systems in curved space–time .
equations between tensors have the property that they [stay] valid under the general transformations between gaussian coordinate systems in curved space–time .

Firstly , physical laws must be expressible as tensor equations so that they remain valid under transformations to any accelerated frame .
firstly , physical laws must be expressible as tensor equations so that they [stay] valid under transformations to any accelerated frame .

That stupid man — But if only she could explain before the policeman took official note of what had happened , the situation might remain relatively simple … ‘ It was a perfectly natural mistake , Mr Hunter .
that stupid man — but if only she could explain before the policeman took official note of what had happened , the situation might [stay] relatively simple … ‘ it was a perfectly natural mistake , mr hunter .

Despite Mrs Agathangelou 's determination to remain English , the twenty-three years she had spent in Greece had left their mark .
despite mrs agathangelou 's determination to [stay] english , the twenty-three years she had spent in greece had left their mark .

‘ You 're going to remain here , ’ he said with absolute finality .
‘ you 're going to [stay] here , ’ he said with absolute finality .

Quite apart from anything else , she had serious doubts about how indifferent she could remain if Julius came any closer .
quite apart from anything else , she had serious doubts about how indifferent she could [stay] if julius came any closer .

His principal criticism is one to which we have already referred : that Jakobson does not differentiate linguistic features which are perceptible to the reader from those which are not , and which therefore remain ‘ alien to the poetic structure ’ ( Riffaterre 1966 : 207 ) of the text .
his principal criticism is one to which we have already referred : that jakobson does not differentiate linguistic features which are perceptible to the reader from those which are not , and which therefore [stay] ‘ alien to the poetic structure ’ ( riffaterre 1966 : 207 ) of the text .

They had been thrown together as strangers , and so they would remain .
they had been thrown together as strangers , and so they would [stay] .

Alyssia tried to remain cool , calm and collected , watching him as his long fingers worked away .
alyssia tried to [stay] cool , calm and collected , watching him as his long fingers worked away .

She did n't want to remain here , to listen to all those things she had known already for herself .
she did n't want to [stay] here , to listen to all those things she had known already for herself .

She snapped to attention and glared at Roman — he was the one who was going to sleep ; she must remain alert .
she snapped to attention and glared at roman — he was the one who was going to sleep ; she must [stay] alert .

’ Claudia was so exhausted that she could hardly remain upright .
’ claudia was so exhausted that she could hardly [stay] upright .

‘ Why do women always think another woman is behind a man 's decision to remain free ? ’
‘ why do women always think another woman is behind a man 's decision to [stay] free ? ’

Claudia felt as if she were running hard to remain in the same place .
claudia felt as if she were running hard to [stay] in the same place .

People see the educated man living in poverty and realize that learning is useless ; they decide it is better to remain ignorant .
people see the educated man living in poverty and realize that learning is useless ; they decide it is better to [stay] ignorant .

The Mughal buildings which remain — a line of single-storey pavilions , the Emperor 's private apartments and the zenana buildings — stand still in their marble simplicity ; but without their carpets , awnings and gorgeous trappings they look strangely uncomfortable : cold and hard and white , difficult to imagine back into life .
the mughal buildings which [stay] — a line of single-storey pavilions , the emperor 's private apartments and the zenana buildings — stand still in their marble simplicity ; but without their carpets , awnings and gorgeous trappings they look strangely uncomfortable : cold and hard and white , difficult to imagine back into life .

Meanwhile the Emperor ordered that Aurangzeb should remain — unrewarded — on gruelling campaign against the empire 's enemies in the Deccan .
meanwhile the emperor ordered that aurangzeb should [stay] — unrewarded — on gruelling campaign against the empire 's enemies in the deccan .

He had strung out the conversation , after the chief inspector 's departure , or made an attempt to , but without much backing from anyone else , and failing to get any invitation to remain .
he had strung out the conversation , after the chief inspector 's departure , or made an attempt to , but without much backing from anyone else , and failing to get any invitation to [stay] .

Of the fourteen female characters in the book , eight remain nameless ; of the twenty-three male characters , only three fail to gain an identify in this way and are given no name .
of the fourteen female characters in the book , eight [stay] nameless ; of the twenty-three male characters , only three fail to gain an identify in this way and are given no name .

You will not in future , if you are to remain with us , allow any papers of mine entrusted to you to pass out of your care .
you will not in future , if you are to [stay] with us , allow any papers of mine entrusted to you to pass out of your care .

His wish that the entire community might join in the responses had met with no immediate assent and so , apart from the hymns , his own voice and the clerk 's must remain the sole conductors of divine energy .
his wish that the entire community might join in the responses had met with no immediate assent and so , apart from the hymns , his own voice and the clerk 's must [stay] the sole conductors of divine energy .

Sadly , if patiently , he came to recognize that , though he might be their Rector , he remained — and would , he feared , for some time remain — a foreigner first .
sadly , if patiently , he came to recognize that , though he might be their rector , he remained — and would , he feared , for some time [stay] — a foreigner first .

Louisa felt a little helpless before his diffident manner , and she was surprised when Emilia insisted that she remain in the room throughout Frere 's third visit ; surprised and discomfited , for it was not a happy interview .
louisa felt a little helpless before his diffident manner , and she was surprised when emilia insisted that she [stay] in the room throughout frere 's third visit ; surprised and discomfited , for it was not a happy interview .

However , without access to the transforming experience from which those symbols spring they remain impenetrable .
however , without access to the transforming experience from which those symbols spring they [stay] impenetrable .

If her treatise was to fulfil the expectations raised by its prologue , she must make this difficult passage now — though it was , at times , an agony merely to remain seated at her desk .
if her treatise was to fulfil the expectations raised by its prologue , she must make this difficult passage now — though it was , at times , an agony merely to [stay] seated at her desk .

She recoiled from the ugliness of it all , for the bitter reflections felt part of the epidemic of hatred she had encountered in the Lodge , and to brood on them was to remain its passive prisoner .
she recoiled from the ugliness of it all , for the bitter reflections felt part of the epidemic of hatred she had encountered in the lodge , and to brood on them was to [stay] its passive prisoner .

It would be the end of all her high ambitions , and though the world would not greatly suffer thereby — for by now she had lost all confidence that anything she might say would alter the course of things — that crisis which was privately her own would remain for ever unresolved .
it would be the end of all her high ambitions , and though the world would not greatly suffer thereby — for by now she had lost all confidence that anything she might say would alter the course of things — that crisis which was privately her own would [stay] for ever unresolved .

Yet she could not remain here , huddled against the rain which ran down her face and still would disguise from no one the humiliation of her tears .
yet she could not [stay] here , huddled against the rain which ran down her face and still would disguise from no one the humiliation of her tears .

She remain uncertain still what was to be done with it , though she consoled herself with the thought that in entering the court of Le Grand Jeu and submitting to its verdict , she had already taken the first tentative steps .
she [stay] uncertain still what was to be done with it , though she consoled herself with the thought that in entering the court of le grand jeu and submitting to its verdict , she had already taken the first tentative steps .

This is not to suggest that there were trackways everywhere ( although they probably remain to be found elsewhere in Somerset , and records exist of others from the bogs of Lancashire ) , but that the exploitation of the landscape implied by them existed very widely .
this is not to suggest that there were trackways everywhere ( although they probably [stay] to be found elsewhere in somerset , and records exist of others from the bogs of lancashire ) , but that the exploitation of the landscape implied by them existed very widely .

In many parts of the moor contemporary burial and religious sites remain in the form of barrows , cists , stone circles and stone rows .
in many parts of the moor contemporary burial and religious sites [stay] in the form of barrows , cists , stone circles and stone rows .

In a number of instances , actual boundary stones remain , or have been recorded in the recent past .
in a number of instances , actual boundary stones [stay] , or have been recorded in the recent past .

Sometimes , earthworks of ridge and furrow or narrow early enclosed strips remain to give some clue to the course , but elsewhere the boundary itself must be the clue to the former existence of such an arrangement .
sometimes , earthworks of ridge and furrow or narrow early enclosed strips [stay] to give some clue to the course , but elsewhere the boundary itself must be the clue to the former existence of such an arrangement .

More of them probably remain to be identified , particularly where there were important royal centres in Saxon times .
more of them probably [stay] to be identified , particularly where there were important royal centres in saxon times .

Outside Ablington in Gloucestershire , for example , is a coffin stone , locally reputed to be where coffins were laid while the bearers rested on their way to the church at Bibury , where large late Saxon and Romanesque parts remain of the minster church .
outside ablington in gloucestershire , for example , is a coffin stone , locally reputed to be where coffins were laid while the bearers rested on their way to the church at bibury , where large late saxon and romanesque parts [stay] of the minster church .

Only on the best sites will any house platforms remain , that is where the buildings actually stood .
only on the best sites will any house platforms [stay] , that is where the buildings actually stood .

Sometimes , as at Chesterton in Warwickshire , obvious features remain .
sometimes , as at chesterton in warwickshire , obvious features [stay] .

The house has disappeared there , although it is shown on an eighteenth-century map complete with avenues , ponds , and gardens , and today a fine eighteenth-century brick gateway , enclosed garden and levelled lawn remain .
the house has disappeared there , although it is shown on an eighteenth-century map complete with avenues , ponds , and gardens , and today a fine eighteenth-century brick gateway , enclosed garden and levelled lawn [stay] .

The church and a gazebo or feasting house still remain .
the church and a gazebo or feasting house still [stay] .

Churches often remain , either complete , ruined , or only in part ( e.g .
churches often [stay] , either complete , ruined , or only in part ( e.g .

In most cases , however , such well-defined features do not remain and only vague areas of earthworks are visible .
in most cases , however , such well-defined features do not [stay] and only vague areas of earthworks are visible .

There , it can be shown that it is impossible to understand the plans of present-day villages without reference to the abandoned roads and former areas of farms and cottages which remain as earthworks .
there , it can be shown that it is impossible to understand the plans of present-day villages without reference to the abandoned roads and former areas of farms and cottages which [stay] as earthworks .

In many parts of the country there has clearly been a shift of settlement in Saxon times and the implication of this is that a number of Saxon settlements remain to be found , away from the medieval villages , in what are former open field areas .
in many parts of the country there has clearly been a shift of settlement in saxon times and the implication of this is that a number of saxon settlements [stay] to be found , away from the medieval villages , in what are former open field areas .

Some of the most spectacular examples can be found in Wiltshire , where not only do the names of separate elements remain or can be relatively easily traced , but frequently the individual churches attached to each hamlet are still in existence , or were until recently .
some of the most spectacular examples can be found in wiltshire , where not only do the names of separate elements [stay] or can be relatively easily traced , but frequently the individual churches attached to each hamlet are still in existence , or were until recently .

Churches remain at Maddington , Shrewton , and Rollestone , while Elston formerly had a chapel which may once have been a church .
churches [stay] at maddington , shrewton , and rollestone , while elston formerly had a chapel which may once have been a church .

Sometimes , these remain in the landscape or are incorporated into complex village plans ; elsewhere , they were abandoned in what seems to have been wholescale replanning and resiting of villages .
sometimes , these [stay] in the landscape or are incorporated into complex village plans ; elsewhere , they were abandoned in what seems to have been wholescale replanning and resiting of villages .

The third is partly ruined , with the cattle end used as a barn , while at the upper , living end a substantial fireplace , stack and bread oven remain .
the third is partly ruined , with the cattle end used as a barn , while at the upper , living end a substantial fireplace , stack and bread oven [stay] .

The situation can be seen either as successive waves of colonists from old established centres filling in the landscape with daughter settlements , or as a scatter of settlements , some of which develop while others remain unaltered .
the situation can be seen either as successive waves of colonists from old established centres filling in the landscape with daughter settlements , or as a scatter of settlements , some of which develop while others [stay] unaltered .

Not only do documents name sites , but often settlement earthworks remain and areas of ridge and furrow , meadow , and so on demonstrate where it is unlikely that there has been settlement .
not only do documents name sites , but often settlement earthworks [stay] and areas of ridge and furrow , meadow , and so on demonstrate where it is unlikely that there has been settlement .

They are fully described in operation by Hansford Worth on Dartmoor , where they remain as stone-built structures .
they are fully described in operation by hansford worth on dartmoor , where they [stay] as stone-built structures .

She told her that it had been suggested to her that she should remain behind to rest , but she did not consider her darling Thomas would have approved of this .
she told her that it had been suggested to her that she should [stay] behind to rest , but she did not consider her darling thomas would have approved of this .

‘ And that is how you will remain , is it ? Unable to speak to people , awkward in company — ’
‘ and that is how you will [stay] , is it ? unable to speak to people , awkward in company — ’

Some of the original stories and characters remain .
some of the original stories and characters [stay] .

‘ The Four Marys ’ , for example , are still in the 3rd Form of St Elmos , and despite new haircuts for them and their arch enemy Mabel , remain the same .
‘ the four marys ’ , for example , are still in the 3rd form of st elmos , and despite new haircuts for them and their arch enemy mabel , [stay] the same .

There were many complaints about the number of people registering for charity , and the Burgesses ordered that ‘ in future no stranger , journeyman or servant , single or married should remain in the borough longer than six days without giving account of himself to the Mayor ’ .
there were many complaints about the number of people registering for charity , and the burgesses ordered that ‘ in future no stranger , journeyman or servant , single or married should [stay] in the borough longer than six days without giving account of himself to the mayor ’ .

It 's always the little amusing incidents which remain in the memory . Like the couple who left one of the rides early to get back in time to prepare the evening event ; and two hours later we met them — riding in the opposite direction ! Moral : minor roads are only a short cut if you know where you are !
it 's always the little amusing incidents which [stay] in the memory . like the couple who left one of the rides early to get back in time to prepare the evening event ; and two hours later we met them — riding in the opposite direction ! moral : minor roads are only a short cut if you know where you are !

During the three year programme we set ourselves a total of 33 remits , of which only 5 remain to be completed .
during the three year programme we set ourselves a total of 33 remits , of which only 5 [stay] to be completed .

In 864 , the Edict of Pîtres ordered that peasants who had fled because of the Vikings should not be oppressed by counts or others in the places in which they had found refuge : they were to return home to their original lordships but they should be allowed to keep their earnings from working in the vineyards ; on the other hand , if they had married and fathered offspring while resident in others ' lordships , the wives and children were to remain with those lords .
in 864 , the edict of pîtres ordered that peasants who had fled because of the vikings should not be oppressed by counts or others in the places in which they had found refuge : they were to return home to their original lordships but they should be allowed to keep their earnings from working in the vineyards ; on the other hand , if they had married and fathered offspring while resident in others ' lordships , the wives and children were to [stay] with those lords .

Nithard puts them in 839 : Charles 's mother , and the magnates who had worked on the will of his father to promote Charles 's cause , fearing that if Louis were to die before matters were settled , they would risk incurring the hatred of Charles 's brothers to their own ruin , advised that the father should choose one of those sons to be his helper so that , even if the others refused to remain at peace after their father 's death , these two at least would have been so firmly united that they would be able to withstand the hostility of their rivals .
nithard puts them in 839 : charles 's mother , and the magnates who had worked on the will of his father to promote charles 's cause , fearing that if louis were to die before matters were settled , they would risk incurring the hatred of charles 's brothers to their own ruin , advised that the father should choose one of those sons to be his helper so that , even if the others refused to [stay] at peace after their father 's death , these two at least would have been so firmly united that they would be able to withstand the hostility of their rivals .

The manager 's task was to remain up to date with the changes , to encourage a confident understanding of the purpose and methods of assessment and to make sense of the ambiguity which surrounded questions of parental and governors ' access to the assessments .
the manager 's task was to [stay] up to date with the changes , to encourage a confident understanding of the purpose and methods of assessment and to make sense of the ambiguity which surrounded questions of parental and governors ' access to the assessments .

However hard a head or a governing body may try to remain outside the arena of competition , the insistence of parent interests and community awareness and the effect on even the price of houses in a local estate agent 's listings will continue to make sure that parents believe that clever children , as measured in the national assessment , are produced by good schools and by good teachers .
however hard a head or a governing body may try to [stay] outside the arena of competition , the insistence of parent interests and community awareness and the effect on even the price of houses in a local estate agent 's listings will continue to make sure that parents believe that clever children , as measured in the national assessment , are produced by good schools and by good teachers .

Regardless of the changes the near future may bring , the central importance of the head as an exemplar of personal and professional qualities will remain .
regardless of the changes the near future may bring , the central importance of the head as an exemplar of personal and professional qualities will [stay] .

Another may see that a powerful and confident experience in one field — such as music — brings contacts and perspectives which remain useful .
another may see that a powerful and confident experience in one field — such as music — brings contacts and perspectives which [stay] useful .

Style , manner , sensitivity , humour , trust — all these remain undefined but essential parts both of good teaching and of the good management of public relations .
style , manner , sensitivity , humour , trust — all these [stay] undefined but essential parts both of good teaching and of the good management of public relations .

As personal traits and gifts , as the fruits of experience or as the outcome of maturity they remain essentially a private matter , not amenable to management training but open to approaches which might be based on good practice in counselling or on well-handled programmes about the development of interpersonal skills .
as personal traits and gifts , as the fruits of experience or as the outcome of maturity they [stay] essentially a private matter , not amenable to management training but open to approaches which might be based on good practice in counselling or on well-handled programmes about the development of interpersonal skills .

The two positions were to remain merged in him until 1973 .
the two positions were to [stay] merged in him until 1973 .

The documents obtained in this way were stored in an archive in Salamanca ( where they remain to this day ) and , after the end of the war , were constantly referred to by the military courts trying suspected Republicans .
the documents obtained in this way were stored in an archive in salamanca ( where they [stay] to this day ) and , after the end of the war , were constantly referred to by the military courts trying suspected republicans .

For the regime , the fact that it presided over a cowed , debilitated populace enhanced its ability to remain in power .
for the regime , the fact that it presided over a cowed , debilitated populace enhanced its ability to [stay] in power .

Similarly , in the spring of 1940 , he assured the French Head of State , Marshal Pétain , that Spain would remain neutral , while he also assured Ciano that although Spain was materially unable to participate in the war , he was not indifferent to it and believed in the victory of the Axis .
similarly , in the spring of 1940 , he assured the french head of state , marshal pétain , that spain would [stay] neutral , while he also assured ciano that although spain was materially unable to participate in the war , he was not indifferent to it and believed in the victory of the axis .

The Allied powers realized early on that if the strategically crucial Rock of Gibraltar were to remain accessible to them , Spain would have to be persuaded to remain neutral ; and that her economic needs could be a useful bargaining chip to achieve this .
the allied powers realized early on that if the strategically crucial rock of gibraltar were to [stay] accessible to them , spain would have to be persuaded to [stay] neutral ; and that her economic needs could be a useful bargaining chip to achieve this .

Similarly , he assured the American ambassador , Carlton Hayes , that Spain wished to remain neutral , while allowing German submarine detector stations to be built on the south coast .
similarly , he assured the american ambassador , carlton hayes , that spain wished to [stay] neutral , while allowing german submarine detector stations to be built on the south coast .

In the summer of 1942 , however , Franco 's ability to remain au dessus de la mêlée was put to its most serious test yet .
in the summer of 1942 , however , franco 's ability to [stay] au dessus de la mêlée was put to its most serious test yet .

Similarly , a new method or process of manufacture which does not lend itself to detailed analysis by competitors will probably remain immune from imitation by rivals precisely because the employer has avoided the mandatory public disclosure involved in proceeding with a patent application .
similarly , a new method or process of manufacture which does not lend itself to detailed analysis by competitors will probably [stay] immune from imitation by rivals precisely because the employer has avoided the mandatory public disclosure involved in proceeding with a patent application .

His team went further in hoping that only a quarter of total investment would remain in private hands .
his team went further in hoping that only a quarter of total investment would [stay] in private hands .

The concept of altering demand to remain at full employment was one he did not find it difficult to grasp .
the concept of altering demand to [stay] at full employment was one he did not find it difficult to grasp .

‘ Whatever future conclusion we may reach as to this , we can not deny that an object once attended to will remain in the memory , whilst one inattentively allowed to pass will leave no traces behind .
‘ whatever future conclusion we may reach as to this , we can not deny that an object once attended to will [stay] in the memory , whilst one inattentively allowed to pass will leave no traces behind .

There has , however , been very little research which looks directly at this issue and thus at this stage suggestions about the normal levels of memory performance or about the variables which may influence it remain largely speculative .
there has , however , been very little research which looks directly at this issue and thus at this stage suggestions about the normal levels of memory performance or about the variables which may influence it [stay] largely speculative .

Our refining costs remain lower than those of the industry and we are taking steps to improve on this advantaged position .
our refining costs [stay] lower than those of the industry and we are taking steps to improve on this advantaged position .

After careful consideration , we decided to halve our quarterly dividend to a level we believe we can sustain , even if trading conditions remain as they are , given the achievement of our current profit improvement targets .
after careful consideration , we decided to halve our quarterly dividend to a level we believe we can sustain , even if trading conditions [stay] as they are , given the achievement of our current profit improvement targets .

Upstream , production in 1993 is likely to remain at current levels , as a series of new fields come into production and offset the older declining fields .
upstream , production in 1993 is likely to [stay] at current levels , as a series of new fields come into production and offset the older declining fields .

Chemicals trading results are likely to remain depressed , particularly in the European cracking and polyethylene businesses , as the low margins seen at the end of 1992 persist into 1993 .
chemicals trading results are likely to [stay] depressed , particularly in the european cracking and polyethylene businesses , as the low margins seen at the end of 1992 persist into 1993 .

Whilst the Ontario housing market remain hesitant owing to economic problems which are exacerbated by frustrating political decisions , our business hopes to see enough improvement in the market to support further development of our activities in the Toronto area .
whilst the ontario housing market [stay] hesitant owing to economic problems which are exacerbated by frustrating political decisions , our business hopes to see enough improvement in the market to support further development of our activities in the toronto area .

As the year progresses it is hoped that companies will begin to feel confident enough to invest in new production and distribution facilities but the construction of new offices will remain subdued reflecting the stock of vacant buildings which still exist .
as the year progresses it is hoped that companies will begin to feel confident enough to invest in new production and distribution facilities but the construction of new offices will [stay] subdued reflecting the stock of vacant buildings which still exist .

The major food retailers are still planning to expand their chains of stores and will therefore remain important clients .
the major food retailers are still planning to expand their chains of stores and will therefore [stay] important clients .

The competitive pressures we saw in 1992 as a result of the continuing over capacity in our industry will remain .
the competitive pressures we saw in 1992 as a result of the continuing over capacity in our industry will [stay] .

Then , out of the ( indefinitely large set of ) instances that remain , some will fairly clearly show association only , e.g .
then , out of the ( indefinitely large set of ) instances that [stay] , some will fairly clearly show association only , e.g .

Thus the examples of ( 9 ) are acceptable : ( 9 ) your behaviour was barbaric this device is expensive his plan was inspired but impractical Where a prenominal adjective fits equally well with either relationship — ascriptive or associative — to its noun , we find that its occurrence in predicative position is acceptable , but only provided that the relation is taken as being ascriptive ; thus ( 10 ) mentions an individual who either has Greek nationality ( but the nature and region of the business which he or she deals with remain unspecified ) , or is a person who handles affairs connected with Greece ( but who may well be of some quite different nationality , Belgian for example ) ; ( 11 ) however unambiguously tells us that there is someone who falls into the former category : ( 10 ) the Greek representative ( 11 ) the representative is Greek
thus the examples of ( 9 ) are acceptable : ( 9 ) your behaviour was barbaric this device is expensive his plan was inspired but impractical where a prenominal adjective fits equally well with either relationship — ascriptive or associative — to its noun , we find that its occurrence in predicative position is acceptable , but only provided that the relation is taken as being ascriptive ; thus ( 10 ) mentions an individual who either has greek nationality ( but the nature and region of the business which he or she deals with [stay] unspecified ) , or is a person who handles affairs connected with greece ( but who may well be of some quite different nationality , belgian for example ) ; ( 11 ) however unambiguously tells us that there is someone who falls into the former category : ( 10 ) the greek representative ( 11 ) the representative is greek

In fact , there remain only two major adjectival positions to be considered .
in fact , there [stay] only two major adjectival positions to be considered .

Curiously enough , it appears that there is no question at all which fits the adjective of a sentence like ( 59 ) closely , so that one must fall back on a metalinguistic one such as ( 60 ) : ( 59 ) the sharks remain dangerous ( 60 ) what did you say about the sharks ?
curiously enough , it appears that there is no question at all which fits the adjective of a sentence like ( 59 ) closely , so that one must fall back on a metalinguistic one such as ( 60 ) : ( 59 ) the sharks [stay] dangerous ( 60 ) what did you say about the sharks ?

There remain certain minor structural matters to be considered .
there [stay] certain minor structural matters to be considered .

Under the barrage of letters from the curia , few had the courage to remain loyal to Philip .
under the barrage of letters from the curia , few had the courage to [stay] loyal to philip .

All items of equipment remain the property of the Company and must be returned immediately on request .
all items of equipment [stay] the property of the company and must be returned immediately on request .

It is therefore likely that Unproductive and Low-Productivity researchers will remain so throughout their scientific careers , and that the Highly-Productive earth scientists from Cambridge will continue to publish more papers than average in the course of their work .
it is therefore likely that unproductive and low-productivity researchers will [stay] so throughout their scientific careers , and that the highly-productive earth scientists from cambridge will continue to publish more papers than average in the course of their work .

The great achievement of the early survey researchers was to provide and encourage the development of techniques for surveying large populations cheaply and within calculable degrees of accuracy ; although to a large degree the emphasis in social science has shifted from descriptive to analytic surveys , the legacies of sampling and survey design remain .
the great achievement of the early survey researchers was to provide and encourage the development of techniques for surveying large populations cheaply and within calculable degrees of accuracy ; although to a large degree the emphasis in social science has shifted from descriptive to analytic surveys , the legacies of sampling and survey design [stay] .

This hope it begins to appear , admittedly with hindsight , looks to be one that must remain unfulfilled using current methods .
this hope it begins to appear , admittedly with hindsight , looks to be one that must [stay] unfulfilled using current methods .

The Pearson accord was the culmination of a two-year search by the federal government and the premiers of the English-speaking provinces for a constitutional formula to induce French-speaking Quebec to remain within the Canadian federation following the collapse of the Meech Lake Accord in June 1990 [ see pp .
the pearson accord was the culmination of a two-year search by the federal government and the premiers of the english-speaking provinces for a constitutional formula to induce french-speaking quebec to [stay] within the canadian federation following the collapse of the meech lake accord in june 1990 [ see pp .

The Pearson accord was the culmination of a two-year search by the federal government and the premiers of the English-speaking provinces for a constitutional formula to induce French-speaking Quebec to remain within the Canadian federation following the collapse of the Meech Lake Accord in June 1990 [ see pp .
the pearson accord was the culmination of a two-year search by the federal government and the premiers of the english-speaking provinces for a constitutional formula to induce french-speaking quebec to [stay] within the canadian federation following the collapse of the meech lake accord in june 1990 [ see pp .

He signalled support for preserving Hong Kong 's freedoms , but stressed that government would remain `` executive-led `` while being `` as open and accessible as possible `` .
he signalled support for preserving hong kong 's freedoms , but stressed that government would [stay] `` executive-led `` while being `` as open and accessible as possible `` .

Results showed that 95 per cent of the registered electorate of 193,800 went to the polls and that 90 per cent of these voted `` to remain part of Yugoslavia with Serbia and Montenegro and others who want to preserve Yugoslavia `` .
results showed that 95 per cent of the registered electorate of 193,800 went to the polls and that 90 per cent of these voted `` to [stay] part of yugoslavia with serbia and montenegro and others who want to preserve yugoslavia `` .

In response to the second proposal , whether Croatia should remain in Yugoslavia as a federal state , 5.4 per cent voted in favour and 92.2 per cent against .
in response to the second proposal , whether croatia should [stay] in yugoslavia as a federal state , 5.4 per cent voted in favour and 92.2 per cent against .

He stressed that while the world population continued to increase by some 80,000,000 people a year , adequate nutrition was likely to remain a key problem .
he stressed that while the world population continued to increase by some 80,000,000 people a year , adequate nutrition was likely to [stay] a key problem .

Starting from Jan. 1 , 1994 , an estimated 20,000 separate tariffs , duties and other barriers would be lifted in five to 10 years ; however , tariffs on most sensitive goods , especially agricultural products , would remain for up to 15 years .
starting from jan. 1 , 1994 , an estimated 20,000 separate tariffs , duties and other barriers would be lifted in five to 10 years ; however , tariffs on most sensitive goods , especially agricultural products , would [stay] for up to 15 years .

The government on Aug. 28 published a list of some 160 companies which would remain wholly or partly in state ownership .
the government on aug. 28 published a list of some 160 companies which would [stay] wholly or partly in state ownership .

Left-wing parties were highly critical of the proposals , and called instead for increases in public spending to reduce unemployment , which was expected to remain at around 10 per cent .
left-wing parties were highly critical of the proposals , and called instead for increases in public spending to reduce unemployment , which was expected to [stay] at around 10 per cent .

Chiarelli was to remain in the government to oversee integration with neighbouring countries in the South American Common Market ( Mercosur — see pp .
chiarelli was to [stay] in the government to oversee integration with neighbouring countries in the south american common market ( mercosur — see pp .

Consumer prices would also double , as producers would be able to set their own prices up to a fixed maximum , but Byambasuren said that the prices of some foodstuffs and industrial goods would remain under government control .
consumer prices would also double , as producers would be able to set their own prices up to a fixed maximum , but byambasuren said that the prices of some foodstuffs and industrial goods would [stay] under government control .

Most immigrants of oriental origin , the Sephardim , on the other hand , were thought likely to remain loyal to Likud .
most immigrants of oriental origin , the sephardim , on the other hand , were thought likely to [stay] loyal to likud .

Congress would remain free to re-order its priorities , but the overall balance of the budget could be altered only if approved by two-thirds of both houses of Congress , other than in time of war , when the measure could be waived by a simple majority .
congress would [stay] free to re-order its priorities , but the overall balance of the budget could be altered only if approved by two-thirds of both houses of congress , other than in time of war , when the measure could be waived by a simple majority .

The talks had been undertaken by the English-speaking provinces with a view to agreeing a package of reforms which would induce Quebec to remain within the Canadian confederation .
the talks had been undertaken by the english-speaking provinces with a view to agreeing a package of reforms which would induce quebec to [stay] within the canadian confederation .

The privatization programme envisaged that 25 per cent of state enterprises would be sold by the end of 1992 ; about 25 categories of assets were to remain in state ownership , however , including natural resources and strategic enterprises .
the privatization programme envisaged that 25 per cent of state enterprises would be sold by the end of 1992 ; about 25 categories of assets were to [stay] in state ownership , however , including natural resources and strategic enterprises .

Those rejected could be expelled from Austria ; they could appeal , but without the right to remain pending the outcome of such an appeal .
those rejected could be expelled from austria ; they could appeal , but without the right to [stay] pending the outcome of such an appeal .

Asylum seekers would be fingerprinted and would have to remain in `` reception centres `` until their case was decided .
asylum seekers would be fingerprinted and would have to [stay] in `` reception centres `` until their case was decided .

The Dnestr region , however , in the east of Moldava , with a population of 700,000 mainly Russian speakers , which had been a part of Ukraine before it was incorporated into the Moldavan territory annexed by Stalin from Romania in 1940 , declared its wish to remain part of the Soviet Union .
the dnestr region , however , in the east of moldava , with a population of 700,000 mainly russian speakers , which had been a part of ukraine before it was incorporated into the moldavan territory annexed by stalin from romania in 1940 , declared its wish to [stay] part of the soviet union .

It was stressed that sufficient air power would remain behind to protect the Iraqi Kurds .
it was stressed that sufficient air power would [stay] behind to protect the iraqi kurds .

On Nov. 13 , 1990 , the government announced that 7,000 Romanians whose asylum applications had been turned down and who had neither shelter nor work would be returned to Romania ( while another 3,000 had found work and would be allowed to remain ) .
on nov. 13 , 1990 , the government announced that 7,000 romanians whose asylum applications had been turned down and who had neither shelter nor work would be returned to romania ( while another 3,000 had found work and would be allowed to [stay] ) .

The two factions agreed , however , to remain in coalition until the next general election .
the two factions agreed , however , to [stay] in coalition until the next general election .

June : Bundestag vote in favour of Berlin as future seat of parliament [ see p. 38298 ] ; July : Bundesrat vote to remain in Bonn for time being [ see p. 38354 ] .
june : bundestag vote in favour of berlin as future seat of parliament [ see p. 38298 ] ; july : bundesrat vote to [stay] in bonn for time being [ see p. 38354 ] .

Some strategic industries , including the extraction of oil and natural gas , power generation and arms trade would remain in state control .
some strategic industries , including the extraction of oil and natural gas , power generation and arms trade would [stay] in state control .

Of the 11,923 people whose applications were processed in 1990 , 6,643 were given permission to remain in Switzerland and 883 were granted asylum status .
of the 11,923 people whose applications were processed in 1990 , 6,643 were given permission to [stay] in switzerland and 883 were granted asylum status .

Large demonstrations in 1990 had forced the government to accept the principle of multiparty democracy , and 11 political parties were subsequently legalized ; the government insisted , however , that it would remain in office during elections , promised by the end of 1991 .
large demonstrations in 1990 had forced the government to accept the principle of multiparty democracy , and 11 political parties were subsequently legalized ; the government insisted , however , that it would [stay] in office during elections , promised by the end of 1991 .

The mining ban would remain in force for 50 years unless reversed by a consensus among the 26 voting members of the Treaty .
the mining ban would [stay] in force for 50 years unless reversed by a consensus among the 26 voting members of the treaty .

The full text of the protocol was to remain secret until formal signature following ratification , tentatively scheduled to take place in Madrid at the end of June .
the full text of the protocol was to [stay] secret until formal signature following ratification , tentatively scheduled to take place in madrid at the end of june .

However , the register , classifying the remainder of the country 's 36,000,000 people , only 4,500,000 of them white , was due to remain in force until the agreement of an eventual new constitution which , de Klerk told parliament , was `` within our reach within a few years `` .
however , the register , classifying the remainder of the country 's 36,000,000 people , only 4,500,000 of them white , was due to [stay] in force until the agreement of an eventual new constitution which , de klerk told parliament , was `` within our reach within a few years `` .

After the unsuccessful talks on June 12 [ see above ] , Markovic addressed the Slovenian Assembly , urging it to remain part of Yugoslavia .
after the unsuccessful talks on june 12 [ see above ] , markovic addressed the slovenian assembly , urging it to [stay] part of yugoslavia .

Conference delegates were severely critical of Denis Sassou-Nguesso , who was to remain President , but with greatly reduced executive powers , during the transitional period .
conference delegates were severely critical of denis sassou-nguesso , who was to [stay] president , but with greatly reduced executive powers , during the transitional period .

Several leading Democrats reacted to this by claiming that , were Thornburgh to remain in office , it would raise the appearance of a conflict of interest and would allow him to circumvent some of the restrictions on the raising of electoral funds .
several leading democrats reacted to this by claiming that , were thornburgh to [stay] in office , it would raise the appearance of a conflict of interest and would allow him to circumvent some of the restrictions on the raising of electoral funds .

At issue in the referendum , scheduled for July 6 , would have been whether Bulgaria should remain a republic or revert to being a monarchy .
at issue in the referendum , scheduled for july 6 , would have been whether bulgaria should [stay] a republic or revert to being a monarchy .

The French President , François Mitterrand , confirmed on Oct. 15 that Aoun had been granted political asylum as a `` question of honour `` and that he would be allowed to remain in the embassy indefinitely .
the french president , françois mitterrand , confirmed on oct. 15 that aoun had been granted political asylum as a `` question of honour `` and that he would be allowed to [stay] in the embassy indefinitely .

The charter was to remain in force until a general election ( scheduled for 1993 ) .
the charter was to [stay] in force until a general election ( scheduled for 1993 ) .

The Bundesrat ( upper house of parliament ) voted on July 5 by 38 votes to 30 to remain in Bonn , the former West German capital , although the Bundestag ( lower house ) had voted in June to move its seat to Berlin [ see p. 38298 ] .
the bundesrat ( upper house of parliament ) voted on july 5 by 38 votes to 30 to [stay] in bonn , the former west german capital , although the bundestag ( lower house ) had voted in june to move its seat to berlin [ see p. 38298 ] .

Shaikh Hamad 's observation that borders within the Arab world should remain as they were at independence was , however , interpreted as an indication of Bahrain 's continued claim to the islands .
shaikh hamad 's observation that borders within the arab world should [stay] as they were at independence was , however , interpreted as an indication of bahrain 's continued claim to the islands .

He said that although `` the French did not agree to that issue initially … now we have managed to secure their agreement that we should remain in Eurodif as a shareholder in the company which enriches uranium `` .
he said that although `` the french did not agree to that issue initially … now we have managed to secure their agreement that we should [stay] in eurodif as a shareholder in the company which enriches uranium `` .

Additional question : " Do you agree that Uzbekistan should remain part of a renewed union ( federation ) as an equal sovereign republic ? " Yes : more than 94% .
additional question : " do you agree that uzbekistan should [stay] part of a renewed union ( federation ) as an equal sovereign republic ? " yes : more than 94% .

Drawn up by a panel of civilian and military experts , the charter was to remain in force for a 30-month interim period , at the end of which a referendum would be held on a new constitution for Chad .
drawn up by a panel of civilian and military experts , the charter was to [stay] in force for a 30-month interim period , at the end of which a referendum would be held on a new constitution for chad .

In a later address to the Hong Kong chamber of commerce Lu also sought to reassure the business community and international investors that Hong Kong would remain a free port and an international financial centre after 1997 and that its prosperity would be maintained and investments protected .
in a later address to the hong kong chamber of commerce lu also sought to reassure the business community and international investors that hong kong would [stay] a free port and an international financial centre after 1997 and that its prosperity would be maintained and investments protected .

On March 14 President Vaclav Havel , who had come to Bratislava to urge Slovaks to remain within the federation , was physically threatened by demonstrators .
on march 14 president vaclav havel , who had come to bratislava to urge slovaks to [stay] within the federation , was physically threatened by demonstrators .

Accepting that `` if the Slovaks want to live in an independent state , they have the right to do so `` , he said nevertheless that he saw `` no indication `` that a majority of Slovaks wanted to secede , and he urged them to remain within the federation and not to succumb to `` nationalist narrowmindedness `` .
accepting that `` if the slovaks want to live in an independent state , they have the right to do so `` , he said nevertheless that he saw `` no indication `` that a majority of slovaks wanted to secede , and he urged them to [stay] within the federation and not to succumb to `` nationalist narrowmindedness `` .

The self-appointed executive council of the " autonomous region " of Krajina adopted on March 16 a formal decision to break away from Croatia permanently , but declared that it would remain a constituent element of the Yugoslav federation .
the self-appointed executive council of the " autonomous region " of krajina adopted on march 16 a formal decision to break away from croatia permanently , but declared that it would [stay] a constituent element of the yugoslav federation .

According to the Independent of April 1 , the scant mention of Iraq illustrated `` the deference accorded to a state on the verge of collapse — a state that leading Arab governments want to remain intact `` .
according to the independent of april 1 , the scant mention of iraq illustrated `` the deference accorded to a state on the verge of collapse — a state that leading arab governments want to [stay] intact `` .

The Amir accepted the government 's resignation , but called on ministers to remain in office until a new Cabinet was formed .
the amir accepted the government 's resignation , but called on ministers to [stay] in office until a new cabinet was formed .

The parliament , designed to promote political and economic integration in the region , was formally established on Oct. 28 by Honduras , Guatemala , and El Salvador , but its credibility was immediately in question as neither Costa Rica nor Nicaragua had joined , for domestic constitutional reasons , and would remain as observers .
the parliament , designed to promote political and economic integration in the region , was formally established on oct. 28 by honduras , guatemala , and el salvador , but its credibility was immediately in question as neither costa rica nor nicaragua had joined , for domestic constitutional reasons , and would [stay] as observers .

The report stated that pasture lands would remain state-owned , since livestock rearing in Mongolia was still largely nomadic .
the report stated that pasture lands would [stay] state-owned , since livestock rearing in mongolia was still largely nomadic .

Developments in the republics in October , in the accelerated process of the dissolution of central Soviet power , included assertions of increasing autonomy not only over economic but also over military arrangements [ see under individual headings below , but also p. 38553 for Gorbachev 's statement when proposing arms reductions that central control over Soviet nuclear weapons would remain ] .
developments in the republics in october , in the accelerated process of the dissolution of central soviet power , included assertions of increasing autonomy not only over economic but also over military arrangements [ see under individual headings below , but also p. 38553 for gorbachev 's statement when proposing arms reductions that central control over soviet nuclear weapons would [stay] ] .

Kazakh president Nursultan Nazarbayev , visiting the United Kingdom on Oct. 28-31 , confirmed that nuclear weapons stationed in Kazakhstan would remain there , under the joint control of Kazakhstan and the other republics party to the economic treaty .
kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev , visiting the united kingdom on oct. 28-31 , confirmed that nuclear weapons stationed in kazakhstan would [stay] there , under the joint control of kazakhstan and the other republics party to the economic treaty .

Chancellor Kohl said that Germany would remain a `` nation of friendship for foreigners `` but stressed that the right of asylum should not be abused , a point which he again emphasized on Oct. 13 when he described those who attacked foreigners as `` fools and criminals `` bringing shame on Germany .
chancellor kohl said that germany would [stay] a `` nation of friendship for foreigners `` but stressed that the right of asylum should not be abused , a point which he again emphasized on oct. 13 when he described those who attacked foreigners as `` fools and criminals `` bringing shame on germany .

Its key provisions were that ( i ) foreign , defence and monetary policy would remain the responsibility of the federation ; ( ii ) the two republics would be represented equally in federal bodies ; ( iii ) each republic would have the right to sign international treaties in areas of regional concern ( to be defined in a future constitution ) ; and ( iv ) each republic would have the right to leave the federation after a referendum .
its key provisions were that ( i ) foreign , defence and monetary policy would [stay] the responsibility of the federation ; ( ii ) the two republics would be represented equally in federal bodies ; ( iii ) each republic would have the right to sign international treaties in areas of regional concern ( to be defined in a future constitution ) ; and ( iv ) each republic would have the right to leave the federation after a referendum .

Army officers described the deployment as `` very short-term `` , but stressed that they would remain as long as they were needed .
army officers described the deployment as `` very short-term `` , but stressed that they would [stay] as long as they were needed .

The failure of Western intelligence to detect the 5-megawatt plant led some analysts to speculate that much of the country 's real nuclear potential might remain hidden .
the failure of western intelligence to detect the 5-megawatt plant led some analysts to speculate that much of the country 's real nuclear potential might [stay] hidden .

On May 5 Mujjaddedi , who had already indicated that he might remain as interim president for longer than the specified two months , appointed a Cabinet ( most members in an acting capacity ) in a move regarded by some commentators as a violation of the Peshawar Accord .
on may 5 mujjaddedi , who had already indicated that he might [stay] as interim president for longer than the specified two months , appointed a cabinet ( most members in an acting capacity ) in a move regarded by some commentators as a violation of the peshawar accord .

Upon his return to Bangladesh Khan sided with the `` neutralists `` and made it clear to his officers that he wanted the military to remain impartial in the ongoing political conflict .
upon his return to bangladesh khan sided with the `` neutralists `` and made it clear to his officers that he wanted the military to [stay] impartial in the ongoing political conflict .

Although he said he would remain active in Polish politics , he left Poland for Canada on Dec. 12 .
although he said he would [stay] active in polish politics , he left poland for canada on dec. 12 .

However , doubts still remained about the safety of an estimated 1,000 foreign nationals who had chosen to remain in Iraq and Kuwait .
however , doubts still remained about the safety of an estimated 1,000 foreign nationals who had chosen to [stay] in iraq and kuwait .

The mining , energy , chemical and major metallurgical industries would remain under state control , although the possibility of joint ventures was contemplated .
the mining , energy , chemical and major metallurgical industries would [stay] under state control , although the possibility of joint ventures was contemplated .

Land would remain state-owned and might not be bought or sold , but inheritance rights over land would be guaranteed and peasants would be free to set their own prices for their produce .
land would [stay] state-owned and might not be bought or sold , but inheritance rights over land would be guaranteed and peasants would be free to set their own prices for their produce .

Only those convicted of criminal offences and President Ibrahim Babangida himself remain banned from standing in the elections .
only those convicted of criminal offences and president ibrahim babangida himself [stay] banned from standing in the elections .

Bush accepted the resignation `` with reluctance , regret , and a sense of personal loss `` , and announced that Sununu would remain as counsellor to the President with Cabinet rank until March 1992 , in order to assist with the transition of responsibilities to his successor .
bush accepted the resignation `` with reluctance , regret , and a sense of personal loss `` , and announced that sununu would [stay] as counsellor to the president with cabinet rank until march 1992 , in order to assist with the transition of responsibilities to his successor .

The remainder of Nunavut would remain federal crown land , and the Inuit would be eligible to receive a portion of any future resource royalties .
the remainder of nunavut would [stay] federal crown land , and the inuit would be eligible to receive a portion of any future resource royalties .

Hawke defended the changes on the grounds that Kerin had suffered a `` loss of confidence `` which had inhibited his presentation of economic strategy , but gave assurances that the basic economic policy of his administration would remain unchanged .
hawke defended the changes on the grounds that kerin had suffered a `` loss of confidence `` which had inhibited his presentation of economic strategy , but gave assurances that the basic economic policy of his administration would [stay] unchanged .

The latest disclosures , which prompted fresh appeals for the lifting of the UN-imposed boycott , came as the United States State Department on Dec. 3 announced that sanctions would remain " in order to secure Iraq 's compliance with the terms of the [ Gulf war ] ceasefire " .
the latest disclosures , which prompted fresh appeals for the lifting of the un-imposed boycott , came as the united states state department on dec. 3 announced that sanctions would [stay] " in order to secure iraq 's compliance with the terms of the [ gulf war ] ceasefire " .

Serbia and Montenegro proposed an amendment to permit not only republics but also `` nations `` to remain within Yugoslavia , a formula under which Serbs in Croatia could elect to join this entity .
serbia and montenegro proposed an amendment to permit not only republics but also `` nations `` to [stay] within yugoslavia , a formula under which serbs in croatia could elect to join this entity .

He expressed particular concern that the President would remain Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces , albeit nominally .
he expressed particular concern that the president would [stay] commander-in-chief of the armed forces , albeit nominally .

On Oct. 31 , the People 's Assembly had approved a bill to give financial assistance to `` persons who remain jobless due to the implementation of economic reform `` .
on oct. 31 , the people 's assembly had approved a bill to give financial assistance to `` persons who [stay] jobless due to the implementation of economic reform `` .

Bielicki formally submitted his resignation at the inaugural session of the new Sejm on Nov. 25 , despite a plea from Walesa to remain .
bielicki formally submitted his resignation at the inaugural session of the new sejm on nov. 25 , despite a plea from walesa to [stay] .

In July 1991 Israel had lifted the sanctions it had adopted against South Africa in 1987 , but had made it clear that new military contracts would remain formally embargoed .
in july 1991 israel had lifted the sanctions it had adopted against south africa in 1987 , but had made it clear that new military contracts would [stay] formally embargoed .

It also suggested that he would be permitted to remain as leader until the completion of his first term in October 1991 , and would possibly achieve a second two-year term .
it also suggested that he would be permitted to [stay] as leader until the completion of his first term in october 1991 , and would possibly achieve a second two-year term .

In late October 1990 Namaliu adjourned parliament early in order to avoid a planned no confidence motion ( over the Bougainville situation — see above ) , and in November he announced that the legislature would remain adjourned until July 1 , 1991 .
in late october 1990 namaliu adjourned parliament early in order to avoid a planned no confidence motion ( over the bougainville situation — see above ) , and in november he announced that the legislature would [stay] adjourned until july 1 , 1991 .

An electronic intelligence-gathering station , staffed by former Soviet personnel , would remain .
an electronic intelligence-gathering station , staffed by former soviet personnel , would [stay] .

Guzmán would remain potentially highly dangerous , even in prison , because his followers could be expected to use all possible means to try to force his release .
guzmán would [stay] potentially highly dangerous , even in prison , because his followers could be expected to use all possible means to try to force his release .

Negotiations between Abkhazia , Georgia and Russia on Sept. 3 in Moscow resulted in a ceasefire effective from Sept. 5 , the establishment of a tripartite monitoring and inspection committee and agreement that Georgian troops would remain in Abkhazia .
negotiations between abkhazia , georgia and russia on sept. 3 in moscow resulted in a ceasefire effective from sept. 5 , the establishment of a tripartite monitoring and inspection committee and agreement that georgian troops would [stay] in abkhazia .

Ingushetia , merged with the Chechen republic since 1934 , had again become a separate region in June 1992 , having responded to Chechnia 's independence demands in March 1992 with a demand to remain in the Russian Federation [ see p. 38826 ] .
ingushetia , merged with the chechen republic since 1934 , had again become a separate region in june 1992 , having responded to chechnia 's independence demands in march 1992 with a demand to [stay] in the russian federation [ see p. 38826 ] .

The decree on state power would remain in force until the implementation of a new Georgian constitution .
the decree on state power would [stay] in force until the implementation of a new georgian constitution .

In a riposte to the Council Aziz told a press conference in New York on Nov. 24 that `` no matter what Iraq does in fulfilment of obligations imposed upon it , the unjust sentence passed by the Council to starve the people of Iraq will remain in place because this is the will of certain influential governments `` .
in a riposte to the council aziz told a press conference in new york on nov. 24 that `` no matter what iraq does in fulfilment of obligations imposed upon it , the unjust sentence passed by the council to starve the people of iraq will [stay] in place because this is the will of certain influential governments `` .

The Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces , Gen. Jorge Moreira Rojas , appealed to government and opposition politicians on Nov. 17 to remain calm `` for the good of the image of Bolivian democracy `` .
the commander in chief of the armed forces , gen. jorge moreira rojas , appealed to government and opposition politicians on nov. 17 to [stay] calm `` for the good of the image of bolivian democracy `` .

Announcing his forthcoming retirement in 1988 , he had made it clear that he would remain on hand to step in if necessary .
announcing his forthcoming retirement in 1988 , he had made it clear that he would [stay] on hand to step in if necessary .

Goods and services were classified in three groups : prices for electricity , gas , home heating fuels and rents would be raised on Jan. 1 , 1991 , and remain fixed for one year ; prices of 99 basic products , including bread , milk , meat and children 's clothes , would be adjusted every three months , with equivalent wage adjustments ; and prices of all other goods would be freed from all controls .
goods and services were classified in three groups : prices for electricity , gas , home heating fuels and rents would be raised on jan. 1 , 1991 , and [stay] fixed for one year ; prices of 99 basic products , including bread , milk , meat and children 's clothes , would be adjusted every three months , with equivalent wage adjustments ; and prices of all other goods would be freed from all controls .

Decides to remain seized of the matter . ``
decides to [stay] seized of the matter . ``

The President had hoped that the Bongho-Nouarra administration would remain in office until elections ( due within 45 days of the Nov. 17 dissolution of the National Assembly ) .
the president had hoped that the bongho-nouarra administration would [stay] in office until elections ( due within 45 days of the nov. 17 dissolution of the national assembly ) .

The workforce was to be cut by nearly half , with 150,000 miners losing their jobs over 10 years , although coal extraction would remain constant at 135,000,000 tonnes due to doubled productivity .
the workforce was to be cut by nearly half , with 150,000 miners losing their jobs over 10 years , although coal extraction would [stay] constant at 135,000,000 tonnes due to doubled productivity .

In a wide-ranging parliamentary debate on right-wing violence on Dec. 10 , Federal Chancellor Helmut Kohl said : `` The use of violence must remain a taboo in our society .
in a wide-ranging parliamentary debate on right-wing violence on dec. 10 , federal chancellor helmut kohl said : `` the use of violence must [stay] a taboo in our society .

It was not clear whether Mmusi would remain secretary-general of the ruling Botswana Democratic Party .
it was not clear whether mmusi would [stay] secretary-general of the ruling botswana democratic party .

Bases of the 14th Army had come under attack from civilians looking for weapons , and initial assurances that the Army would remain neutral were followed by a statement issued on March 17 that , should war in the region become a reality , the Army would act to defend itself .
bases of the 14th army had come under attack from civilians looking for weapons , and initial assurances that the army would [stay] neutral were followed by a statement issued on march 17 that , should war in the region become a reality , the army would act to defend itself .

On March 24 bills were presented covering ( i ) the handling and utilization of undertakings scheduled to remain public concerns ; ( ii ) the sale , utilization and protection of assets temporarily in state ownership ( i.e. scheduled for privatization ) , and ( iii ) amendments to existing outdated decrees on state assets .
on march 24 bills were presented covering ( i ) the handling and utilization of undertakings scheduled to [stay] public concerns ; ( ii ) the sale , utilization and protection of assets temporarily in state ownership ( i.e. scheduled for privatization ) , and ( iii ) amendments to existing outdated decrees on state assets .

However , the Financial Times of Oct. 21 reported that Western companies `` are likely to remain sceptical … since they are still owed millions of dollars for products delivered to North Korea two decades ago `` .
however , the financial times of oct. 21 reported that western companies `` are likely to [stay] sceptical … since they are still owed millions of dollars for products delivered to north korea two decades ago `` .

Elections to the reconstituted 50-seat National Assembly took place on Oct. 5 , the government having affirmed in a statement on Sept. 6 that it would remain strictly impartial during the electoral process .
elections to the reconstituted 50-seat national assembly took place on oct. 5 , the government having affirmed in a statement on sept. 6 that it would [stay] strictly impartial during the electoral process .

On Oct. 13 the Russian Defence Minister , Marshal Pavel Grachev , had been quoted as saying that Russia 's moratorium " can not remain in force forever " and that he would shortly propose the limited resumption of nuclear testing at Russia 's test base on the Arctic island of Novaya Zemlya .
on oct. 13 the russian defence minister , marshal pavel grachev , had been quoted as saying that russia 's moratorium " can not [stay] in force forever " and that he would shortly propose the limited resumption of nuclear testing at russia 's test base on the arctic island of novaya zemlya .

While it appeared that the race might well remain technically undecided until the final round of primaries in June , the resurgence of Clinton 's campaign had the effect of dampening speculation concerning a brokered convention and made it almost certain that the Arkansas Governor would win the Democratic nomination .
while it appeared that the race might well [stay] technically undecided until the final round of primaries in june , the resurgence of clinton 's campaign had the effect of dampening speculation concerning a brokered convention and made it almost certain that the arkansas governor would win the democratic nomination .

They gave the de Klerk proposals a cautious welcome but called for sanctions to remain strictly in force until all arrangements were in place for a new constitution and democratic elections .
they gave the de klerk proposals a cautious welcome but called for sanctions to [stay] strictly in force until all arrangements were in place for a new constitution and democratic elections .

The other 132 were senior state employees responsible for the management of public funds , who were required to remain in the country until a routine administrative review was performed by government auditors .
the other 132 were senior state employees responsible for the management of public funds , who were required to [stay] in the country until a routine administrative review was performed by government auditors .

Prior to taking office Aristide let it be known that he intended to remain outside the existing structure of political parties within Haiti .
prior to taking office aristide let it be known that he intended to [stay] outside the existing structure of political parties within haiti .

The two would remain in coalition under the Civic Forum umbrella , however , until the next general election due , by June 1992 .
the two would [stay] in coalition under the civic forum umbrella , however , until the next general election due , by june 1992 .

However , Palestinians were forced to remain within the occupied territories so that the majority were effectively barred from their jobs in Israel .
however , palestinians were forced to [stay] within the occupied territories so that the majority were effectively barred from their jobs in israel .

The large urban local authorities which remain the last bastion of Labour power have tried to undercut New Right attacks by improving the efficiency and quality of their services , and becoming more responsive to their users ( Fenwick 1989 ; Young 1991 ) .
the large urban local authorities which [stay] the last bastion of labour power have tried to undercut new right attacks by improving the efficiency and quality of their services , and becoming more responsive to their users ( fenwick 1989 ; young 1991 ) .

The teacher may not instantly use all of this material , but the aim should be to build up a growing collection of useful resources which will remain the property of the school and which can be handed on to any teacher , or supply teacher who has to teach the course .
the teacher may not instantly use all of this material , but the aim should be to build up a growing collection of useful resources which will [stay] the property of the school and which can be handed on to any teacher , or supply teacher who has to teach the course .

With improvements in reading skills , written documents and books will become far more important , though artefacts , pictures , stories , and oral history remain central .
with improvements in reading skills , written documents and books will become far more important , though artefacts , pictures , stories , and oral history [stay] central .

Some displays may remain in place for lengthy periods .
some displays may [stay] in place for lengthy periods .

Provided such views are informed by good practice teachers should remain confident of their own expertise .
provided such views are informed by good practice teachers should [stay] confident of their own expertise .

Direct experience of `` the real thing `` must after all remain the primary purpose of any site visit .
direct experience of `` the real thing `` must after all [stay] the primary purpose of any site visit .

If the purpose of the annexation be for the better enjoyment of the object itself , it may remain a chattel , notwithstanding a high degree of physical annexation .
if the purpose of the annexation be for the better enjoyment of the object itself , it may [stay] a chattel , notwithstanding a high degree of physical annexation .

1 ( 1 ) In this section " residential occupier " , in relation to any premises , means a person occupying the premises as a residence , whether under a contract or by virtue of any enactment or rule of law giving him the right to remain in occupation or restricting the right of any other person to recover possession of the premises .
1 ( 1 ) in this section " residential occupier " , in relation to any premises , means a person occupying the premises as a residence , whether under a contract or by virtue of any enactment or rule of law giving him the right to [stay] in occupation or restricting the right of any other person to recover possession of the premises .

Section 5 ( 4 ) deems ownership to remain with the victim .
section 5 ( 4 ) deems ownership to [stay] with the victim .

But your conclusion can properly come to a decision on one side , and need not remain balanced ( so avoid : `` both sides have their virtues and it is difficult to decide between them `` ) .
but your conclusion can properly come to a decision on one side , and need not [stay] balanced ( so avoid : `` both sides have their virtues and it is difficult to decide between them `` ) .

Even if an establishment is suffering from only a few of the above problems , the cost penalties can remain extremely high .
even if an establishment is suffering from only a few of the above problems , the cost penalties can [stay] extremely high .

Packaging , transport and temperature controls have resulted in the growth of industries which are connected with handling and storage , but still those last few feet to the point of consumption remain critical .
packaging , transport and temperature controls have resulted in the growth of industries which are connected with handling and storage , but still those last few feet to the point of consumption [stay] critical .

Choose 7/8in mats where workers remain for a full shift ; 1/2in mats at work stations used for hours at a time ; 3/8in mats in traffic areas .
choose 7/8in mats where workers [stay] for a full shift ; 1/2in mats at work stations used for hours at a time ; 3/8in mats in traffic areas .

The Caribbean population has been `` ghettoised `` ( though not on the American model , since they remain a minority even in the `` ghetto `` areas ) for a variety of reasons , among them discrimination in housing by Local Authorities , estate agents and private landlords : economic factors ; and the desire to live with other black people for the sake of community , solidarity and protection against racist attacks .
the caribbean population has been `` ghettoised `` ( though not on the american model , since they [stay] a minority even in the `` ghetto `` areas ) for a variety of reasons , among them discrimination in housing by local authorities , estate agents and private landlords : economic factors ; and the desire to live with other black people for the sake of community , solidarity and protection against racist attacks .

Whichever of the possibilities is realised in practice , we would expect the two languages — Creole and unrelated Standard — to retain their integrity as languages and not to converge linguistically to any great extent , except in terms of vocabulary : in other words , they are likely to remain fundamentally dissimilar in their grammar and phonology .
whichever of the possibilities is realised in practice , we would expect the two languages — creole and unrelated standard — to retain their integrity as languages and not to converge linguistically to any great extent , except in terms of vocabulary : in other words , they are likely to [stay] fundamentally dissimilar in their grammar and phonology .

The product does not have to remain in the packaging and the mere possibility of someone having tampered with the goods is not sufficient to exonerate the defendant .
the product does not have to [stay] in the packaging and the mere possibility of someone having tampered with the goods is not sufficient to exonerate the defendant .

Some historians remain sceptical about this , while others are convinced that it does , and that an early form of military organisation was based upon the herred system ; that it appears in southern Norway and Västergötland in Sweden too has led to the contention that it was introduced there in Viking times , perhaps by Swegen or Cnut .
some historians [stay] sceptical about this , while others are convinced that it does , and that an early form of military organisation was based upon the herred system ; that it appears in southern norway and västergötland in sweden too has led to the contention that it was introduced there in viking times , perhaps by swegen or cnut .

Under normal conditions of peacetime democracy , when there was no longer any pressing national crisis , the General could not remain a composite of values , images , and emotions .
under normal conditions of peacetime democracy , when there was no longer any pressing national crisis , the general could not [stay] a composite of values , images , and emotions .

On 27 May , after a private meeting with Pflimlin , he issued a communiqué declaring that he had begun `` the proper process necessary for the establishment of a republican government `` , and urging the troops in Algeria to remain `` exemplary , under the command of their leaders `` .
on 27 may , after a private meeting with pflimlin , he issued a communiqué declaring that he had begun `` the proper process necessary for the establishment of a republican government `` , and urging the troops in algeria to [stay] `` exemplary , under the command of their leaders `` .

He also allowed Salan to remain in sole possession of military and civilian authority , and treated him with ostentatious respect and cordiality .
he also allowed salan to [stay] in sole possession of military and civilian authority , and treated him with ostentatious respect and cordiality .

In particular , following monopolisation costs are unlikely to remain unchanged , as we have so far assumed .
in particular , following monopolisation costs are unlikely to [stay] unchanged , as we have so far assumed .

The IBMers who remain are n't making as much fuss as the outsiders looking in ; many are enjoying new challenges , finding new career opportunities .
the ibmers who [stay] are n't making as much fuss as the outsiders looking in ; many are enjoying new challenges , finding new career opportunities .

( i ) where the specified event happens in respect of a member , any share registered in his name may , notwithstanding paragraph ( 1 ) of this Rule , remain so registered for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it remains so registered ; and
( i ) where the specified event happens in respect of a member , any share registered in his name may , notwithstanding paragraph ( 1 ) of this rule , [stay] so registered for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it remains so registered ; and

bodies if they are to remain recognised
bodies if they are to [stay] recognised

( i ) where the specified event happens in respect of a member , any share registered in his name may , notwithstanding paragraph ( 1 ) of this Rule , remain so registered for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it remains so registered ; and
( i ) where the specified event happens in respect of a member , any share registered in his name may , notwithstanding paragraph ( 1 ) of this rule , [stay] so registered for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it remains so registered ; and

( 1 ) Every recognition granted under these Rules shall , subject to paragraph ( 2 ) of this Rule , remain in force until the end of the third 31st May next after that recognition is granted except where prior to that time the recognition expires under Rule 9 or is revoked .
( 1 ) every recognition granted under these rules shall , subject to paragraph ( 2 ) of this rule , [stay] in force until the end of the third 31st may next after that recognition is granted except where prior to that time the recognition expires under rule 9 or is revoked .

Certain provisions ( or provisions to like effect ) in the Articles are necessary for an incorporated practice to be able to comply with and remain in compliance with the Rules .
certain provisions ( or provisions to like effect ) in the articles are necessary for an incorporated practice to be able to comply with and [stay] in compliance with the rules .

It should be noted that the rules require a declaration when a company applies for recognition that its memorandum and articles enable it to remain in compliance with certain key Rules .
it should be noted that the rules require a declaration when a company applies for recognition that its memorandum and articles enable it to [stay] in compliance with certain key rules .

Certain Articles ( or articles to like effect ) need to be included to enable an incorporated practice to comply with and remain in compliance with the Rules .
certain articles ( or articles to like effect ) need to be included to enable an incorporated practice to comply with and [stay] in compliance with the rules .

Certain provisions ( or provisions to like effect ) in the Articles are necessary for an incorporated practice to be able to comply with and remain in compliance with the Rules .
certain provisions ( or provisions to like effect ) in the articles are necessary for an incorporated practice to be able to comply with and [stay] in compliance with the rules .

It should be noted that the rules require a declaration when a company applies for recognition that its memorandum and articles enable it to remain in compliance with certain key Rules .
it should be noted that the rules require a declaration when a company applies for recognition that its memorandum and articles enable it to [stay] in compliance with certain key rules .

Certain Articles ( or articles to like effect ) need to be included to enable an incorporated practice to comply with and remain in compliance with the Rules .
certain articles ( or articles to like effect ) need to be included to enable an incorporated practice to comply with and [stay] in compliance with the rules .

According to Adam Smith , attacks on machinery were symptoms of desperation on the part of workers nearing the end of their ability to remain on strike .
according to adam smith , attacks on machinery were symptoms of desperation on the part of workers nearing the end of their ability to [stay] on strike .

It is in the nature of the evidence that the debate will remain inconclusive .
it is in the nature of the evidence that the debate will [stay] inconclusive .

Even if the signal were transcribed into a perfect description of the sound , the utterance might remain partially ambiguous without the application of further sources of information .
even if the signal were transcribed into a perfect description of the sound , the utterance might [stay] partially ambiguous without the application of further sources of information .

Although the study of Huttenlocher & Zue ( 1984 ) suggests that words in the lexicon remain highly discriminable when represented in broad-classes , or a mixture of broad-classes and phonemes , an excessively large number of word-strings can be derived when these kinds of phonological representations are parsed in continuous speech .
although the study of huttenlocher & zue ( 1984 ) suggests that words in the lexicon [stay] highly discriminable when represented in broad-classes , or a mixture of broad-classes and phonemes , an excessively large number of word-strings can be derived when these kinds of phonological representations are parsed in continuous speech .

In all circumstances the proceedings will remain confidential .
in all circumstances the proceedings will [stay] confidential .

and shall remain so .
and shall [stay] so .

But some problems remain unresolved or unaddressed .
but some problems [stay] unresolved or unaddressed .

to social security benefits , but specific difficulties remain , particularly in regard to taxation .
to social security benefits , but specific difficulties [stay] , particularly in regard to taxation .

The majority of the workforces in the Middle East remain multinational and the vast labour forces of the Subcontinent and far East are readily available and accessible to companies operating in the Middle East .
the majority of the workforces in the middle east [stay] multinational and the vast labour forces of the subcontinent and far east are readily available and accessible to companies operating in the middle east .

Certain specialists such as female dieticians and nutritional experts may be employed in the health sector but in general positions in the contract catering field remain exclusively male .
certain specialists such as female dieticians and nutritional experts may be employed in the health sector but in general positions in the contract catering field [stay] exclusively male .

This fee due in September will remain at £7 as we have had such good support from most of you .
this fee due in september will [stay] at £7 as we have had such good support from most of you .

All grades are to remain the same for the coming year .
all grades are to [stay] the same for the coming year .

This fee due in September will remain at £7 as we have had such good support from most of you .
this fee due in september will [stay] at £7 as we have had such good support from most of you .

All grades are to remain the same for the coming year .
all grades are to [stay] the same for the coming year .

Persia , Mesopotamia and Egypt remain more or less where Hellenistic erudition put them as the holders of barbarian wisdom .
persia , mesopotamia and egypt [stay] more or less where hellenistic erudition put them as the holders of barbarian wisdom .

The citizens of Massalia in their turn could not remain insensitive to the surrounding civilization .
the citizens of massalia in their turn could not [stay] insensitive to the surrounding civilization .

The general impression of Massalia in ancient sources is of a city which had decided to remain unchanged in its archaic Hellenic shape .
the general impression of massalia in ancient sources is of a city which had decided to [stay] unchanged in its archaic hellenic shape .

So absorbed was Massalia in her effort to remain Greek — and aristocratic — that , to all appearances , she never organized any exploration of the interior of Gaul , and never transmitted any precise knowledge of Celtic institutions and customs to the other Greeks .
so absorbed was massalia in her effort to [stay] greek — and aristocratic — that , to all appearances , she never organized any exploration of the interior of gaul , and never transmitted any precise knowledge of celtic institutions and customs to the other greeks .

Scrub the mussels well , remove the hairy ‘ beards ’ and discard any that remain open .
scrub the mussels well , remove the hairy ‘ beards ’ and discard any that [stay] open .

At the time , after years of wartime austerity , consumers were so relieved to sink their teeth into a nice slice of meat that they seemed content to remain in ignorance about its origins .
at the time , after years of wartime austerity , consumers were so relieved to sink their teeth into a nice slice of meat that they seemed content to [stay] in ignorance about its origins .

About 20 per cent of all quality French wines ( that is , wines with an appellation ) come from Alsace , but outside France their biggest fans remain within the wine trade itself .
about 20 per cent of all quality french wines ( that is , wines with an appellation ) come from alsace , but outside france their biggest fans [stay] within the wine trade itself .

After a pious and seemingly untroubled Christian upbringing , he was duly confirmed in 1861 at the age of sixteen , but within a year was already casting a cold eye on the case for a `` literalistic attitude `` towards Christian doctrine and asserting that `` the existence of God , immortality , the authority of the Bible , inspiration and other things will always remain problems .
after a pious and seemingly untroubled christian upbringing , he was duly confirmed in 1861 at the age of sixteen , but within a year was already casting a cold eye on the case for a `` literalistic attitude `` towards christian doctrine and asserting that `` the existence of god , immortality , the authority of the bible , inspiration and other things will always [stay] problems .

The recovery was to remain partial : his permanent ill-health dates from this time .
the recovery was to [stay] partial : his permanent ill-health dates from this time .

Apollo is also the soothsaying god , < the god of the Delphic oracle > ; but though Apolline images seem to offer higher truth , they are and remain mere appearance .
apollo is also the soothsaying god , < the god of the delphic oracle > ; but though apolline images seem to offer higher truth , they are and [stay] mere appearance .

We must also contrast the dithyramb with the other kinds of choral song developed by the Greeks , all essentially Apolline , in which there is no `` entering into `` and the singers remain `` themselves `` , retaining their names and keeping a sense of their ordinary civic status .
we must also contrast the dithyramb with the other kinds of choral song developed by the greeks , all essentially apolline , in which there is no `` entering into `` and the singers [stay] `` themselves `` , retaining their names and keeping a sense of their ordinary civic status .

In the absence of any informed critical guidance , it is true , they would be unable to go any further : the experience would remain isolated and leave nothing behind it .
in the absence of any informed critical guidance , it is true , they would be unable to go any further : the experience would [stay] isolated and leave nothing behind it .

He must have wondered what the outcome of it all would be , though he was not to remain in doubt for much longer .
he must have wondered what the outcome of it all would be , though he was not to [stay] in doubt for much longer .

Yet affairs which , perhaps , appeared to be progressing well enough were not to remain so for many more years .
yet affairs which , perhaps , appeared to be progressing well enough were not to [stay] so for many more years .

If any memorials were erected at their burials , as at Crosthwaite , none remain today .
if any memorials were erected at their burials , as at crosthwaite , none [stay] today .

It was not unknown for an unexploded portion of an old charge to remain dormant but active for years under such conditions .
it was not unknown for an unexploded portion of an old charge to [stay] dormant but active for years under such conditions .

To the mortification of the partners the Royalty was to remain unchanged at one-twelfth .
to the mortification of the partners the royalty was to [stay] unchanged at one-twelfth .

As noted above , the mortality of children early in their life and the bearing of children who remain in poor health take a toll upon society and family .
as noted above , the mortality of children early in their life and the bearing of children who [stay] in poor health take a toll upon society and family .

The teacher can remain facing the class , so it is easier for him to maintain attention .
the teacher can [stay] facing the class , so it is easier for him to maintain attention .

Lateral Consonant For the sound/I/ , the tip or the blade of the tongue is pressed against the alveolar ridge , while the sides of the tongue remain lowered to allow the air to pass out of the mouth laterally , ie over the sides of the tongue .
lateral consonant for the sound/i/ , the tip or the blade of the tongue is pressed against the alveolar ridge , while the sides of the tongue [stay] lowered to allow the air to pass out of the mouth laterally , ie over the sides of the tongue .

Such was my father 's introduction to Abyssinia where , except for three periods of leave , he was to remain for the next ten years .
such was my father 's introduction to abyssinia where , except for three periods of leave , he was to [stay] for the next ten years .

However , interaction problems seemed to be almost insuperable if the system were to remain suitable for casual use .
however , interaction problems seemed to be almost insuperable if the system were to [stay] suitable for casual use .

If you do , you remain responsible for your child even while you 're out and if anything goes wrong , you 'd be held responsible for your babysitter 's welfare , too .
if you do , you [stay] responsible for your child even while you 're out and if anything goes wrong , you 'd be held responsible for your babysitter 's welfare , too .

Thus a certain sales figure may remain as the target but the spending habits of the income group from which the sales were to come may have shifted .
thus a certain sales figure may [stay] as the target but the spending habits of the income group from which the sales were to come may have shifted .

Some thing which is dull at first sight is likely to remain dull .
some thing which is dull at first sight is likely to [stay] dull .

But the perceptual and conceptual part of thinking is likely to remain a task for man .
but the perceptual and conceptual part of thinking is likely to [stay] a task for man .

Once or twice Carolan himself had hinted at the moral justification of force to secure the people 's just demands , but he was careful to remain within the law , and when challenged in Parliament would observe loftily that he spoke philosophically , and that he could trust the good sense of the English people to interpret his views correctly .
once or twice carolan himself had hinted at the moral justification of force to secure the people 's just demands , but he was careful to [stay] within the law , and when challenged in parliament would observe loftily that he spoke philosophically , and that he could trust the good sense of the english people to interpret his views correctly .

`` The subsequent court case was heard at Lewes when the boat 's owner pleaded guilty , but his accomplice pleaded ignorance and managed to get away without a prison sentence , his excuse being that once he realised what was happening he felt obliged to remain on board as it would have been dangerous to leave the owner alone to handle the boat with a load of passengers .
`` the subsequent court case was heard at lewes when the boat 's owner pleaded guilty , but his accomplice pleaded ignorance and managed to get away without a prison sentence , his excuse being that once he realised what was happening he felt obliged to [stay] on board as it would have been dangerous to leave the owner alone to handle the boat with a load of passengers .

Impressions of that evening still remain .
impressions of that evening still [stay] .

In monoclinic symmetry 13 elastic constants remain , 9 for orthorhombic , 5 for hexagonal and 3 for cubic symmetry .
in monoclinic symmetry 13 elastic constants [stay] , 9 for orthorhombic , 5 for hexagonal and 3 for cubic symmetry .

If this is to take place at constant temperature and pressure , the Gibbs free energy of the whole system must remain constant .
if this is to take place at constant temperature and pressure , the gibbs free energy of the whole system must [stay] constant .

The usual practice with bend tests is to assume the Euler-Beroulli theory , that plane sections remain plane and that there is no Poisson contraction or expansion .
the usual practice with bend tests is to assume the euler-beroulli theory , that plane sections [stay] plane and that there is no poisson contraction or expansion .

The bar sells ¼ gill with mixer for £1 and a half pint soft drink will remain at 50p .
the bar sells ¼ gill with mixer for £1 and a half pint soft drink will [stay] at 50p .

Though the acidic gastric juice will rapidly convert ammonia to less toxic ammonium ions , the high pH at the site of ammonia production underneath the mucus layer could allow it to remain in its unionised noxious state .
though the acidic gastric juice will rapidly convert ammonia to less toxic ammonium ions , the high ph at the site of ammonia production underneath the mucus layer could allow it to [stay] in its unionised noxious state .

In 90 sludge or fragments remain present .
in 90 sludge or fragments [stay] present .

In essence , however , the predisposing factors remain unknown .
in essence , however , the predisposing factors [stay] unknown .

In contrast , mucosal concentrations after Salazopyrin remain low in both situations .
in contrast , mucosal concentrations after salazopyrin [stay] low in both situations .

There is still evidence that the young and newly diagnosed patients remain at increased risk of death and it is among these that we must concentrate our efforts .
there is still evidence that the young and newly diagnosed patients [stay] at increased risk of death and it is among these that we must concentrate our efforts .

The positioning of the recording devices in the colonic lumen and cleansing of the bowel before pressure measurements remain non-standardized .
the positioning of the recording devices in the colonic lumen and cleansing of the bowel before pressure measurements [stay] non-standardized .

Despite extensive research , the mechanisms underlying between-individual variation in susceptibility to alcohol induced liver damage remain elusive .
despite extensive research , the mechanisms underlying between-individual variation in susceptibility to alcohol induced liver damage [stay] elusive .

Details of symptoms and endoscopic aspects of the stomach in this type of lymphoma , however , remain scarce in the published reports , and the best treatment has not yet been established .
details of symptoms and endoscopic aspects of the stomach in this type of lymphoma , however , [stay] scarce in the published reports , and the best treatment has not yet been established .

If , despite the urgency and frequency of defecation associated with ulcerative colitis , older patients affirm before operation that they are continent , we believe that they are likely to remain continent after restorative proctocolectomy provided that care is taken not to weaken the sphincter in the course of the operation and that a capacious and compliant rectal substitute is provided .
if , despite the urgency and frequency of defecation associated with ulcerative colitis , older patients affirm before operation that they are continent , we believe that they are likely to [stay] continent after restorative proctocolectomy provided that care is taken not to weaken the sphincter in the course of the operation and that a capacious and compliant rectal substitute is provided .

Despite widespread interest in gastrointestinal diseases induced by alcohol the effects of acute and chronic exposure of the stomach to alcohol remain to be fully elucidated .
despite widespread interest in gastrointestinal diseases induced by alcohol the effects of acute and chronic exposure of the stomach to alcohol [stay] to be fully elucidated .

The specific carcinogens , however , that cause the colorectal cancers in humans remain unknown .
the specific carcinogens , however , that cause the colorectal cancers in humans [stay] unknown .

The relative contributions of promary fibrinolysis and disseminated intravascular coagulation remain controversial .
the relative contributions of promary fibrinolysis and disseminated intravascular coagulation [stay] controversial .

The basic principle and benefits remain the same .
the basic principle and benefits [stay] the same .

After emigration , mononuclear phagocytes may remain as immobile tissue macrophages for several months until they are stimulated or activated .
after emigration , mononuclear phagocytes may [stay] as immobile tissue macrophages for several months until they are stimulated or activated .

As there are no control groups described so far , the causes of the disease remain speculative .
as there are no control groups described so far , the causes of the disease [stay] speculative .

Ninety per cent of stents remain patent at three years and when abnormal hyperplasia occurs , resulting in stent occlusion , it occurs during the first six months .
ninety per cent of stents [stay] patent at three years and when abnormal hyperplasia occurs , resulting in stent occlusion , it occurs during the first six months .

We suggest that the presence of acetylcholine alone will not provide an adequate stimulus for the sweat response in the event of nerve degeneration , as the full response requires the combined action of both transmitters , provided that the receptors remain intact after nerve degeneration .
we suggest that the presence of acetylcholine alone will not provide an adequate stimulus for the sweat response in the event of nerve degeneration , as the full response requires the combined action of both transmitters , provided that the receptors [stay] intact after nerve degeneration .

There is no evidence to suggest that sweat glands and their receptors remain unchanged after nerve degeneration .
there is no evidence to suggest that sweat glands and their receptors [stay] unchanged after nerve degeneration .

Whilst good prospects remain in its traditional areas of business , the company also secured a number of major overseas contracts during the year .
whilst good prospects [stay] in its traditional areas of business , the company also secured a number of major overseas contracts during the year .

Marjorie Grunte held a majority shareholding in Grunte plc ( registered in Liechtenstein ) , and her support , were Grunte to remain solvent , was essential .
marjorie grunte held a majority shareholding in grunte plc ( registered in liechtenstein ) , and her support , were grunte to [stay] solvent , was essential .

would your assessments of the portfolio remain the same ?
would your assessments of the portfolio [stay] the same ?

The end result will be no different whether the shareholder takes up his or her rights or sells them in the market ; the end value of the holding will remain unchanged .
the end result will be no different whether the shareholder takes up his or her rights or sells them in the market ; the end value of the holding will [stay] unchanged .

However , it is unlikely that dividends will remain static to infinity .
however , it is unlikely that dividends will [stay] static to infinity .

Although it is argued that the total value of the firm will remain constant , it is shown that this will be so because the price of equity will fall so as to offset the impact of using debt .
although it is argued that the total value of the firm will [stay] constant , it is shown that this will be so because the price of equity will fall so as to offset the impact of using debt .

a share which pays an annual dividend of 30p which is expected to remain the same for the foreseeable future .
a share which pays an annual dividend of 30p which is expected to [stay] the same for the foreseeable future .

, the yield curve was flat over this range and expected to remain flat , so that the l-month rate starting in one month 's time is also expected to be 9.25 per cent .
, the yield curve was flat over this range and expected to [stay] flat , so that the l-month rate starting in one month 's time is also expected to be 9.25 per cent .

The one-year rolling yield is the yield on a bond when the holding period is one year but the prices of bonds are assumed to remain constant during the year .
the one-year rolling yield is the yield on a bond when the holding period is one year but the prices of bonds are assumed to [stay] constant during the year .

When the inflation rate is expected to remain constant over time , the normal position of the yield curve is to be upward-sloping .
when the inflation rate is expected to [stay] constant over time , the normal position of the yield curve is to be upward-sloping .

This states that whatever the forms , organization and functions that a company believes it has , unless these correspond to the norms and expectations of the local culture they will remain purely superficial window dressing .
this states that whatever the forms , organization and functions that a company believes it has , unless these correspond to the norms and expectations of the local culture they will [stay] purely superficial window dressing .

Doubts remain about the saga of four men who spent 118 days drifting atop their upturned trimaran after it had been flipped by a huge wave before being washed up on an island near Auckland .
doubts [stay] about the saga of four men who spent 118 days drifting atop their upturned trimaran after it had been flipped by a huge wave before being washed up on an island near auckland .

So the prospect of a proper European Festival that would cover last Saturday 's British Festival of Racing at Ascot and this weekend 's races in France , Ireland and Newmarket , and which could rival America 's Breeders ' Cup day which has $10m in prize money , is likely to remain a dream even after 1992 .
so the prospect of a proper european festival that would cover last saturday 's british festival of racing at ascot and this weekend 's races in france , ireland and newmarket , and which could rival america 's breeders ' cup day which has $10m in prize money , is likely to [stay] a dream even after 1992 .

But the budgets will not be cash limits and GPs will remain free to prescribe all the drugs their patients need , he insisted .
but the budgets will not be cash limits and gps will [stay] free to prescribe all the drugs their patients need , he insisted .

‘ We accept that some of the gypsies , the traditional travellers , do not want to be settled and wish to remain mobile .
‘ we accept that some of the gypsies , the traditional travellers , do not want to be settled and wish to [stay] mobile .

Ministers and civil servants were naturally content to let the judges remain asleep .
ministers and civil servants were naturally content to let the judges [stay] asleep .

Until it was developed , prawn hatcheries would remain at the mercy of factors beyond their control .
until it was developed , prawn hatcheries would [stay] at the mercy of factors beyond their control .

Interest rates will have to remain painfully high for some months , and departmental spending will be made to stay within the current planning totals : even the big-spending ministers recognise they are involved in bidding against each other , rather than against the Treasury .
interest rates will have to [stay] painfully high for some months , and departmental spending will be made to stay within the current planning totals : even the big-spending ministers recognise they are involved in bidding against each other , rather than against the treasury .

The structural problems of the economy remain — inadequate saving , uncompetitive industry and insufficient investment in human capital .
the structural problems of the economy [stay] — inadequate saving , uncompetitive industry and insufficient investment in human capital .

Mr Shute is assuming the chairmanship of Ross from Ross Marks , the company 's 37-year-old founder , who will remain as chairman of the consumer electronics operations and a director of the group .
mr shute is assuming the chairmanship of ross from ross marks , the company 's 37-year-old founder , who will [stay] as chairman of the consumer electronics operations and a director of the group .

The fact that the loan losses of the banks remain heavy will force the Norwegian government to agree to the merger which otherwise might not square with its normally tough monopoly considerations .
the fact that the loan losses of the banks [stay] heavy will force the norwegian government to agree to the merger which otherwise might not square with its normally tough monopoly considerations .

Bjorn Borg vacated the courts long ago , and though the 37-year-old Jimmy Connors will continue to swing his racket with gusto when the new Association of Tennis Professionals Tour gets underway in January , Lendl , Wilander and McEnroe remain to test the 21-year-old Becker as he endeavours to convince the rankings computer that he is the top man .
bjorn borg vacated the courts long ago , and though the 37-year-old jimmy connors will continue to swing his racket with gusto when the new association of tennis professionals tour gets underway in january , lendl , wilander and mcenroe [stay] to test the 21-year-old becker as he endeavours to convince the rankings computer that he is the top man .

‘ The excess of investible funds over the supply of securities looks set to remain for at least another financial year .
‘ the excess of investible funds over the supply of securities looks set to [stay] for at least another financial year .

The mortgage rates may fluctuate , but the administration and the repayments remain the same until the time comes to adjust .
the mortgage rates may fluctuate , but the administration and the repayments [stay] the same until the time comes to adjust .

Royalties remain a dynamic issue in the wake of the great funeral fiasco .
royalties [stay] a dynamic issue in the wake of the great funeral fiasco .

The counter-proposal is that zero-rating of exports should remain , but that traders would be obliged to list every item exported for spot-inspection by customs officers .
the counter-proposal is that zero-rating of exports should [stay] , but that traders would be obliged to list every item exported for spot-inspection by customs officers .

Mr Grosz said that he would remain ‘ active in the movement ’ but would not be standing for any elected post .
mr grosz said that he would [stay] ‘ active in the movement ’ but would not be standing for any elected post .

But they do not do so in the wild , so the species remain distinct .
but they do not do so in the wild , so the species [stay] distinct .

It would , it is true , convey the necessary information from the eye to the brain , but all the necessary computations would still remain to be done .
it would , it is true , convey the necessary information from the eye to the brain , but all the necessary computations would still [stay] to be done .

They were to make perambulations , distinguishing between those districts which ought to remain in the forest , and those which ought to be put out .
they were to make perambulations , distinguishing between those districts which ought to [stay] in the forest , and those which ought to be put out .

The perambulating juries contended that only the ‘ ancient demesne ’ of the Crown should remain subject to the Forest law .
the perambulating juries contended that only the ‘ ancient demesne ’ of the crown should [stay] subject to the forest law .

The jurors at the Forest Eyre , under the watchful eye of the judges , declared that the whole county south of the ‘ Stanestreet ’ should remain within the forest .
the jurors at the forest eyre , under the watchful eye of the judges , declared that the whole county south of the ‘ stanestreet ’ should [stay] within the forest .

In Somerset a jury declared that only a corner of north-west Somerset ought to remain within Exmoor Forest : another Somerset jury made the startling statement that King John had afforested all England !
in somerset a jury declared that only a corner of north-west somerset ought to [stay] within exmoor forest : another somerset jury made the startling statement that king john had afforested all england !

In Somerset , for example , they showed by the evidence of Domesday that Dulverton and Winford were of the ‘ ancient demesne ’ of the Crown of England , and therefore ought to remain in Exmoor Forest , according to the provisions of the Charter .
in somerset , for example , they showed by the evidence of domesday that dulverton and winford were of the ‘ ancient demesne ’ of the crown of england , and therefore ought to [stay] in exmoor forest , according to the provisions of the charter .

Thus when the two English universities closed their doors , the Scots in the fifteenth century founded three , St Andrews , Glasgow and Aberdeen : an admirable example of the new Scottish combination of pride at home and interest abroad , in that these foundations were to remain largely first-degree colleges .
thus when the two english universities closed their doors , the scots in the fifteenth century founded three , st andrews , glasgow and aberdeen : an admirable example of the new scottish combination of pride at home and interest abroad , in that these foundations were to [stay] largely first-degree colleges .

Mary would remain in Scotland until she was ten , when she would be married by proxy and go to England .
mary would [stay] in scotland until she was ten , when she would be married by proxy and go to england .

They did not remain blind for long .
they did not [stay] blind for long .

But her other Scottish attendants were quickly despatched home ; only at the insistence of Mary of Guise was her daughter 's governess , Lady Fleming , allowed to remain — until 1551 , when a brief affair with the French king ensured her disgrace and expulsion .
but her other scottish attendants were quickly despatched home ; only at the insistence of mary of guise was her daughter 's governess , lady fleming , allowed to [stay] — until 1551 , when a brief affair with the french king ensured her disgrace and expulsion .

For he who thinks to remain neutral is above all a sceptic .
for he who thinks to [stay] neutral is above all a sceptic .

He says we must all remain together .
he says we must all [stay] together .

Why did he remain voiceless while her high-pitched utterances spat themselves about ?
why did he [stay] voiceless while her high-pitched utterances spat themselves about ?

My impression is that if we remain quiet this feeling will shortly disappear .
my impression is that if we [stay] quiet this feeling will shortly disappear .

The books would remain open .
the books would [stay] open .

The assumption that straight lines remain straight is not seriously incorrect if the internal angle of the cone is restricted to 30° .
the assumption that straight lines [stay] straight is not seriously incorrect if the internal angle of the cone is restricted to 30° .

Planar proportions that are harmonic on the drawing board will remain so in the structure , provided effects of overlapping are taken into consideration .
planar proportions that are harmonic on the drawing board will [stay] so in the structure , provided effects of overlapping are taken into consideration .

Dada is an event that took place between 1916 and 1922 releasing such creative energies that its reverberations and influences remain part of our daily lives : particularly among the young at heart and the rebellious .
dada is an event that took place between 1916 and 1922 releasing such creative energies that its reverberations and influences [stay] part of our daily lives : particularly among the young at heart and the rebellious .

Although it may fill both our physical and mental viewing frames , we remain detached from it and have not entered the cluster .
although it may fill both our physical and mental viewing frames , we [stay] detached from it and have not entered the cluster .

Quite what the Faulkner/SDLP executive might have achieved will always remain a matter of speculation .
quite what the faulkner/sdlp executive might have achieved will always [stay] a matter of speculation .

As we have seen , horses have basic physiological and psychological needs which must be met for them to remain in good health both physically and emotionally .
as we have seen , horses have basic physiological and psychological needs which must be met for them to [stay] in good health both physically and emotionally .

We like our horses to be friendly , and usually they are born friendly , but whether they are to remain friendly is determined very much by our handling of them .
we like our horses to be friendly , and usually they are born friendly , but whether they are to [stay] friendly is determined very much by our handling of them .

After two courses of treatment , he was driven home to Wiltshire , where he would remain until the start of the third course .
after two courses of treatment , he was driven home to wiltshire , where he would [stay] until the start of the third course .

The insecurities remain because they were so entrenched at a very important developmental time when as children they were dependent and let down .
the insecurities [stay] because they were so entrenched at a very important developmental time when as children they were dependent and let down .

For the family and friends who remain such an event is devastating .
for the family and friends who [stay] such an event is devastating .

No , there was no hope of her husband exploding with rage at the thought of leaving her and swearing that he would find a way to remain .
no , there was no hope of her husband exploding with rage at the thought of leaving her and swearing that he would find a way to [stay] .

But everything did not remain serene .
but everything did not [stay] serene .

Outwardly much appeared to remain the same .
outwardly much appeared to [stay] the same .

What is , however , abundantly clear is that , unlike the 1930s , Hitler was prepared , indeed anxious , to be publicly associated during the war with the most radical steps in the ‘ Jewish Question ’ , even though , of course , his horrific statements remained couched in vile generalities , avoiding any specific reference to the details of the ‘ Final Solution ’ , which were intended to remain entirely secret .
what is , however , abundantly clear is that , unlike the 1930s , hitler was prepared , indeed anxious , to be publicly associated during the war with the most radical steps in the ‘ jewish question ’ , even though , of course , his horrific statements remained couched in vile generalities , avoiding any specific reference to the details of the ‘ final solution ’ , which were intended to [stay] entirely secret .

How this came about must remain obscure .
how this came about must [stay] obscure .

But sadly the works of art are not destined for any gallery … they remain a very private and personal part of Kylie 's life .
but sadly the works of art are not destined for any gallery … they [stay] a very private and personal part of kylie 's life .

Some coins might remain in circulation for centuries .
some coins might [stay] in circulation for centuries .

But , in deference to religious pressure groups , the Sunday hours were to remain unchanged .
but , in deference to religious pressure groups , the sunday hours were to [stay] unchanged .

The aloofly anachronistic style of the bar , the stentorian joshing , the minor public-school humour remain the common coin , and even those who started life as the children of railway porters soon assume the mannerisms of the people whose bags their fathers carried .
the aloofly anachronistic style of the bar , the stentorian joshing , the minor public-school humour [stay] the common coin , and even those who started life as the children of railway porters soon assume the mannerisms of the people whose bags their fathers carried .

The judiciary looks set to remain the preserve of elderly , slightly unworldly men whose cast of mind is rooted in the aspirations about which Tawney had been so glowing .
the judiciary looks set to [stay] the preserve of elderly , slightly unworldly men whose cast of mind is rooted in the aspirations about which tawney had been so glowing .

So , are we saying that it is somehow abnormal or freakish to be able to stick to a healthy regime and remain slim ?
so , are we saying that it is somehow abnormal or freakish to be able to stick to a healthy regime and [stay] slim ?

Some rare people remain slim by staying with a very restrictive way of eating .
some rare people [stay] slim by staying with a very restrictive way of eating .

Teeth and bones are largely composed of calcium and it is essential that enough of this mineral is present in the diet for them to remain strong .
teeth and bones are largely composed of calcium and it is essential that enough of this mineral is present in the diet for them to [stay] strong .

Remain on the goal for Week 19 for a bit longer to get used to the less sweet taste .
[stay] on the goal for week 19 for a bit longer to get used to the less sweet taste .

As a consequence of this you are tempted to either stop your regime entirely and remain fat , or start a crash diet .
as a consequence of this you are tempted to either stop your regime entirely and [stay] fat , or start a crash diet .

The account which follows is pieced together from different sources : uncorroborated details are excluded and some motivations remain obscure .
the account which follows is pieced together from different sources : uncorroborated details are excluded and some motivations [stay] obscure .

Perhaps she had been foolish to remain here , eating a poached egg and spinach off a tray .
perhaps she had been foolish to [stay] here , eating a poached egg and spinach off a tray .

It has shown itself all at once , she can not remain at home for very much longer .
it has shown itself all at once , she can not [stay] at home for very much longer .

The journals remain cheap and popular , but demand is so great that they are bought mostly by subscription , hardly ever from a news stand .
the journals [stay] cheap and popular , but demand is so great that they are bought mostly by subscription , hardly ever from a news stand .

Only two prints remain , one of them in the Permanent Collection of the New York Museum of Modern Art .
only two prints [stay] , one of them in the permanent collection of the new york museum of modern art .

‘ Our commitment to adopt the Social Charter should remain a priority objective so that employees in our country can achieve the same rights and opportunities as their Community counterparts .
‘ our commitment to adopt the social charter should [stay] a priority objective so that employees in our country can achieve the same rights and opportunities as their community counterparts .

‘ Trade union involvement must remain at the heart of the party but it must be based far more on individual choice and decision rather than through the exercise of a block vote , ’ he said .
‘ trade union involvement must [stay] at the heart of the party but it must be based far more on individual choice and decision rather than through the exercise of a block vote , ’ he said .

They did not remain so for long .
they did not [stay] so for long .

Chris Patten , architect of Mr Major 's victory , will remain as party chairman despite losing his seat in Bath but will be allowed to attend Cabinet only for party political discussions .
chris patten , architect of mr major 's victory , will [stay] as party chairman despite losing his seat in bath but will be allowed to attend cabinet only for party political discussions .

Six , including the two girls , remain in hospital .
six , including the two girls , [stay] in hospital .

The talks will not be easy and the fundamental differences between the parties remain as potentially irreconcilable as ever .
the talks will not be easy and the fundamental differences between the parties [stay] as potentially irreconcilable as ever .

Even if Clinton were to implode , this year 's electoral circus has been so unpredictable that many diehard Republicans remain almost as queasy about their own candidate , with the economy still ropey , with Bush 's inarticulacy on home affairs still staggeringly uninspiring and with the nation utterly fed up with politicians .
even if clinton were to implode , this year 's electoral circus has been so unpredictable that many diehard republicans [stay] almost as queasy about their own candidate , with the economy still ropey , with bush 's inarticulacy on home affairs still staggeringly uninspiring and with the nation utterly fed up with politicians .

But in the forests and hills , the graveyards of vanished communities remain , a target for deranged young vandals and the politically sick .
but in the forests and hills , the graveyards of vanished communities [stay] , a target for deranged young vandals and the politically sick .

There is still racial hatred , although fewer than 5,000 Jews remain in the whole of Czechoslovakia .
there is still racial hatred , although fewer than 5,000 jews [stay] in the whole of czechoslovakia .

The second of Mr Major 's personal concerns in the campaign was that he should remain true to himself .
the second of mr major 's personal concerns in the campaign was that he should [stay] true to himself .

And did the fourth consecutive Tory victory imply that Her Majesty 's loyal Opposition was destined to remain so for the foreseeable future ?
and did the fourth consecutive tory victory imply that her majesty 's loyal opposition was destined to [stay] so for the foreseeable future ?

Strong reservations remain about Mr Ashdown 's party , despite much common ground .
strong reservations [stay] about mr ashdown 's party , despite much common ground .

After 16 , A-levels will remain the ‘ gold standard , ’ but schools will teach more vocational courses which will also be used for entry to higher education .
after 16 , a-levels will [stay] the ‘ gold standard , ’ but schools will teach more vocational courses which will also be used for entry to higher education .

‘ It will remain as it is now .
‘ it will [stay] as it is now .

Publicly , Mr Kinnock 's closest colleagues were urging him to remain in post .
publicly , mr kinnock 's closest colleagues were urging him to [stay] in post .

‘ We are and will remain the only party capable of offering an alternative government , ’ said Mr Kinnock .
‘ we are and will [stay] the only party capable of offering an alternative government , ’ said mr kinnock .

Yeltsin supporters , who formed a ‘ creative coalition ’ within the chamber , have ensured that the emergency powers to rule by decree for a year , which Congress bestowed on the President last autumn , remain wholly intact .
yeltsin supporters , who formed a ‘ creative coalition ’ within the chamber , have ensured that the emergency powers to rule by decree for a year , which congress bestowed on the president last autumn , [stay] wholly intact .

But all these observations remain surmise .
but all these observations [stay] surmise .

However , he could remain a minister pro tem .
however , he could [stay] a minister pro tem .

Six other victims , including Sara Sadoo , seven , who has had an eye operation , remain in hospital .
six other victims , including sara sadoo , seven , who has had an eye operation , [stay] in hospital .

British Rail said Fenchurch Street would remain closed throughout today .
british rail said fenchurch street would [stay] closed throughout today .

Although European markets will be later than Britain in feeling any economic recovery coming from America , the bonus for investors is that share prices remain relatively undervalued and dividend policies , traditionally less generous than in America or Britain are now catching up , chivvied by foreign and domestic investors who are more demanding than in the past .
although european markets will be later than britain in feeling any economic recovery coming from america , the bonus for investors is that share prices [stay] relatively undervalued and dividend policies , traditionally less generous than in america or britain are now catching up , chivvied by foreign and domestic investors who are more demanding than in the past .

But there has been no sign of panic flight as they remain convinced that they can still leave Libya by road , albeit at the cost of a 12-hour drive through the desert .
but there has been no sign of panic flight as they [stay] convinced that they can still leave libya by road , albeit at the cost of a 12-hour drive through the desert .

As long as nothing from the Titanic is raised — and the American Congress has decreed the hulk of the doomed liner to be an international memorial which must remain inviolate — the market for historical items genuinely connected with the ship should be safe .
as long as nothing from the titanic is raised — and the american congress has decreed the hulk of the doomed liner to be an international memorial which must [stay] inviolate — the market for historical items genuinely connected with the ship should be safe .

All four still look as though they 'd be more comfortable in jail than in a rhinestone suit , while their voices remain wonderfully battered instruments — weathered , stoic and yet still full of yearning .
all four still look as though they 'd be more comfortable in jail than in a rhinestone suit , while their voices [stay] wonderfully battered instruments — weathered , stoic and yet still full of yearning .

Essex , whose young players to watch are Mark Ilott and Nick Knight , defend their Britannic Assurance title hoping , as usual , that Neil Foster 's knees will allow him to remain the country 's best bowler .
essex , whose young players to watch are mark ilott and nick knight , defend their britannic assurance title hoping , as usual , that neil foster 's knees will allow him to [stay] the country 's best bowler .

He holds the bat aloft for comfort , so that his eyes remain level and he concentrates feverishly , believing it a greater crime to be out for 30 than for nought .
he holds the bat aloft for comfort , so that his eyes [stay] level and he concentrates feverishly , believing it a greater crime to be out for 30 than for nought .

He is splendid company though you must know him well to have his trust for the scars of rebuke when called a traitor for playing in South Africa a decade ago remain etched on his character .
he is splendid company though you must know him well to have his trust for the scars of rebuke when called a traitor for playing in south africa a decade ago [stay] etched on his character .

He holds the bat aloft for comfort , so that his eyes remain level and he concentrates feverishly , believing it a greater crime to be out for 30 than for nought .
he holds the bat aloft for comfort , so that his eyes [stay] level and he concentrates feverishly , believing it a greater crime to be out for 30 than for nought .

He is splendid company though you must know him well to have his trust for the scars of rebuke when called a traitor for playing in South Africa a decade ago remain etched on his character .
he is splendid company though you must know him well to have his trust for the scars of rebuke when called a traitor for playing in south africa a decade ago [stay] etched on his character .

Import prices remain a signficant factor in the trend of higher inflation in Germany .
import prices [stay] a signficant factor in the trend of higher inflation in germany .

Mr Tudball told a meeting of the exchange 's ship-broking members they could either remain at Lloyd 's of London or move to the old Billingsgate fish market in the meantime .
mr tudball told a meeting of the exchange 's ship-broking members they could either [stay] at lloyd 's of london or move to the old billingsgate fish market in the meantime .

Borrowings remain high at £457m , for gearing of 51 p.c. , but the group has squeezed capital from the housebuilding side and , if trading unexpectedly worsened , it would simply have to sell prize assets instead of peripheries .
borrowings [stay] high at £457m , for gearing of 51 p.c. , but the group has squeezed capital from the housebuilding side and , if trading unexpectedly worsened , it would simply have to sell prize assets instead of peripheries .

‘ Other Costs ’ can be seen as the cost of developing the plot and their total will remain fairly constant in your budget , regardless of the size of dwelling you build .
‘ other costs ’ can be seen as the cost of developing the plot and their total will [stay] fairly constant in your budget , regardless of the size of dwelling you build .

Problems with childcare remain the biggest barrier to women succeeding at work .
problems with childcare [stay] the biggest barrier to women succeeding at work .

Relatives remain the greatest source of carers for pre-school children ; childminders account for 26 per cent .
relatives [stay] the greatest source of carers for pre-school children ; childminders account for 26 per cent .

In the under-16 tournament , three players , captain Fiona Greenham , Jane Money and Jemima Riley , remain from last year 's squad , who play Scotland in the first game .
in the under-16 tournament , three players , captain fiona greenham , jane money and jemima riley , [stay] from last year 's squad , who play scotland in the first game .

Brighton remain next to bottom in the table and relegation back to the Third Division after four seasons looks a distinct probability .
brighton [stay] next to bottom in the table and relegation back to the third division after four seasons looks a distinct probability .

Mrs Lynda Chalker , who lost her Wallasey seat to Labour , said yesterday she was delighted that she would remain Overseas Development Minister .
mrs lynda chalker , who lost her wallasey seat to labour , said yesterday she was delighted that she would [stay] overseas development minister .

Braving a soda-syphon cannonade , they followed Hall 's command to remain ‘ sweetly and reasonably feminine ’ .
braving a soda-syphon cannonade , they followed hall 's command to [stay] ‘ sweetly and reasonably feminine ’ .

Naturally this is a very emotional moment , but we try to remain calm .
naturally this is a very emotional moment , but we try to [stay] calm .

His eyes remain closed , his breathing is hardly audible .
his eyes [stay] closed , his breathing is hardly audible .

Though since the judicature Act came into force in 1875 the rules of Common Law and Equity are recognized and administered in the same court , yet they still remain distinct bodies of law , governed largely by different principles . In order to ascertain the rights to which any given set of facts give rise , we must always ask what is the rule of Common Law ? what difference ( if any ) is made in the working of this rule by the existence of some rule of Equity applying to the case ?
though since the judicature act came into force in 1875 the rules of common law and equity are recognized and administered in the same court , yet they still [stay] distinct bodies of law , governed largely by different principles . in order to ascertain the rights to which any given set of facts give rise , we must always ask what is the rule of common law ? what difference ( if any ) is made in the working of this rule by the existence of some rule of equity applying to the case ?

But if the child is never born alive , things will remain as if it had never existed .
but if the child is never born alive , things will [stay] as if it had never existed .

the ‘ fiction theory ’ must remain unsatisfactory unless it can explain what are the real facts in terms of individual rights and duties which underlie the fiction , and this it seems unable to do . It does not seem possible to explain away the legal rights and duties of a body as being merely the rights and duties of the individuals composing it ; and
the ‘ fiction theory ’ must [stay] unsatisfactory unless it can explain what are the real facts in terms of individual rights and duties which underlie the fiction , and this it seems unable to do . it does not seem possible to explain away the legal rights and duties of a body as being merely the rights and duties of the individuals composing it ; and

If the owner of a watch is robbed of it by a thief , the owner 's rights as rights remain intact ; the thief acquires no right to the watch as against the owner .
if the owner of a watch is robbed of it by a thief , the owner 's rights as rights [stay] intact ; the thief acquires no right to the watch as against the owner .

Such deeds or instruments as a rule require for their validity to be registered under the Bills of Sale Acts ( 1878 and 1882 ) , which have been passed to prevent persons from obtaining credit by continuing to remain in possession of goods when they have secretly transferred their interest in them to others .
such deeds or instruments as a rule require for their validity to be registered under the bills of sale acts ( 1878 and 1882 ) , which have been passed to prevent persons from obtaining credit by continuing to [stay] in possession of goods when they have secretly transferred their interest in them to others .

When a person 's property is insufficient for payment of his debts , it would obviously be unfair that the creditors who first obtain judgement and execution should be paid in full , leaving nothing to those who may try to enforce their claims later ; nor is it desirable that a man should indefinitely remain under a load of debts which ( it may be through no fault of his own ) he is unable to meet .
when a person 's property is insufficient for payment of his debts , it would obviously be unfair that the creditors who first obtain judgement and execution should be paid in full , leaving nothing to those who may try to enforce their claims later ; nor is it desirable that a man should indefinitely [stay] under a load of debts which ( it may be through no fault of his own ) he is unable to meet .

The fact is we remain an island power and can not ignore the sea however close we may be to the Continent .
the fact is we [stay] an island power and can not ignore the sea however close we may be to the continent .

The majority view was that Britain was and would remain a great power , giving the world leadership based on her experience over the centuries rather than on the depth of her pocket .
the majority view was that britain was and would [stay] a great power , giving the world leadership based on her experience over the centuries rather than on the depth of her pocket .

Going back to fame , to your intimate knowledge of the processes of identification and obsession … having been through various manic fixations , you have progressed to being a star , the subject of fixation yourself . Most of your fans though , will remain condemned in a lonely monologue with their distant idol …
going back to fame , to your intimate knowledge of the processes of identification and obsession … having been through various manic fixations , you have progressed to being a star , the subject of fixation yourself . most of your fans though , will [stay] condemned in a lonely monologue with their distant idol …

This is easy to understand for the river dolphins , which feed on individual prey on the river bottom , but the habits of beaked whales remain almost a total mystery .
this is easy to understand for the river dolphins , which feed on individual prey on the river bottom , but the habits of beaked whales [stay] almost a total mystery .

Only about 500 dolphins remain , however , and the species is verging on extinction .
only about 500 dolphins [stay] , however , and the species is verging on extinction .

Establishment of reserves for the Indus River dolphin in the Punjab , where no more than 80 animals are thought to remain .
establishment of reserves for the indus river dolphin in the punjab , where no more than 80 animals are thought to [stay] .

They can remain for many years in cold and hostile environments while retaining their toxicity , and they have a tendency to remain in living organisms .
they can [stay] for many years in cold and hostile environments while retaining their toxicity , and they have a tendency to [stay] in living organisms .

Northern Cyprus now has an occupier whose crime is to protect those rights and whose chief affront to the majority is to remain there passively .
northern cyprus now has an occupier whose crime is to protect those rights and whose chief affront to the majority is to [stay] there passively .

And the jokes remain .
and the jokes [stay] .

Mr Fujimori 's manoeuvrings with his ministers remain enigmatic .
mr fujimori 's manoeuvrings with his ministers [stay] enigmatic .

That remains the best reason for believing that continental Europe will remain a region of growth in a faltering world economy .
that remains the best reason for believing that continental europe will [stay] a region of growth in a faltering world economy .

Meanwhile , if oil prices remain low , America 's visible-trade deficit could shrink to around $ 40 billion in that period .
meanwhile , if oil prices [stay] low , america 's visible-trade deficit could shrink to around $ 40 billion in that period .

Cut carefully through the leaves at the top of the pineapple so that some remain attached to each half of the fruit .
cut carefully through the leaves at the top of the pineapple so that some [stay] attached to each half of the fruit .

The answer given by one little boy will always remain with me .
the answer given by one little boy will always [stay] with me .

Common examples are general principles of reasoning , such as the law of non-contradiction ( that nothing can both be and not be ) , and the proposition that , if equals are taken from equals , then equals remain .
common examples are general principles of reasoning , such as the law of non-contradiction ( that nothing can both be and not be ) , and the proposition that , if equals are taken from equals , then equals [stay] .

Yet , even though moral rules and principles are neither innate , nor easy to acquire by reason , no one need remain ignorant of his duties and obligations : the Bible gives us them .
yet , even though moral rules and principles are neither innate , nor easy to acquire by reason , no one need [stay] ignorant of his duties and obligations : the bible gives us them .

If we can not understand how body ‘ should imprint any idea in the mind ’ , our having such ideas ‘ can be no reason why we should suppose matter or corporeal substances , since that is acknowledged to remain equally inexplicable with , or without this supposition ’ .
if we can not understand how body ‘ should imprint any idea in the mind ’ , our having such ideas ‘ can be no reason why we should suppose matter or corporeal substances , since that is acknowledged to [stay] equally inexplicable with , or without this supposition ’ .

Early houses which remain completely untouched are few and far between , but a general rule emerged during my research for the book : the less important the house and the more remote its situation , the more old-fashioned it remained , like Hareston in Devon , which had no fashion-conscious owners wanting to show-off their taste and wealth to passers-by .
early houses which [stay] completely untouched are few and far between , but a general rule emerged during my research for the book : the less important the house and the more remote its situation , the more old-fashioned it remained , like hareston in devon , which had no fashion-conscious owners wanting to show-off their taste and wealth to passers-by .

The Soviet Union managed to remain a net exporter until the beginning of the 1970s .
the soviet union managed to [stay] a net exporter until the beginning of the 1970s .

But the trouble with climate modification of the sort imposed by the greenhouse effect is that it does not move naturally to a new , warmer status quo which will remain undisturbed for the next thousand years or so .
but the trouble with climate modification of the sort imposed by the greenhouse effect is that it does not move naturally to a new , warmer status quo which will [stay] undisturbed for the next thousand years or so .

Natural gas as a replacement for coal is important , too , but coal is cheap and plentiful and likely to remain the principal fuel of China , potentially the world 's biggest producer of carbon dioxide ( and other pollutants , too ) .
natural gas as a replacement for coal is important , too , but coal is cheap and plentiful and likely to [stay] the principal fuel of china , potentially the world 's biggest producer of carbon dioxide ( and other pollutants , too ) .

Because of the exhaustion of the low-cost reserves , uranium prices seem bound to rise in the course of the first half of the next century ( assuming the uranium mining industry is to remain in business ) , but by how much is anyone 's guess .
because of the exhaustion of the low-cost reserves , uranium prices seem bound to rise in the course of the first half of the next century ( assuming the uranium mining industry is to [stay] in business ) , but by how much is anyone 's guess .

Until there is a substantial increase — indicating scarcity and demand — the fast reactor seems set to remain in one of the more exclusive suburbs of El Dorado .
until there is a substantial increase — indicating scarcity and demand — the fast reactor seems set to [stay] in one of the more exclusive suburbs of el dorado .

Released , they rise very slowly ( they can remain in the troposphere , or lower atmosphere , for 100 years ) and intact to the stratosphere .
released , they rise very slowly ( they can [stay] in the troposphere , or lower atmosphere , for 100 years ) and intact to the stratosphere .

Though the world 's press has done its best , huge gaps remain in public knowledge of the road to war .
though the world 's press has done its best , huge gaps [stay] in public knowledge of the road to war .

The details of diplomatic manoeuvring — what messages other Arabs took from Washington to Baghdad , what the Russians did , how the American chargé d'affaires in Baghdad kept busy for five months — remain unknown .
the details of diplomatic manoeuvring — what messages other arabs took from washington to baghdad , what the russians did , how the american chargé d'affaires in baghdad kept busy for five months — [stay] unknown .

Though the markets remain nervously responsive to war news from the Gulf , they now seem to discount a serious threat to Saudi production .
though the markets [stay] nervously responsive to war news from the gulf , they now seem to discount a serious threat to saudi production .

With the going rate for pay settlements running at 9–10 % , average earnings will remain stubbornly high , said a research organisation 's report .
with the going rate for pay settlements running at 9–10 % , average earnings will [stay] stubbornly high , said a research organisation 's report .

There were once more than 60 American makers of robots , but only a few remain .
there were once more than 60 american makers of robots , but only a few [stay] .

To reassure worried German managers , Pirelli stresses that Continental would remain a German company and would keep control of its own brands .
to reassure worried german managers , pirelli stresses that continental would [stay] a german company and would keep control of its own brands .

Allied spokesmen make light of the fact that so many enemy aircraft remain intact .
allied spokesmen make light of the fact that so many enemy aircraft [stay] intact .

He has said Egyptian troops would remain in the Gulf until they complete their mission , which he describes as aiding Kuwait under joint Arab defence agreements .
he has said egyptian troops would [stay] in the gulf until they complete their mission , which he describes as aiding kuwait under joint arab defence agreements .

War-crimes trials remain controversial , not least because the winners sit in judgment ; even Nuremberg left a bad taste in the mouth .
war-crimes trials [stay] controversial , not least because the winners sit in judgment ; even nuremberg left a bad taste in the mouth .

With more scope left to cut flab , a slimmer Security Pacific must remain attractive to a would-be cost-cutter .
with more scope left to cut flab , a slimmer security pacific must [stay] attractive to a would-be cost-cutter .

Yet doubts remain about its heavy lending to property developers and over-borrowed companies .
yet doubts [stay] about its heavy lending to property developers and over-borrowed companies .

These sounds and sights of East Anglia , she felt , would remain with her for the rest of her life .
these sounds and sights of east anglia , she felt , would [stay] with her for the rest of her life .

Their fear was that taxes would not only have to remain high but might well have to increase .
their fear was that taxes would not only have to [stay] high but might well have to increase .

The private sector would remain separate and the public would have the right to be covered by it if they wished — having first paid their taxes to support the general service .
the private sector would [stay] separate and the public would have the right to be covered by it if they wished — having first paid their taxes to support the general service .

My view ( the view of a confirmed industrial privatizer ) was that the National Health Service should remain at the centre of our health-care system and that politically we would reap the whirlwind if we could be portrayed as moving away from it .
my view ( the view of a confirmed industrial privatizer ) was that the national health service should [stay] at the centre of our health-care system and that politically we would reap the whirlwind if we could be portrayed as moving away from it .

The health service is financed almost entirely by the taxpayer and will remain so .
the health service is financed almost entirely by the taxpayer and will [stay] so .

The Secretary of State is accountable to Parliament for that enormous budget — currently running at over £30 billion a year — and must remain so .
the secretary of state is accountable to parliament for that enormous budget — currently running at over £30 billion a year — and must [stay] so .

And the anomalies of a divided Ireland remain as absurd as ever : both bits can be almost equally foreign to the casual English visitor , are often equally hostile to Westminster , and have long been equally illiberal on moral issues like abortion and homosexuality .
and the anomalies of a divided ireland [stay] as absurd as ever : both bits can be almost equally foreign to the casual english visitor , are often equally hostile to westminster , and have long been equally illiberal on moral issues like abortion and homosexuality .

Black films remain small beer ; they are doing little to shape the movie business .
black films [stay] small beer ; they are doing little to shape the movie business .

Although rainfall has now returned to normal , Georgia 's leaders remain keenly conscious that water is a scarce commodity , to be carefully managed .
although rainfall has now returned to normal , georgia 's leaders [stay] keenly conscious that water is a scarce commodity , to be carefully managed .

The ban on imports would remain .
the ban on imports would [stay] .

The one American corps ( down from the two that were there before the Gulf war ) and a couple of German ones will probably remain national formations .
the one american corps ( down from the two that were there before the gulf war ) and a couple of german ones will probably [stay] national formations .

Many other questions remain unanswered .
many other questions [stay] unanswered .

The details of the contract remain secret , but industry insiders speculate that Mr Jackson will receive more than $ 110m for six records .
the details of the contract [stay] secret , but industry insiders speculate that mr jackson will receive more than $ 110m for six records .

Despite the recent activity in the secondary market , many of the factors that caused the contraction in the primary market last year remain in evidence .
despite the recent activity in the secondary market , many of the factors that caused the contraction in the primary market last year [stay] in evidence .

Without them , the pound will remain the European oddball — floundering , argued over , and therefore unloved .
without them , the pound will [stay] the european oddball — floundering , argued over , and therefore unloved .

But exceptions have had to be made for words like prie-Dieu ( prayer-stool ) , which will remain without an x in the plural so as to avoid blasphemous implications .
but exceptions have had to be made for words like prie-dieu ( prayer-stool ) , which will [stay] without an x in the plural so as to avoid blasphemous implications .

The changes will take several months to make much difference to most people 's lives ( price controls remain on basic foods , heating and transport ; the auctions of small businesses will begin only at the end of January ) .
the changes will take several months to make much difference to most people 's lives ( price controls [stay] on basic foods , heating and transport ; the auctions of small businesses will begin only at the end of january ) .

By all means let different groups within the Forum emerge , but they should remain within the movement until the election .
by all means let different groups within the forum emerge , but they should [stay] within the movement until the election .

So why does a company with such a history of agility and skill remain tied to pots and pans even though they act as such a drag on its performance ?
so why does a company with such a history of agility and skill [stay] tied to pots and pans even though they act as such a drag on its performance ?

But three big absentees remain .
but three big absentees [stay] .

Mr Jospin wants it to remain more ‘ fraternal ’ , with its clublike network of 200,000 paid-up members .
mr jospin wants it to [stay] more ‘ fraternal ’ , with its clublike network of 200,000 paid-up members .

They are Chinese , family-run empires whose aged founders remain at the helm , creating inevitable speculation about succession squabbles and , more importantly , about whether such a style of management will continue to work for billion-dollar conglomerates with international ambitions .
they are chinese , family-run empires whose aged founders [stay] at the helm , creating inevitable speculation about succession squabbles and , more importantly , about whether such a style of management will continue to work for billion-dollar conglomerates with international ambitions .

But if the government sells too many cruzeiros , Brazil 's inflation rate will remain high .
but if the government sells too many cruzeiros , brazil 's inflation rate will [stay] high .

Why big might remain beautiful
why big might [stay] beautiful

Both are keen to remain as ‘ movements ’ rather than ‘ parties ’ .
both are keen to [stay] as ‘ movements ’ rather than ‘ parties ’ .

This book is not beautifully written and is not always easy to understand ; technical details sometimes remain unexplained , and a bewildering cast of Russians bob in and out .
this book is not beautifully written and is not always easy to understand ; technical details sometimes [stay] unexplained , and a bewildering cast of russians bob in and out .

On April 16th the Philippine Supreme Court decided that the three Cojuangcos could vote at a shareholders ' meeting on April 19th , although the shares themselves remain sequestered .
on april 16th the philippine supreme court decided that the three cojuangcos could vote at a shareholders ' meeting on april 19th , although the shares themselves [stay] sequestered .

An opinion poll for the Globe and Mail and the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation produced surprising results from Quebec : while most people there strongly demand change , only 10 % want full independence and 52 % wish their province to remain within Canada .
an opinion poll for the globe and mail and the canadian broadcasting corporation produced surprising results from quebec : while most people there strongly demand change , only 10 % want full independence and 52 % wish their province to [stay] within canada .

Only about 100 patients remain in care .
only about 100 patients [stay] in care .

Though both his and the president 's popularity have dipped , perhaps in a post-Gulf-war let-down , they remain France 's most popular politicians .
though both his and the president 's popularity have dipped , perhaps in a post-gulf-war let-down , they [stay] france 's most popular politicians .

Even if the two conferences end on schedule before the December 31st , a strain between Spain and its partners will still remain .
even if the two conferences end on schedule before the december 31st , a strain between spain and its partners will still [stay] .

The second factor is more important : Asian airlines remain untouched by the deregulation that has swept America and is beginning to inject new competition into Europe .
the second factor is more important : asian airlines [stay] untouched by the deregulation that has swept america and is beginning to inject new competition into europe .

The benefits to the firm of debt forgiveness are now taxable if it happens privately , but remain tax-free if it happens under chapter 11 .
the benefits to the firm of debt forgiveness are now taxable if it happens privately , but [stay] tax-free if it happens under chapter 11 .

Either way , there will remain a difference in borrowing costs .
either way , there will [stay] a difference in borrowing costs .

The top dozen , well-known Japanese banks remain strong .
the top dozen , well-known japanese banks [stay] strong .

In fact , Mr Manning has repeatedly stated that he and the party would much prefer that Quebec remain as part of Canada , but not at any price .
in fact , mr manning has repeatedly stated that he and the party would much prefer that quebec [stay] as part of canada , but not at any price .

Of the 300,000 or so American troops based in Europe until the start of the Gulf crisis last summer , perhaps only 100,000 , maybe fewer , are expected to remain .
of the 300,000 or so american troops based in europe until the start of the gulf crisis last summer , perhaps only 100,000 , maybe fewer , are expected to [stay] .

One is between ‘ centralisers ’ and ‘ regionalists ’ : those who want control to remain in Moscow and those who want it to spread down to republics and localities .
one is between ‘ centralisers ’ and ‘ regionalists ’ : those who want control to [stay] in moscow and those who want it to spread down to republics and localities .

But economic policy will remain in the competent , liberal hands of Pierre Bérégovoy .
but economic policy will [stay] in the competent , liberal hands of pierre bérégovoy .

Defence and foreign policy , including Europe , remain under the direct control of the president .
defence and foreign policy , including europe , [stay] under the direct control of the president .

Plenty of others remain , not least the shortage of engineers — not so much of graduates as of technicians .
plenty of others [stay] , not least the shortage of engineers — not so much of graduates as of technicians .

The political parties warmed up for a general election by bickering over whether the new health trusts remain part of the national health service .
the political parties warmed up for a general election by bickering over whether the new health trusts [stay] part of the national health service .

And though bonuses have all but disappeared , basic staff salaries remain too high — and staff numbers have yet to fall below pre-Big-Bang levels .
and though bonuses have all but disappeared , basic staff salaries [stay] too high — and staff numbers have yet to fall below pre-big-bang levels .

These earliest faces and the French versions of them , which were derived during the first half of the 16th century by type-founders such as Garamond , remain the models for most type-faces .
these earliest faces and the french versions of them , which were derived during the first half of the 16th century by type-founders such as garamond , [stay] the models for most type-faces .

Unless a lot of people start looking beyond the bottom of their pockets , many houses will remain unsold for at least another year , because the Government is unlikely to bring interest rates down until the run-up to the next general election .
unless a lot of people start looking beyond the bottom of their pockets , many houses will [stay] unsold for at least another year , because the government is unlikely to bring interest rates down until the run-up to the next general election .

How long can it remain immune as the voices echo back from Eastern Europe ?
how long can it [stay] immune as the voices echo back from eastern europe ?

In Pakistan an old system dating from the British occupation has ensured that large parts of the North-West Frontier Province remain out of bounds to government officials .
in pakistan an old system dating from the british occupation has ensured that large parts of the north-west frontier province [stay] out of bounds to government officials .

Mormons remain devout people .
mormons [stay] devout people .

Many counties remain so untouched by the commercial age that lost balls are still classified as a major item of expenditure .
many counties [stay] so untouched by the commercial age that lost balls are still classified as a major item of expenditure .

But while the present Federal Republic would remain firmly anchored in Nato , East Germany would remain within the Warsaw Pact .
but while the present federal republic would [stay] firmly anchored in nato , east germany would [stay] within the warsaw pact .

Will it remain a rich man 's club , keeping Eastern Europe on the outer perimeter , linked by mere trade agreements , or , one step up , association agreements .
will it [stay] a rich man 's club , keeping eastern europe on the outer perimeter , linked by mere trade agreements , or , one step up , association agreements .

Little 's insistence that Darlington remain full-time ( ‘ more for advantages of preparation than fitness ’ ) won the support of the club 's new chairman , Richard Corden , director of an industrial scaffolding company — and also , to his chagrin , a worthy candidate for the title of the unluckiest man in football .
little 's insistence that darlington [stay] full-time ( ‘ more for advantages of preparation than fitness ’ ) won the support of the club 's new chairman , richard corden , director of an industrial scaffolding company — and also , to his chagrin , a worthy candidate for the title of the unluckiest man in football .

The Algerians , too , remain in contention for ‘ Italia ‘ 90 ’ .
the algerians , too , [stay] in contention for ‘ italia ‘ 90 ’ .

Weatherhead was honest enough to realise that there are many aspects of religion about which one has to remain uncertain , that is , agnostic .
weatherhead was honest enough to realise that there are many aspects of religion about which one has to [stay] uncertain , that is , agnostic .

If Guardian members receive an average £520 for giving the nod to a plan to allow their society to remain a mutual — and to continue operating much as it has since the turn of the century — what price a vote to convert ?
if guardian members receive an average £520 for giving the nod to a plan to allow their society to [stay] a mutual — and to continue operating much as it has since the turn of the century — what price a vote to convert ?

‘ We are and will remain one nation .
‘ we are and will [stay] one nation .

Mr Brandt , who was mayor of West Berlin 28 years ago when East Berlin put up the Wall and who stood next to Mr Kennedy during his famous speech , said the barbed wire and wall were ‘ against the flow of history ’ , but added that it should remain as an ‘ an historical monstrosity ’ .
mr brandt , who was mayor of west berlin 28 years ago when east berlin put up the wall and who stood next to mr kennedy during his famous speech , said the barbed wire and wall were ‘ against the flow of history ’ , but added that it should [stay] as an ‘ an historical monstrosity ’ .

Dr David Clark , Labour 's agriculture spokesman , who warned that potentially unsafe models remain on sale , said : ‘ All we have is a sham . ’
dr david clark , labour 's agriculture spokesman , who warned that potentially unsafe models [stay] on sale , said : ‘ all we have is a sham . ’

Doubts remain on Hanoi view of repatriation .
doubts [stay] on hanoi view of repatriation .

Parts of the privatisated agency will remain under Government control , including maintenance of Westminster and the ministerial car pool .
parts of the privatisated agency will [stay] under government control , including maintenance of westminster and the ministerial car pool .

How long can it remain immune as the voices echo back from Eastern Europe ?
how long can it [stay] immune as the voices echo back from eastern europe ?

But to commuters and shoppers in Manchester , already used to the avenues of poles carrying overhead power lines and the herringbone-brick trackbeds in the streets , trams they are and trams they will remain .
but to commuters and shoppers in manchester , already used to the avenues of poles carrying overhead power lines and the herringbone-brick trackbeds in the streets , trams they are and trams they will [stay] .

Others remain resolutely closed .
others [stay] resolutely closed .

It came to light after he was approached for conservation advice by a German academic who is a family friend of the present owners , an aristocratic family that wishes to remain anonymous .
it came to light after he was approached for conservation advice by a german academic who is a family friend of the present owners , an aristocratic family that wishes to [stay] anonymous .

Until the complex family trusts set up to protect his inheritance are unravelled , the liabilities of the new Lord Spencer remain unclear .
until the complex family trusts set up to protect his inheritance are unravelled , the liabilities of the new lord spencer [stay] unclear .

With 1.8 litres of liquor and wine , it is a wonder they are able to remain upright , he says .
with 1.8 litres of liquor and wine , it is a wonder they are able to [stay] upright , he says .

Despite calls for sweeping change , many Conservative reforms are likely to remain .
despite calls for sweeping change , many conservative reforms are likely to [stay] .

Some of her friends insisted that she remain in Britain to revive a flagging and mismanaged campaign .
some of her friends insisted that she [stay] in britain to revive a flagging and mismanaged campaign .

All make their contribution to the British Army , which is organised so that they can remain intensely proud of their Englishness , Irishness , Scottishness and Welshness , while fighting for Britain .
all make their contribution to the british army , which is organised so that they can [stay] intensely proud of their englishness , irishness , scottishness and welshness , while fighting for britain .

Mrs Thatcher tempered our sloth by appealing to our greed , Mr John Smith wishes to temper our greed by appealing to our sloth , but both strands in our character remain .
mrs thatcher tempered our sloth by appealing to our greed , mr john smith wishes to temper our greed by appealing to our sloth , but both strands in our character [stay] .

All Leeds , who remain a point behind Manchester United but have now played two games more , can hope for is a similar display by City at Old Trafford on Tuesday .
all leeds , who [stay] a point behind manchester united but have now played two games more , can hope for is a similar display by city at old trafford on tuesday .

David Preece scored the second-half goal that earned them their first win in seven games and , though they remain in the bottom three , they do have a chance of making the Premier League .
david preece scored the second-half goal that earned them their first win in seven games and , though they [stay] in the bottom three , they do have a chance of making the premier league .

The pizzas should be well done but remain pale and soft enough to fold in the hand to eat .
the pizzas should be well done but [stay] pale and soft enough to fold in the hand to eat .

Modern farming techniques have diminished the number and quality of the wetlands which remain .
modern farming techniques have diminished the number and quality of the wetlands which [stay] .

Instead , Winterbottom , England 's record-breaking flanker , will remain in London with two aims in mind .
instead , winterbottom , england 's record-breaking flanker , will [stay] in london with two aims in mind .

The snow is so deep — three metres outside the door here — that after big storms , potentially dangerous ski areas remain inaccessible for a few days .
the snow is so deep — three metres outside the door here — that after big storms , potentially dangerous ski areas [stay] inaccessible for a few days .

Not only is the snow cover likely to remain comfortable in the high resorts right into the start of May , but the lower the temperature , the safer the snow .
not only is the snow cover likely to [stay] comfortable in the high resorts right into the start of may , but the lower the temperature , the safer the snow .

The leaders had their work cut out keeping the group together , and one or both had to remain at the back to motivate the slower ones — the most effective method seemed to be carrying their kit , though this tended to be a last resort .
the leaders had their work cut out keeping the group together , and one or both had to [stay] at the back to motivate the slower ones — the most effective method seemed to be carrying their kit , though this tended to be a last resort .

Few of Ireland 's great Ascendancy houses , perhaps no more than 50 , remain in private family occupation : one of the most significant , Stackallan , in County Meath , is a rare early-18th-century , pre-Palladian pile in the Boyne valley between Navan and Slane , which will be offered for sale later this month .
few of ireland 's great ascendancy houses , perhaps no more than 50 , [stay] in private family occupation : one of the most significant , stackallan , in county meath , is a rare early-18th-century , pre-palladian pile in the boyne valley between navan and slane , which will be offered for sale later this month .

Luton have lost only four League games at home this season and , though they remain in the bottom three , they are only five points behind Coventry .
luton have lost only four league games at home this season and , though they [stay] in the bottom three , they are only five points behind coventry .

Though clothing and equipment may be more streamlined , courage , nerve , fitness , skill , determination and a touch of good or bad luck remain unchanged , as essential ingredients of great sporting spectacles .
though clothing and equipment may be more streamlined , courage , nerve , fitness , skill , determination and a touch of good or bad luck [stay] unchanged , as essential ingredients of great sporting spectacles .

International : Britons ignore warnings of danger and remain in Libya
international : britons ignore warnings of danger and [stay] in libya

Although telephone lines to the city remain severed , a Sarajevo radio reporter said corpses littered the pavement next to the town hall .
although telephone lines to the city [stay] severed , a sarajevo radio reporter said corpses littered the pavement next to the town hall .

Even so , houses remain beyond the reach of the average wage-earner .
even so , houses [stay] beyond the reach of the average wage-earner .

It believes that this ‘ crisis ’ level of interest rates may only may last only a short while but that a ‘ risk premium ’ may remain throughout the life of a Labour government , with adverse implications for growth .
it believes that this ‘ crisis ’ level of interest rates may only may last only a short while but that a ‘ risk premium ’ may [stay] throughout the life of a labour government , with adverse implications for growth .

He will remain on the board .
he will [stay] on the board .

Senior Conservatives now concede privately that they are likely to remain behind until polling day .
senior conservatives now concede privately that they are likely to [stay] behind until polling day .

On the other , whatever tactical voting takes place will benefit Labour and the Liberal Democrats , and — as any Tory canvasser will attest — many Tory waverers remain deeply unhappy about the Government 's handling of the economy .
on the other , whatever tactical voting takes place will benefit labour and the liberal democrats , and — as any tory canvasser will attest — many tory waverers [stay] deeply unhappy about the government 's handling of the economy .

But engineers think that the kind of lightweight rolling stock increasingly used on the network will remain vulnerable to autumn leaves .
but engineers think that the kind of lightweight rolling stock increasingly used on the network will [stay] vulnerable to autumn leaves .

In a design-led production , David Pountney and designer David Fielding remain fairly faithful to the company 's established Verdi style .
in a design-led production , david pountney and designer david fielding [stay] fairly faithful to the company 's established verdi style .

The flower beds are replanted each year and many of the shrubs and trees , including old varities of apple , remain from the original kitchen garden .
the flower beds are replanted each year and many of the shrubs and trees , including old varities of apple , [stay] from the original kitchen garden .

Like chameleons , some are able to vary the colour of their sensitive skins , to remain camouflaged .
like chameleons , some are able to vary the colour of their sensitive skins , to [stay] camouflaged .

As they are much more resistant to weathering than the enclosing chalk , the flints remain behind when the chalk is eroded away .
as they are much more resistant to weathering than the enclosing chalk , the flints [stay] behind when the chalk is eroded away .

Although they are uncrushed , only parts of the original seed covering remain — so that they are largely internal moulds .
although they are uncrushed , only parts of the original seed covering [stay] — so that they are largely internal moulds .

Puzzles remain , even though we can be certain of the rudiments of the story .
puzzles [stay] , even though we can be certain of the rudiments of the story .

Many problems remain .
many problems [stay] .

‘ We wish to sleep on board and we wish to remain close to the reef .
‘ we wish to sleep on board and we wish to [stay] close to the reef .

And may you remain confident and get yourself drowned , Trent thought .
and may you [stay] confident and get yourself drowned , trent thought .

Even if she could be brought to view his actions in his own light , he would remain for her the instrument of death .
even if she could be brought to view his actions in his own light , he would [stay] for her the instrument of death .

Despite any explanations he might offer her , he had to remain the enemy .
despite any explanations he might offer her , he had to [stay] the enemy .

In lakes , crustaceans , molluscs , leeches and mayflies dwindle , although predators remain more numerous , feeding on alternative prey .
in lakes , crustaceans , molluscs , leeches and mayflies dwindle , although predators [stay] more numerous , feeding on alternative prey .

The loco is 45106 which was to become the last of its type to remain in service .
the loco is 45106 which was to become the last of its type to [stay] in service .

Just how long the surviving branch line as far as here will remain open is anybody 's guess , but there are usually two trip workings from Tinsley on weekdays .
just how long the surviving branch line as far as here will [stay] open is anybody 's guess , but there are usually two trip workings from tinsley on weekdays .

In the meantime , however , until these directives are enforced , Britain 's corporate landscape will remain open to attack without a right to reply in kind .
in the meantime , however , until these directives are enforced , britain 's corporate landscape will [stay] open to attack without a right to reply in kind .

Despite these upsets , it is clear from the joint Mitterrand and Kohl letters on European unification ( in April and December 1990 ) that French policy will remain the same , only more so .
despite these upsets , it is clear from the joint mitterrand and kohl letters on european unification ( in april and december 1990 ) that french policy will [stay] the same , only more so .

Indeed , Prussian hegemony fitted into precisely the gap between the two since , where centralisation took place , it was invariably convergence with Prussia , yet the commitment to remain centralised allowed her to defend her interests when she wanted to .
indeed , prussian hegemony fitted into precisely the gap between the two since , where centralisation took place , it was invariably convergence with prussia , yet the commitment to [stay] centralised allowed her to defend her interests when she wanted to .

The great German constitutionalist , Heinrich Triepel , writing in 1906 , looked back on nearly forty years of developments within the German Empire and explained how the early guarantees that the Empire would remain decentralised were soon swept away in the flood of new laws , most of them imposed by Prussian ministries and conforming to Prussian practices .
the great german constitutionalist , heinrich triepel , writing in 1906 , looked back on nearly forty years of developments within the german empire and explained how the early guarantees that the empire would [stay] decentralised were soon swept away in the flood of new laws , most of them imposed by prussian ministries and conforming to prussian practices .

He made the point that Community institutions and common rules are necessary for running common policies like those claimed for the single market , but that in areas such as foreign policy , co-operation should remain a matter for member governments accountable to the national parliaments .
he made the point that community institutions and common rules are necessary for running common policies like those claimed for the single market , but that in areas such as foreign policy , co-operation should [stay] a matter for member governments accountable to the national parliaments .

When you have received a reply from the Chief Executive and if you remain dissatisfied , you may :
when you have received a reply from the chief executive and if you [stay] dissatisfied , you may :

The Belfast Harbour Commissioners are confident that during the 1990's the Port of Belfast will remain Ireland 's premier port , largely due to its ability to respond to the challenges presented by changing trading patterns within an economically unified Europe and by its ability to satisfy its customers ' need and demands for an efficient , cost effective service .
the belfast harbour commissioners are confident that during the 1990's the port of belfast will [stay] ireland 's premier port , largely due to its ability to respond to the challenges presented by changing trading patterns within an economically unified europe and by its ability to satisfy its customers ' need and demands for an efficient , cost effective service .

Historically it played a major part against the Saracens , and the old buildings in Rhodes town and the Acropolis in Lindos still remain .
historically it played a major part against the saracens , and the old buildings in rhodes town and the acropolis in lindos still [stay] .

Doctors and lawyers make patients out of persons and cases out of clients … for the teacher the child must , of necessity , remain a whole person . Wilson ( 1962 ) p. 24
doctors and lawyers make patients out of persons and cases out of clients … for the teacher the child must , of necessity , [stay] a whole person . wilson ( 1962 ) p. 24

If teachers are to assume a greater role in the control of their own organisations a far wider range of knowledge and skills is required than if they are to remain ‘ in the classroom ’ — they must move from the restricted to the extended approach .
if teachers are to assume a greater role in the control of their own organisations a far wider range of knowledge and skills is required than if they are to [stay] ‘ in the classroom ’ — they must move from the restricted to the extended approach .

Secondly , the waterlogged soils remain cold in spring , and organic matter resulting from vigorous plant growth breaks down only slowly and peat has accumulated widely in the islands .
secondly , the waterlogged soils [stay] cold in spring , and organic matter resulting from vigorous plant growth breaks down only slowly and peat has accumulated widely in the islands .

The tops of ling heather ( Calluna vulgaris ) , produce yet another shade of yellow dye when boiled in water , and in fact that entire plant is wonderfully versatile : it was commonly used for thatching houses , and even today the few Highland thatchers that remain will swear it is the best thatch in Gaeldom ; it provided beds to sleep on , with the ‘ tops up and roots down ’ arrangement of the mattress assuring a pleasantly aromatic and sound sleep ; it was used in part of the process of tanning leather ; and the fresh , young tops of the heather were ( and at times still are ) brewed into a kind of ale .
the tops of ling heather ( calluna vulgaris ) , produce yet another shade of yellow dye when boiled in water , and in fact that entire plant is wonderfully versatile : it was commonly used for thatching houses , and even today the few highland thatchers that [stay] will swear it is the best thatch in gaeldom ; it provided beds to sleep on , with the ‘ tops up and roots down ’ arrangement of the mattress assuring a pleasantly aromatic and sound sleep ; it was used in part of the process of tanning leather ; and the fresh , young tops of the heather were ( and at times still are ) brewed into a kind of ale .

The basic rate of tax will remain unchanged at 25 per cent , as will the 40 per cent rate .
the basic rate of tax will [stay] unchanged at 25 per cent , as will the 40 per cent rate .

Labour will establish mortgage rescue schemes throughout the country , enabling home buyers to remain as tenants or part-owners .
labour will establish mortgage rescue schemes throughout the country , enabling home buyers to [stay] as tenants or part-owners .

’ At later hearings he defended this decision quite vigorously , saying that the narrow boat would remain the basic unit on an improved canal as being the most convenient for loading the collecting areas , all served by narrow canals .
’ at later hearings he defended this decision quite vigorously , saying that the narrow boat would [stay] the basic unit on an improved canal as being the most convenient for loading the collecting areas , all served by narrow canals .

Because they obtain their energy from above , and because water behaves the way it does , there is a tendency for the ocean zones to remain distinct : dark , cold , often almost static waters below ; warm waters floating above .
because they obtain their energy from above , and because water behaves the way it does , there is a tendency for the ocean zones to [stay] distinct : dark , cold , often almost static waters below ; warm waters floating above .

Animals that do this include fish such as the cod , which of course are highly mobile even as adults ; crustacea such as crabs and lobsters ; echinoderms such as sea urchins ; gastropod molluscs such as winkles , which are mobile as adults but are not able to travel huge distances ; and also — crucially — most of the animals which are sessile as adults — that is , remain immobile in one place .
animals that do this include fish such as the cod , which of course are highly mobile even as adults ; crustacea such as crabs and lobsters ; echinoderms such as sea urchins ; gastropod molluscs such as winkles , which are mobile as adults but are not able to travel huge distances ; and also — crucially — most of the animals which are sessile as adults — that is , [stay] immobile in one place .

Some anglerfish have dwarf males , which remain permanently attached , as miniature parasites , to the much larger females .
some anglerfish have dwarf males , which [stay] permanently attached , as miniature parasites , to the much larger females .

In some tropical waters there is no mixing of top and bottom waters and vast reaches of ocean remain almost permanently deprived of plankton .
in some tropical waters there is no mixing of top and bottom waters and vast reaches of ocean [stay] almost permanently deprived of plankton .

Others — anemones , winkles , starfish — are affixed in or move into sheltered places , under rocks , and remain cool and reasonably moist and protected from pounding .
others — anemones , winkles , starfish — are affixed in or move into sheltered places , under rocks , and [stay] cool and reasonably moist and protected from pounding .

Corals , which must remain close to the surface of the water because they contain symbiotic algae which photosynthesize , also tend to contain specific pigments to protect them from ultraviolet light .
corals , which must [stay] close to the surface of the water because they contain symbiotic algae which photosynthesize , also tend to contain specific pigments to protect them from ultraviolet light .

But it is important that these ‘ greenhouse gases ’ remain at an appropriate level .
but it is important that these ‘ greenhouse gases ’ [stay] at an appropriate level .

Extreme reductionism is usually a sign of restricted outlook and it seems safe to say that sociobiology will not remain long in so puritanical a stage .
extreme reductionism is usually a sign of restricted outlook and it seems safe to say that sociobiology will not [stay] long in so puritanical a stage .

Culture or social structure may change and child-rearing may remain the same .
culture or social structure may change and child-rearing may [stay] the same .

Other propositions may not be testable even in principle but may remain for the time as a necessary component of an overall paradigm .
other propositions may not be testable even in principle but may [stay] for the time as a necessary component of an overall paradigm .

To see ourselves in this way is to gain a perspective rather than to advocate a policy , yet the relation of these two activities will inevitably remain in the background of our work .
to see ourselves in this way is to gain a perspective rather than to advocate a policy , yet the relation of these two activities will inevitably [stay] in the background of our work .

Some jellyfish beat the edges of the bell rhythmically and thereby rise in the water to remain near the surface .
some jellyfish beat the edges of the bell rhythmically and thereby rise in the water to [stay] near the surface .

The roots of these activities remain unconscious to the performer whose attention illuminates the product more than the underlying process .
the roots of these activities [stay] unconscious to the performer whose attention illuminates the product more than the underlying process .

Head , heart , and body remain indivisibly organic and he who would divide them does so at his peril .
head , heart , and body [stay] indivisibly organic and he who would divide them does so at his peril .

None the less there remain a number of common misapprehensions that need constant clarification .
none the less there [stay] a number of common misapprehensions that need constant clarification .

The sexual struggle is of two kinds ; in the one it is between individuals of the same sex , generally the male sex , in order to drive away or kill their rivals , the females remain passive ; whilst in the other the struggle is likewise between the individuals of the same sex , in order to excite or charm those of the opposite sex , generally the females , which no longer remain passive , but select more agreeable partners .
the sexual struggle is of two kinds ; in the one it is between individuals of the same sex , generally the male sex , in order to drive away or kill their rivals , the females [stay] passive ; whilst in the other the struggle is likewise between the individuals of the same sex , in order to excite or charm those of the opposite sex , generally the females , which no longer [stay] passive , but select more agreeable partners .

The interesting point about the satellites is that their behaviour includes many submissive components that trick the resident males into allowing them to remain near their sites .
the interesting point about the satellites is that their behaviour includes many submissive components that trick the resident males into allowing them to [stay] near their sites .

The animals live in matriarchal family groups of about a dozen to thirty individuals in which adult offspring remain as group members but do not breed under normal circumstances .
the animals live in matriarchal family groups of about a dozen to thirty individuals in which adult offspring [stay] as group members but do not breed under normal circumstances .

Three subadult female cubs remain in the pride .
three subadult female cubs [stay] in the pride .

Long calls may also attract females or enable dispersed individuals to remain in contact with a dominant male .
long calls may also attract females or enable dispersed individuals to [stay] in contact with a dominant male .

Males are generally the more mobile sex socially ; females commonly remain part of the same social unit throughout their lives and their relationships often provide a basic stability to it .
males are generally the more mobile sex socially ; females commonly [stay] part of the same social unit throughout their lives and their relationships often provide a basic stability to it .

While sexually mature males may remain in their natal troops they have little access to females , unless they are of especially high dominance .
while sexually mature males may [stay] in their natal troops they have little access to females , unless they are of especially high dominance .

Young-females usually remain within the natal group , although transference to other groups through affiliation with young male reproductives reduces the probability of incest ( see below ) with the father .
young-females usually [stay] within the natal group , although transference to other groups through affiliation with young male reproductives reduces the probability of incest ( see below ) with the father .

When does it pay a young male to remain with his companions operating a preferred strategy of delayed takeover ?
when does it pay a young male to [stay] with his companions operating a preferred strategy of delayed takeover ?

Females tend to remain in their natal units , which thereby increase gradually in size .
females tend to [stay] in their natal units , which thereby increase gradually in size .

Troops are composed of both sexes , but , whereas young males normally emigrate , females remain to comprise the core of the unit .
troops are composed of both sexes , but , whereas young males normally emigrate , females [stay] to comprise the core of the unit .

It is the latter view which at first sight seems to challenge Tormey 's theory , for any ‘ expression ’ by the actor implies a subjective/objective relationship , the inner meanings of which remain hidden from the audience .
it is the latter view which at first sight seems to challenge tormey 's theory , for any ‘ expression ’ by the actor implies a subjective/objective relationship , the inner meanings of which [stay] hidden from the audience .

For instance , Dorothy Heathcote , in working on the Minamata tragedy towards performance , required the sixth form ‘ actors ’ to remain emotionally detached from their roles , an example of ‘ protection ’ from personal exposure to which we shall be returning later .
for instance , dorothy heathcote , in working on the minamata tragedy towards performance , required the sixth form ‘ actors ’ to [stay] emotionally detached from their roles , an example of ‘ protection ’ from personal exposure to which we shall be returning later .

Safety will remain our highest priority throughout the energy sector .
safety will [stay] our highest priority throughout the energy sector .

The Home Secretary will remain ministerially accountable to Parliament for prison policy .
the home secretary will [stay] ministerially accountable to parliament for prison policy .

British domestic controls on pornography will remain in place even after the completion of the Single European Market .
british domestic controls on pornography will [stay] in place even after the completion of the single european market .

The basic state retirement pension will remain the foundation for retirement .
the basic state retirement pension will [stay] the foundation for retirement .

We will consider proposals for a new system of rebates to come into effect from April 1996 with the aim of ensuring that personal pensions remain attractive across the age range .
we will consider proposals for a new system of rebates to come into effect from april 1996 with the aim of ensuring that personal pensions [stay] attractive across the age range .

Child Benefit will remain the cornerstone of our policy for all families with children .
child benefit will [stay] the cornerstone of our policy for all families with children .

We will back the work of the Broadcasting Standards Council and remain vigilant about ensuring high standards in satellite broadcasts from abroad .
we will back the work of the broadcasting standards council and [stay] vigilant about ensuring high standards in satellite broadcasts from abroad .

We have upheld our pledge that Northern Ireland will remain an integral part of the United Kingdom in accordance with the democratically expressed wishes of the majority of the people who live there .
we have upheld our pledge that northern ireland will [stay] an integral part of the united kingdom in accordance with the democratically expressed wishes of the majority of the people who live there .

In effect , Ayer has put them in a ghetto and they are happy to remain there , content to be making statements of nonsense in the assurance that what to the believer are the words of God must necessarily appear to the unbeliever mere gobbledygook .
in effect , ayer has put them in a ghetto and they are happy to [stay] there , content to be making statements of nonsense in the assurance that what to the believer are the words of god must necessarily appear to the unbeliever mere gobbledygook .

Wesley , John ( 1703–1791 ) Regarded ( despite his own desire to remain within the Anglican Church ) as the founder of Methodism .
wesley , john ( 1703–1791 ) regarded ( despite his own desire to [stay] within the anglican church ) as the founder of methodism .

If you have paid six full years ' contributions before you cease payments , the Society will make your policy paid-up , leaving the units purchased to remain invested until such time you make a request to encash them .
if you have paid six full years ' contributions before you cease payments , the society will make your policy paid-up , leaving the units purchased to [stay] invested until such time you make a request to encash them .

Invoice Discounting offers many of the advantages of Factoring , the main difference being that Barclays does not provide sales ledger administration , credit management , or debt collection , which remain your responsibility .
invoice discounting offers many of the advantages of factoring , the main difference being that barclays does not provide sales ledger administration , credit management , or debt collection , which [stay] your responsibility .

You remain in effective control of investment .
you [stay] in effective control of investment .

In short , we would not become just another bank , but will remain Abbey national and all that has traditionally meant , and in addition will offer as wide a range of personal financial services as our customers require now and in the future .
in short , we would not become just another bank , but will [stay] abbey national and all that has traditionally meant , and in addition will offer as wide a range of personal financial services as our customers require now and in the future .

Perhaps we believe that others perceive us as weak and ineffectual when in reality we choose to make a stand only about those things which really matter , knowing that it often takes more strength to remain calm and in control than to meet aggression with more aggression .
perhaps we believe that others perceive us as weak and ineffectual when in reality we choose to make a stand only about those things which really matter , knowing that it often takes more strength to [stay] calm and in control than to meet aggression with more aggression .

The individual who is determined to remain calm in the face of aggression , even though he may feel he is doing the right thing , might wonder whether others look down on him and be tempted to behave as others think he should .
the individual who is determined to [stay] calm in the face of aggression , even though he may feel he is doing the right thing , might wonder whether others look down on him and be tempted to behave as others think he should .

Each of us has to find our own truth and our own self in relation to the world ; all you can do is to remain true to yourself and your chosen path .
each of us has to find our own truth and our own self in relation to the world ; all you can do is to [stay] true to yourself and your chosen path .

You can not choose those thoughts which enter your mind spontaneously but you can choose whether or not you allow them to remain .
you can not choose those thoughts which enter your mind spontaneously but you can choose whether or not you allow them to [stay] .

To protect those that remain , The Royal Society for Nature Conservation is running the British Wildlife appeal , chaired by Sir David Attenborough .
to protect those that [stay] , the royal society for nature conservation is running the british wildlife appeal , chaired by sir david attenborough .

Mr Meyer implored East Germans to remain .
mr meyer implored east germans to [stay] .

But ambulancemen have to remain calm when everyone else is the opposite .
but ambulancemen have to [stay] calm when everyone else is the opposite .

If the legislation was passed he would find it difficult to remain a diocesan bishop .
if the legislation was passed he would find it difficult to [stay] a diocesan bishop .

There is also concern that , no matter how carefully any mining operation is conducted here , the landscape can not remain unscathed : promises that everything will be ‘ put back as it was ’ when the mine is no longer profitable are considered naïve .
there is also concern that , no matter how carefully any mining operation is conducted here , the landscape can not [stay] unscathed : promises that everything will be ‘ put back as it was ’ when the mine is no longer profitable are considered naïve .

Many gargoyles have certainly been destroyed , but thousands remain .
many gargoyles have certainly been destroyed , but thousands [stay] .

Mulberries remain , of course , a marvellous ingredient for home-made wine .
mulberries [stay] , of course , a marvellous ingredient for home-made wine .

Long after even the latest apple tree has finally broken into leaf , the mulberry 's branches remain stubbornly bare .
long after even the latest apple tree has finally broken into leaf , the mulberry 's branches [stay] stubbornly bare .

To achieve this , individuals remain awake and seated for a full 24 hours ( the time for the rhythm to show a full cycle ) and the way they spend their time is as constant as possible .
to achieve this , individuals [stay] awake and seated for a full 24 hours ( the time for the rhythm to show a full cycle ) and the way they spend their time is as constant as possible .

This suggests that we need to perform an experiment in which volunteers remain on a constant routine for as many days as possible .
this suggests that we need to perform an experiment in which volunteers [stay] on a constant routine for as many days as possible .

If a link exists between body temperature and the sensation of fatigue , then it is reasonable to enquire if the abilities to fall asleep and remain asleep are also related to body temperature .
if a link exists between body temperature and the sensation of fatigue , then it is reasonable to enquire if the abilities to fall asleep and [stay] asleep are also related to body temperature .

Some individuals , even when living in normal society , do not remain in synchrony with the 24-hour day and instead free-run with a period of about 25 hours .
some individuals , even when living in normal society , do not [stay] in synchrony with the 24-hour day and instead free-run with a period of about 25 hours .

Most perfumes remain potent for around six months .
most perfumes [stay] potent for around six months .

‘ While some institutions have made public share investments in hotel companies , the property departments remain shy of hotels , ’ she said .
‘ while some institutions have made public share investments in hotel companies , the property departments [stay] shy of hotels , ’ she said .

This arrangement allowed the elaborate wooden structure of the steeply pitched roof — now much closer at hand following the insertion of the upper floor — to remain unmodified , an impressive preserved construction ‘ oversailing ’ the new living accommodation .
this arrangement allowed the elaborate wooden structure of the steeply pitched roof — now much closer at hand following the insertion of the upper floor — to [stay] unmodified , an impressive preserved construction ‘ oversailing ’ the new living accommodation .

Such work had to be minimal if the project was to remain viable .
such work had to be minimal if the project was to [stay] viable .

Most of the early London Board schools have been replaced or altered and most of those which survive remain in use as schools .
most of the early london board schools have been replaced or altered and most of those which survive [stay] in use as schools .

It is noteworthy that this type of conversion scheme was becoming fashionable in London , but the great difference was that flat prices in the capital were , and remain , very much higher that those applying in Manchester .
it is noteworthy that this type of conversion scheme was becoming fashionable in london , but the great difference was that flat prices in the capital were , and [stay] , very much higher that those applying in manchester .

Every man has moved into position and must remain silent and unobserved until the critical moment .
every man has moved into position and must [stay] silent and unobserved until the critical moment .

But the Four Powers are likely to remain responsible for the city for the foreseeable future .
but the four powers are likely to [stay] responsible for the city for the foreseeable future .

They are poorly paid , mainly young and female , have little chance of career progression and no incentive to remain in the profession .
they are poorly paid , mainly young and female , have little chance of career progression and no incentive to [stay] in the profession .

Several women felt too vulnerable or exposed to remain ; another left dramatically , announcing that her anger would destroy the group .
several women felt too vulnerable or exposed to [stay] ; another left dramatically , announcing that her anger would destroy the group .

In his moment of illumination on the bus , Lewis felt that he could either remain encased in this shell , or he could take it off .
in his moment of illumination on the bus , lewis felt that he could either [stay] encased in this shell , or he could take it off .

Lewis would not have guessed that Tolkien 's Kay would remain unfinished .
lewis would not have guessed that tolkien 's kay would [stay] unfinished .

Nonetheless , designs vary significantly from one year to the next , even if the subtle , sludgy fabrics remain essentially the same .
nonetheless , designs vary significantly from one year to the next , even if the subtle , sludgy fabrics [stay] essentially the same .

There was now a captive market for British films , and that market would expand steadily through the ten years the act was set to remain on the statute book .
there was now a captive market for british films , and that market would expand steadily through the ten years the act was set to [stay] on the statute book .

‘ The opportunities remain good , but miracles can not be expected overnight , ’ he said .
‘ the opportunities [stay] good , but miracles can not be expected overnight , ’ he said .

Nonetheless , short-term unemployment among the refugees is likely to remain high .
nonetheless , short-term unemployment among the refugees is likely to [stay] high .

Billions of dollars of Iranian assets remain frozen under former President Carter 's 1979 edict .
billions of dollars of iranian assets [stay] frozen under former president carter 's 1979 edict .

And yet what was Fritz to her ? Until a few weeks ago she had been scarcely aware of him except as a friendly and familiar face in class ; but now , now she was very much aware of him — and he was very definitely aware of her ; much to Erika 's embarrassment sitting with her and Rosa at lunch , at the next desk in class , asking her out to the cinema and even , to Erika 's amazement and , she suspected , his own , offering to help Paul with his homework — in the Nordern home , that is — an offer declined both by Erika and Paul , although Paul did corner Fritz in school and suggest to him that if he actually did the homework then he , Paul , would further his , Fritz 's , courtship of Erika ; Paul being shrewd enough to guess the motive behind Fritz 's philanthropic gesture even though the square on the hypotenuse might remain a mystery to him .
and yet what was fritz to her ? until a few weeks ago she had been scarcely aware of him except as a friendly and familiar face in class ; but now , now she was very much aware of him — and he was very definitely aware of her ; much to erika 's embarrassment sitting with her and rosa at lunch , at the next desk in class , asking her out to the cinema and even , to erika 's amazement and , she suspected , his own , offering to help paul with his homework — in the nordern home , that is — an offer declined both by erika and paul , although paul did corner fritz in school and suggest to him that if he actually did the homework then he , paul , would further his , fritz 's , courtship of erika ; paul being shrewd enough to guess the motive behind fritz 's philanthropic gesture even though the square on the hypotenuse might [stay] a mystery to him .

The markets still remain unsure whether interest rates are rising to keep the economy in check by containing consumer spending or whether they are rising to protect the pound in the international market .
the markets still [stay] unsure whether interest rates are rising to keep the economy in check by containing consumer spending or whether they are rising to protect the pound in the international market .

The figures deepened City anxiety over the outlook for inflation which is now expected to end the year between 7.5 and 7.75 per cent and remain above 7 per cent for the first quarter of 1990 .
the figures deepened city anxiety over the outlook for inflation which is now expected to end the year between 7.5 and 7.75 per cent and [stay] above 7 per cent for the first quarter of 1990 .

The company secretary of a very well known firm in Yeovil , Somerset ( he prefers to remain anonymous ) was yesterday spotted emptying the contents of the office 's hole punchers .
the company secretary of a very well known firm in yeovil , somerset ( he prefers to [stay] anonymous ) was yesterday spotted emptying the contents of the office 's hole punchers .

But even if the proposals prove sufficiently acceptable , important questions of principle will remain unresolved .
but even if the proposals prove sufficiently acceptable , important questions of principle will [stay] unresolved .

Yet the principles remain .
yet the principles [stay] .

Maurice Saatchi will remain as chairman .
maurice saatchi will [stay] as chairman .

Airline offer : The proposed takeover of American Airlines by Donald Trump is looking far-fetched following an offer by Texas businessman Robert Bass to help the carrier remain independent .
airline offer : the proposed takeover of american airlines by donald trump is looking far-fetched following an offer by texas businessman robert bass to help the carrier [stay] independent .

One of the difficulties is that the Angolan understanding of the agreement reached in June was that Mr Savimbi should not remain in Angola while elections are held , though he might return later .
one of the difficulties is that the angolan understanding of the agreement reached in june was that mr savimbi should not [stay] in angola while elections are held , though he might return later .

They say that more of the therapy group were married , and married people with cancer are known to survive longer ; that help with pain control meant they were more likely to remain active and continue with exercise ; and that they tended to eat better .
they say that more of the therapy group were married , and married people with cancer are known to survive longer ; that help with pain control meant they were more likely to [stay] active and continue with exercise ; and that they tended to eat better .

Although they intend taking some of the animals with them , the rest will probably remain with the estate .
although they intend taking some of the animals with them , the rest will probably [stay] with the estate .

But there is better news for the gloomies who thought that the North was destined forever to remain the hunting ground of wealthy southerners .
but there is better news for the gloomies who thought that the north was destined forever to [stay] the hunting ground of wealthy southerners .

While the environmental attractions of moving out may remain as strong as ever , the financial advantage from the fact that southern prices boomed first has largely disappeared .
while the environmental attractions of moving out may [stay] as strong as ever , the financial advantage from the fact that southern prices boomed first has largely disappeared .

Although only fragments remain , Dunseverick manages not to be outdone in the legend stakes ; Conal Caernach who lived here is said to have witnessed the crucifixion of Christ while serving in the Roman army .
although only fragments [stay] , dunseverick manages not to be outdone in the legend stakes ; conal caernach who lived here is said to have witnessed the crucifixion of christ while serving in the roman army .

It is hard to escape the view that this scene will remain , in essence , unchanged .
it is hard to escape the view that this scene will [stay] , in essence , unchanged .

Mr Kinnock is uninterested in finding a visionary ‘ big idea ’ for the party ; he is convinced that Labour 's values remain popular .
mr kinnock is uninterested in finding a visionary ‘ big idea ’ for the party ; he is convinced that labour 's values [stay] popular .

Supply would remain in the hands of crooks who would continue to push , but with total impunity , not just to their existing customers but as hard as they could to new ones as well .
supply would [stay] in the hands of crooks who would continue to push , but with total impunity , not just to their existing customers but as hard as they could to new ones as well .

For all his coinciding with the world of fashion , with the glamour and risks of the pederasty he helped publicise , Mapplethorpe 's pictures remain alien to the canons of American good taste and to meat-and-potato American ideas about art .
for all his coinciding with the world of fashion , with the glamour and risks of the pederasty he helped publicise , mapplethorpe 's pictures [stay] alien to the canons of american good taste and to meat-and-potato american ideas about art .

Policy initiative , set-piece engagements with the Opposition , even a starring role from the conference platform ( Heseltine has not delivered a speech there since 1985 ) remain the prerogative of those within the citadel of government .
policy initiative , set-piece engagements with the opposition , even a starring role from the conference platform ( heseltine has not delivered a speech there since 1985 ) [stay] the prerogative of those within the citadel of government .

The recent change of policy has unfrozen a flood of music by younger figures who have not undergone similar cultural repression , though the conditions of their work remain poignant and precarious .
the recent change of policy has unfrozen a flood of music by younger figures who have not undergone similar cultural repression , though the conditions of their work [stay] poignant and precarious .

‘ We are all here as free men — not tenants , and not plaintiffs or slaves but free people who are determined to remain so .
‘ we are all here as free men — not tenants , and not plaintiffs or slaves but free people who are determined to [stay] so .

If the body is to remain at home it is advisable for the room to remain cool .
if the body is to [stay] at home it is advisable for the room to [stay] cool .

Help at this time may help you or the person you look after to remain at home as confidence is slowly regained in managing in a new situation .
help at this time may help you or the person you look after to [stay] at home as confidence is slowly regained in managing in a new situation .

This is a discretionary trust fund which was set up to give financial help to people who need to pay for personal care or domestic assistance in order to remain living independently in their own homes .
this is a discretionary trust fund which was set up to give financial help to people who need to pay for personal care or domestic assistance in order to [stay] living independently in their own homes .

However until then the community charge will remain .
however until then the community charge will [stay] .

Art criticism seems more likely to remain in the shadows , out of the spotlight of academic controversy .
art criticism seems more likely to [stay] in the shadows , out of the spotlight of academic controversy .

anyone who expects this book to be a treatise on the history of landscape painting will be disappointed … in spite of copious rewriting , lectures these pages remain .
anyone who expects this book to be a treatise on the history of landscape painting will be disappointed … in spite of copious rewriting , lectures these pages [stay] .

But when Uccello died in his eighties , ‘ He left a daughter who could design , and a wife who used to say that Paolo would remain the night long in his study to work out the lines of his perspective , and that when she called him to come to rest , he replied , ‘ Oh what a sweet thing this perspective is ! ’
but when uccello died in his eighties , ‘ he left a daughter who could design , and a wife who used to say that paolo would [stay] the night long in his study to work out the lines of his perspective , and that when she called him to come to rest , he replied , ‘ oh what a sweet thing this perspective is ! ’

Certainly the new actor should never remain idle but create chances wherever possible .
certainly the new actor should never [stay] idle but create chances wherever possible .

Clearly , conscious processes are central to an individual 's own experience , but most of us remain neutral as to whether they are central to cognitive processes given that many , if not most , of these are not conscious .
clearly , conscious processes are central to an individual 's own experience , but most of us [stay] neutral as to whether they are central to cognitive processes given that many , if not most , of these are not conscious .

We wo n't produce any interesting generalizations , we wo n't succeed in predicting new phenomena , and the world will remain every bit as confusing as it was previously .
we wo n't produce any interesting generalizations , we wo n't succeed in predicting new phenomena , and the world will [stay] every bit as confusing as it was previously .

It 's important that you remain calm .
it 's important that you [stay] calm .

However , like the newly decorated glasshouse toad , the mealy bugs , being white , found it difficult to remain unseen .
however , like the newly decorated glasshouse toad , the mealy bugs , being white , found it difficult to [stay] unseen .

Some kill on contact and are then rendered ineffective , whereas systemic ( translocated ) chemicals are absorbed into the plant 's system and remain active for much longer , which could delay the harvest of fruit and vegetables .
some kill on contact and are then rendered ineffective , whereas systemic ( translocated ) chemicals are absorbed into the plant 's system and [stay] active for much longer , which could delay the harvest of fruit and vegetables .

Several will remain in bloom for more than one month .
several will [stay] in bloom for more than one month .

The elevator loads remain almost constant at all speeds and are so low that any jerky movement may result in very high ‘ g ’ loadings .
the elevator loads [stay] almost constant at all speeds and are so low that any jerky movement may result in very high ‘ g ’ loadings .

It is normal for this sensitivity to remain for a few flights and then gradually to disappear .
it is normal for this sensitivity to [stay] for a few flights and then gradually to disappear .

Little wonder that they were so fresh in her mind ; creating a very powerful effect on his mind and unconscious , musically and rhythmically , that would remain with him for life .
little wonder that they were so fresh in her mind ; creating a very powerful effect on his mind and unconscious , musically and rhythmically , that would [stay] with him for life .

One of his particular enjoyments at camp was the log-fire singing , whose ebullience and rhythms remain with him even today , many of them drawn from The People 's Song Book .
one of his particular enjoyments at camp was the log-fire singing , whose ebullience and rhythms [stay] with him even today , many of them drawn from the people 's song book .

Ordinarily the referee and judge remain on opposite sides of the contestants but sometimes , for example when the latter are circling each other , both end up on the same side .
ordinarily the referee and judge [stay] on opposite sides of the contestants but sometimes , for example when the latter are circling each other , both end up on the same side .

Always try to remain within the boundary of the competition area .
always try to [stay] within the boundary of the competition area .

£so , your rear hand has to be drawn further and further back from where it should be in order to remain immediately effective .
£so , your rear hand has to be drawn further and further back from where it should be in order to [stay] immediately effective .

Even during flurries of techniques , both hands remain on their respective sides of the centre-line .
even during flurries of techniques , both hands [stay] on their respective sides of the centre-line .

Also , bear in mind that traces of drugs remain in the system and can be detected for some time after you have stopped taking them .
also , bear in mind that traces of drugs [stay] in the system and can be detected for some time after you have stopped taking them .

Issues of class conflict within the group were to remain largely subordinate , as the matter of the nature and defence of loyalism itself was to dominate the scene right down to the present day .
issues of class conflict within the group were to [stay] largely subordinate , as the matter of the nature and defence of loyalism itself was to dominate the scene right down to the present day .

Even so , some orders still remain slightly independent from Rome , particularly the religious orders of solemn vows , whose existence preceded the reformation .
even so , some orders still [stay] slightly independent from rome , particularly the religious orders of solemn vows , whose existence preceded the reformation .

As Gibbon has noted , the cases of both Irish nationalism and Ulster unionism remain ‘ the two most spectacular class alliances in the political history of the British Isles ’ ( 1975 : 3 ) .
as gibbon has noted , the cases of both irish nationalism and ulster unionism [stay] ‘ the two most spectacular class alliances in the political history of the british isles ’ ( 1975 : 3 ) .

National centres of devotion remain relatively strong — the shrine to Mary at Knock , the annual climbing of Croagh Patrick , pilgrimage and penance at Lough Derg .
national centres of devotion [stay] relatively strong — the shrine to mary at knock , the annual climbing of croagh patrick , pilgrimage and penance at lough derg .

Even though the gap between clerical and lay religious intellectuals has closed , with clergy being left behind in some areas , the clerics remain the true cognoscenti in religious matters , and are expected to be so by the laity .
even though the gap between clerical and lay religious intellectuals has closed , with clergy being left behind in some areas , the clerics [stay] the true cognoscenti in religious matters , and are expected to be so by the laity .

Such a measure would be an insult to our Faith ; it would without question prove to be gravely damaging to morality , private and public ; it would be , and would remain , a curse upon our country .
such a measure would be an insult to our faith ; it would without question prove to be gravely damaging to morality , private and public ; it would be , and would [stay] , a curse upon our country .

Secondly , and in contrast with this respect for the state 's monopoly of violence , because the provisionals seek to destroy the Northern dominance of protestant loyalists with a view to restoring ‘ the historic integrity of Ireland ’ , there is and will remain substantial support from among the Southern population for the violence the provisionals actually commit in the North .
secondly , and in contrast with this respect for the state 's monopoly of violence , because the provisionals seek to destroy the northern dominance of protestant loyalists with a view to restoring ‘ the historic integrity of ireland ’ , there is and will [stay] substantial support from among the southern population for the violence the provisionals actually commit in the north .

Under the treaty with the United Kingdom , the twenty-six counties which were to become the independent state were to remain within the British Empire with dominion status , and the British monarch was to remain head of state .
under the treaty with the united kingdom , the twenty-six counties which were to become the independent state were to [stay] within the british empire with dominion status , and the british monarch was to [stay] head of state .

But they did and still do remain the authoritative conscience of the nation .
but they did and still do [stay] the authoritative conscience of the nation .

An editorial in the Catholic Herald and Standard on 25 May — it is distributed in Ireland as The Standard — criticized the Irish bishops ' apparently low esteem of their laity 's ability to remain constant in their marriages .
an editorial in the catholic herald and standard on 25 may — it is distributed in ireland as the standard — criticized the irish bishops ' apparently low esteem of their laity 's ability to [stay] constant in their marriages .

It would seem that catholic — nationalist morality is to remain a feature of the Southern state and of any future all-Ireland state , if the clerical church 's wishes continue to prevail .
it would seem that catholic — nationalist morality is to [stay] a feature of the southern state and of any future all-ireland state , if the clerical church 's wishes continue to prevail .

however , other prominent prisoners of conscience remain behind bars .
however , other prominent prisoners of conscience [stay] behind bars .

39 of the prisoners featured in the letter writing campaign have been released ; about 50 remain in prison .
39 of the prisoners featured in the letter writing campaign have been released ; about 50 [stay] in prison .

Three Colombian prisoners featured in the Letter Writing Campaign remain ‘ disappeared ’ .
three colombian prisoners featured in the letter writing campaign [stay] ‘ disappeared ’ .

Despite assurances from government officials that an investigation is in progress , his whereabouts remain unknown .
despite assurances from government officials that an investigation is in progress , his whereabouts [stay] unknown .

Three Moroccan prisoners of conscience remain in prison .
three moroccan prisoners of conscience [stay] in prison .

The other leg must remain straight out all the time , and must not touch the floor .
the other leg must [stay] straight out all the time , and must not touch the floor .

Much of the recent writings on anthropology at home remain largely concerned with temporary visits by the academic to what is still the ‘ exotic ’ world of ‘ out there ’ .
much of the recent writings on anthropology at home [stay] largely concerned with temporary visits by the academic to what is still the ‘ exotic ’ world of ‘ out there ’ .

Anthropological modes of enquiry are therefore programmed to steer us through the assumptions of police society , so that contradictions no longer remain incomprehensible .
anthropological modes of enquiry are therefore programmed to steer us through the assumptions of police society , so that contradictions no longer [stay] incomprehensible .

Those who do go public are disloyal and there are thinly veiled attempts to dismiss the value of any revelation they make , for they are expected to remain silent and uncritical .
those who do go public are disloyal and there are thinly veiled attempts to dismiss the value of any revelation they make , for they are expected to [stay] silent and uncritical .

Critical of the way that status is attributed by the institution , his thesis was that even as the service proclaims ‘ beat patrol work ’ to be the basis of all good policework , it penalizes and stigmatizes those who remain there .
critical of the way that status is attributed by the institution , his thesis was that even as the service proclaims ‘ beat patrol work ’ to be the basis of all good policework , it penalizes and stigmatizes those who [stay] there .

Its practitioners operate in a world constrained by a belief in the immediate implementation of the legal precept , in which it becomes axiomatic that even the academic/criminologist will remain outside the world of praxis .
its practitioners operate in a world constrained by a belief in the immediate implementation of the legal precept , in which it becomes axiomatic that even the academic/criminologist will [stay] outside the world of praxis .

Klima 's stories breathe a delicate patriotism — which is not absent , either , from Kundera 's accounts of a country which is harder to inhabit , or remain in , or return to .
klima 's stories breathe a delicate patriotism — which is not absent , either , from kundera 's accounts of a country which is harder to inhabit , or [stay] in , or return to .

In some , the outer husks remain almost whole .
in some , the outer husks [stay] almost whole .

If decoration is to remain valid it must be subordinate to the over-riding proportions and the requirements of use of the object in question ; yet still look good .
if decoration is to [stay] valid it must be subordinate to the over-riding proportions and the requirements of use of the object in question ; yet still look good .

If the case comes to trial , do n't worry , you will remain anonymous .
if the case comes to trial , do n't worry , you will [stay] anonymous .

The newer blood tests may well remain positive indefinitely , following infection , and no amount of treatment will alter them .
the newer blood tests may well [stay] positive indefinitely , following infection , and no amount of treatment will alter them .

Infection of the fallopian tubes must remain the most important cause of infertility today , although only a minority of cases will be due to gonorrhoea .
infection of the fallopian tubes must [stay] the most important cause of infertility today , although only a minority of cases will be due to gonorrhoea .

Although some women with trichomonal infection in the vagina may remain symptomless , the majority will develop at least a vaginal discharge .
although some women with trichomonal infection in the vagina may [stay] symptomless , the majority will develop at least a vaginal discharge .

At the time of the first attack it is possible to measure an increase in antibody levels in the blood , but these seem to remain fairly steady in any further attacks .
at the time of the first attack it is possible to measure an increase in antibody levels in the blood , but these seem to [stay] fairly steady in any further attacks .

They also tend to remain positive for a very long time , if not indefinitely , unless the infection has been treated in the very early stages .
they also tend to [stay] positive for a very long time , if not indefinitely , unless the infection has been treated in the very early stages .

Although the young lice inside the eggs are killed by this application , the nits will remain attached to the hairs firmly and a fine-toothed comb may be needed to detach them .
although the young lice inside the eggs are killed by this application , the nits will [stay] attached to the hairs firmly and a fine-toothed comb may be needed to detach them .

Unless she is scratched out , the adult female will remain in her burrow until she dies .
unless she is scratched out , the adult female will [stay] in her burrow until she dies .

If untreated , recovery occurs after a few weeks , but discharging abscesses may remain in the groin .
if untreated , recovery occurs after a few weeks , but discharging abscesses may [stay] in the groin .

( By 1983 , fashion had become so disjointed anyway — it became possible to achieve the look and sound of any youth cult movement since the forties and still remain firmly in vogue ) .
( by 1983 , fashion had become so disjointed anyway — it became possible to achieve the look and sound of any youth cult movement since the forties and still [stay] firmly in vogue ) .

But , if they ca n't break the star system , if it is impossible for a band of this stature to remain an ‘ ordinary existence ’ ( although it must be stated that New Order deliberately unglamourise their existence , wisely slowing down their schedules and viciously guarding their faceless media presence . New Order sell tremendous amounts of records and walk free among the streets of Manchester ) then would n't it be possible for the band to break rock'n'roll traditions by providing alternatives to the old rock show format ?
but , if they ca n't break the star system , if it is impossible for a band of this stature to [stay] an ‘ ordinary existence ’ ( although it must be stated that new order deliberately unglamourise their existence , wisely slowing down their schedules and viciously guarding their faceless media presence . new order sell tremendous amounts of records and walk free among the streets of manchester ) then would n't it be possible for the band to break rock'n'roll traditions by providing alternatives to the old rock show format ?

While the uppers often irritatingly remain almost as new as they day they came out of the box , the outsole looks as though it 's been left behind on the concrete , which of course it has .
while the uppers often irritatingly [stay] almost as new as they day they came out of the box , the outsole looks as though it 's been left behind on the concrete , which of course it has .

That it seems pointless not to remain friends after so long , and ask him to have a meal with you .
that it seems pointless not to [stay] friends after so long , and ask him to have a meal with you .

If you 're breast feeding , your hormone levels remain high until you stop .
if you 're breast feeding , your hormone levels [stay] high until you stop .

( June 22-July 23 ) Although Jupiter is now sparkling away in your own birth sign and you in turn should feel decidedly more buoyant or optimistic , unfortunately , the atmosphere at home is likely to remain strained during the first few days of the month .
( june 22-july 23 ) although jupiter is now sparkling away in your own birth sign and you in turn should feel decidedly more buoyant or optimistic , unfortunately , the atmosphere at home is likely to [stay] strained during the first few days of the month .

Therefore , to that extent and that extent only , the two vehicles remain separated as a snail and a recognizably distinct fluke inside it .
therefore , to that extent and that extent only , the two vehicles [stay] separated as a snail and a recognizably distinct fluke inside it .

And of course sometimes during this apprenticeship Boy knew that what he really wanted was not to be taught to be one of us , not to be taught how to be a man at all , but to be reassured that he might somehow remain a boy forever .
and of course sometimes during this apprenticeship boy knew that what he really wanted was not to be taught to be one of us , not to be taught how to be a man at all , but to be reassured that he might somehow [stay] a boy forever .

If we remain ‘ stuck ’ Christians , we can not expect our children to become ‘ growing ’ Christians .
if we [stay] ‘ stuck ’ christians , we can not expect our children to become ‘ growing ’ christians .

This means that in many ways we become like God , and yet in others we remain unlike him .
this means that in many ways we become like god , and yet in others we [stay] unlike him .

We remain sinners , while he is the Holy God .
we [stay] sinners , while he is the holy god .

Yet we remain human beings with quivering flesh and throbbing nerves who need the small delights of emotional well-being .
yet we [stay] human beings with quivering flesh and throbbing nerves who need the small delights of emotional well-being .

We are able to remain detached observers of life .
we are able to [stay] detached observers of life .

It is only as we remain exiles , stay-behind agents , spies in enemy territory , that we can really learn to delight in God alone .
it is only as we [stay] exiles , stay-behind agents , spies in enemy territory , that we can really learn to delight in god alone .

This is where the sculptor might be expected to remain close to the original , though even here a Roman preference can be detected for a certain shape , or for an angle that increases the sentimental value of the copy .
this is where the sculptor might be expected to [stay] close to the original , though even here a roman preference can be detected for a certain shape , or for an angle that increases the sentimental value of the copy .

So long as land prices and interest rates remain astronomically high , few will be in a position to buy a holding , however small , with any prospect of their capital paying them a living through genuine farming ( as opposed to exploitation or ‘ mining ’ ) .
so long as land prices and interest rates [stay] astronomically high , few will be in a position to buy a holding , however small , with any prospect of their capital paying them a living through genuine farming ( as opposed to exploitation or ‘ mining ’ ) .

Unlike other cereals , rye is cross-fertilized and does not remain true to type .
unlike other cereals , rye is cross-fertilized and does not [stay] true to type .

There is clearly now an urgent need for a Historic Stations Trust to remove those treasures that remain beyond the reach of the hammers of the destroyers , both official and unofficial , so that at least part of this precious heritage may be handed down to future generations .
there is clearly now an urgent need for a historic stations trust to remove those treasures that [stay] beyond the reach of the hammers of the destroyers , both official and unofficial , so that at least part of this precious heritage may be handed down to future generations .

The arch was to remain one of the important station motifs but it was to be matched and surpassed by the tower .
the arch was to [stay] one of the important station motifs but it was to be matched and surpassed by the tower .

It will long remain a problem to the average person that these sheds had such wide popularity and that so little use was made of the cheaper , cleaner , or , in fact , better umbrella sheds .
it will long [stay] a problem to the average person that these sheds had such wide popularity and that so little use was made of the cheaper , cleaner , or , in fact , better umbrella sheds .

At Samarkand , masons were active building a grand terminus ( which was to remain so only until the railway was carried through to Tashkent in 1898 ) .
at samarkand , masons were active building a grand terminus ( which was to [stay] so only until the railway was carried through to tashkent in 1898 ) .

In any case , for as long as they remain as powerful as they are and until the country is ready for a proper comprehensive system the grammar school should be preserved : ‘ It would , moreover , be absurd from a socialist point of view to close down the grammar school , while leaving the public schools still holding their present commanding position .
in any case , for as long as they [stay] as powerful as they are and until the country is ready for a proper comprehensive system the grammar school should be preserved : ‘ it would , moreover , be absurd from a socialist point of view to close down the grammar school , while leaving the public schools still holding their present commanding position .

Existing comprehensive schools in Coventry , for example , had successfully developed forms of organization based upon the ‘ house ’ — a unit in which a pupil would remain throughout his school career , and to which also belonged a group of teachers .
existing comprehensive schools in coventry , for example , had successfully developed forms of organization based upon the ‘ house ’ — a unit in which a pupil would [stay] throughout his school career , and to which also belonged a group of teachers .

Nor could the academic organization of the schools remain as rudimentary as it had been : communication and management would not just ‘ happen ’ in schools of a thousand pupils or more , and the stream of curriculum innovation needed to be carefully channelled — especially in a system where each school enjoyed considerable freedom in choosing patterns of study and teaching methods .
nor could the academic organization of the schools [stay] as rudimentary as it had been : communication and management would not just ‘ happen ’ in schools of a thousand pupils or more , and the stream of curriculum innovation needed to be carefully channelled — especially in a system where each school enjoyed considerable freedom in choosing patterns of study and teaching methods .

For that reason , it should remain in the hands of local government .
for that reason , it should [stay] in the hands of local government .

The glorious views to and from the building remain , and their grounds , though overgrown , can quickly be restored .
the glorious views to and from the building [stay] , and their grounds , though overgrown , can quickly be restored .

Roo Management wanted to put these rooms to intensive use throughout the day and in these circumstances it was clear that the contents could not remain .
roo management wanted to put these rooms to intensive use throughout the day and in these circumstances it was clear that the contents could not [stay] .

Here , the English Tourist Board and the local authority decided the magnificent fifteenth-century castle , if it was to remain intact and open to the public , would not find a purchaser without permission for development .
here , the english tourist board and the local authority decided the magnificent fifteenth-century castle , if it was to [stay] intact and open to the public , would not find a purchaser without permission for development .

The furniture and furnishings may be wholly unsuitable ; partitions and fire doors may have caused considerable damage — but the houses themselves remain , in architectural terms , of the highest importance .
the furniture and furnishings may be wholly unsuitable ; partitions and fire doors may have caused considerable damage — but the houses themselves [stay] , in architectural terms , of the highest importance .

While temples built in the later eighteenth century may have stood in a naturalistic landscape inspired by the paintings of Claude , earlier garden buildings almost certainly stood in more formal settings , and fragments of avenues or long overgrown yew and beech hedges may remain .
while temples built in the later eighteenth century may have stood in a naturalistic landscape inspired by the paintings of claude , earlier garden buildings almost certainly stood in more formal settings , and fragments of avenues or long overgrown yew and beech hedges may [stay] .

Eighteenth-century maps of historic towns often show elaborate formal gardens behind the houses , but very few traces of these remain .
eighteenth-century maps of historic towns often show elaborate formal gardens behind the houses , but very few traces of these [stay] .

It is encouraging to note that , since 1977 , not only have many more churches been listed , but a serious effort has also been made to find new uses for a much higher percentage of redundant churches — although procedures remain unnecessarily complicated and frustrating .
it is encouraging to note that , since 1977 , not only have many more churches been listed , but a serious effort has also been made to find new uses for a much higher percentage of redundant churches — although procedures [stay] unnecessarily complicated and frustrating .

The position on partial demolition , however , remained uncertain after the House of Lords case , and by degrees various church bodies began to put forward proposals for partial demolition , in some cases leaving no more than a facade or church hall , arguing that , as part of the site was to remain in ecclesiastical use , no permission to demolish was required .
the position on partial demolition , however , remained uncertain after the house of lords case , and by degrees various church bodies began to put forward proposals for partial demolition , in some cases leaving no more than a facade or church hall , arguing that , as part of the site was to [stay] in ecclesiastical use , no permission to demolish was required .

Much of the writing about television fiction seems to me to remain at the level of elementary genres , grounded in the dominance of the semantic aspect , with relatively little analytic or historical attention to the ‘ verbal ’ ( style , mise-en-scene ) or the ‘ syntactic ’ ( narrative structure ) : there is very little close textual analysis of television fiction , and there is no scholarly history of the development of television form to compare with the histories which have emerged of early cinema .
much of the writing about television fiction seems to me to [stay] at the level of elementary genres , grounded in the dominance of the semantic aspect , with relatively little analytic or historical attention to the ‘ verbal ’ ( style , mise-en-scene ) or the ‘ syntactic ’ ( narrative structure ) : there is very little close textual analysis of television fiction , and there is no scholarly history of the development of television form to compare with the histories which have emerged of early cinema .

And why not ? For if left cultural criticism is not about changing the world , in some small but not insignificant way , then what is it about ? Is it just to remain an afterthought , a theorization of a practice past , or is it to become a political intervention in a practice still happening ? As Mike Poole has said :
and why not ? for if left cultural criticism is not about changing the world , in some small but not insignificant way , then what is it about ? is it just to [stay] an afterthought , a theorization of a practice past , or is it to become a political intervention in a practice still happening ? as mike poole has said :

Best of Opposite Sex Following the selection of Best of Breed and Best of Winners , all the winners of the opposite sex to Best of Breed remain in the ring .
best of opposite sex following the selection of best of breed and best of winners , all the winners of the opposite sex to best of breed [stay] in the ring .

Thus they were forced to remain in hiding and at half past two they saw the glow of the fires that Mayne had lit at Tamit lighting up the horizon .
thus they were forced to [stay] in hiding and at half past two they saw the glow of the fires that mayne had lit at tamit lighting up the horizon .

The Beauty Myth casts bright light on the ugly facts about woman 's current situation and social identity — facts which are blatantly obvious , but to which women seem to remain blind and submissive .
the beauty myth casts bright light on the ugly facts about woman 's current situation and social identity — facts which are blatantly obvious , but to which women seem to [stay] blind and submissive .

Many people there were expecting an Israeli attack on Jordan , the aims of which would be to force the Palestinians of the Occupied lands to remain in Jordan , and , in accordance with Israel 's notorious ‘ transfer plan ’ , accommodate the expected arrival in Israel of millions of immigrants from the Soviet Union .
many people there were expecting an israeli attack on jordan , the aims of which would be to force the palestinians of the occupied lands to [stay] in jordan , and , in accordance with israel 's notorious ‘ transfer plan ’ , accommodate the expected arrival in israel of millions of immigrants from the soviet union .

Our commitment is to remain in this art form because it is positive and real ; and to demand the right to define it .
our commitment is to [stay] in this art form because it is positive and real ; and to demand the right to define it .

By now her hiding-place had become far too dangerous for her to remain in it for much longer .
by now her hiding-place had become far too dangerous for her to [stay] in it for much longer .

Although the Brady debt initiative has gone some way to potentially alleviating the debt problems of Chile , Colombia , Costa Rica , Mexico and Uruguay — those countries which have made serious adjustments — two of the biggest debtors , Brazil and Argentina , remain outside the ring .
although the brady debt initiative has gone some way to potentially alleviating the debt problems of chile , colombia , costa rica , mexico and uruguay — those countries which have made serious adjustments — two of the biggest debtors , brazil and argentina , [stay] outside the ring .

Grey areas still remain , however , and the Takeover Panel has now attempted to clear one of those concerned with the current fashion for buy-outs .
grey areas still [stay] , however , and the takeover panel has now attempted to clear one of those concerned with the current fashion for buy-outs .

You shake a sheaf of poems in the face of killers ; you do paintings with Uncle Sam as an anaconda ; and writers talk of five centuries of resistance to oppressors who may change-colonists , missionaries , generals , coke bosses-but whose victims remain the same .
you shake a sheaf of poems in the face of killers ; you do paintings with uncle sam as an anaconda ; and writers talk of five centuries of resistance to oppressors who may change-colonists , missionaries , generals , coke bosses-but whose victims [stay] the same .

While this may mean working only one day less per week , that one day may provide a vital breathing space for women like Alice Perkins , working in demanding , pressurised jobs , and it may just allow them to remain on a career path that will take them into positions of power .
while this may mean working only one day less per week , that one day may provide a vital breathing space for women like alice perkins , working in demanding , pressurised jobs , and it may just allow them to [stay] on a career path that will take them into positions of power .

Heading into the last weekend of the regular season , a record 17 out of 28 teams remain in play-off contention .
heading into the last weekend of the regular season , a record 17 out of 28 teams [stay] in play-off contention .

It could well remain the best .
it could well [stay] the best .

Such initiation ceremonies remain common in many jobs in Britain , despite growing disapproval by managers and trade unions .
such initiation ceremonies [stay] common in many jobs in britain , despite growing disapproval by managers and trade unions .

The seven questions were : What guarantees would there be that a united Germany would not threaten security and peace in Europe ? ; Would ‘ such a hypothetical Germany ’ accept its existing borders ? ; What would be the place of a united Germany in relation to the cold war alliances ? ; Would a united Germany accept demilitarisation and ‘ adopt a neutral status ? ’ ; Would allied soldiers remain on German soil ? ; How would a united Germany fit in with the attempt through the Helsinki process to end the division of Europe ? ; and , would the new Germany take into account the interests of others in concluding a European peace settlement ?
the seven questions were : what guarantees would there be that a united germany would not threaten security and peace in europe ? ; would ‘ such a hypothetical germany ’ accept its existing borders ? ; what would be the place of a united germany in relation to the cold war alliances ? ; would a united germany accept demilitarisation and ‘ adopt a neutral status ? ’ ; would allied soldiers [stay] on german soil ? ; how would a united germany fit in with the attempt through the helsinki process to end the division of europe ? ; and , would the new germany take into account the interests of others in concluding a european peace settlement ?

The new levels of grant — £2,845 in London halls or lodgings , £2,265 out of London and £1,795 for students living at their parental home — should remain frozen from next autumn as the loan scheme is phased in .
the new levels of grant — £2,845 in london halls or lodgings , £2,265 out of london and £1,795 for students living at their parental home — should [stay] frozen from next autumn as the loan scheme is phased in .

And if you do n't ? Well , Tony and the boys will be forced to remain scumbags .
and if you do n't ? well , tony and the boys will be forced to [stay] scumbags .

For when the military regime goes and the era of democracy dawns , the problems tackled by Torrijos ( with some success ) and by Noriega ( with little or none ) will still remain .
for when the military regime goes and the era of democracy dawns , the problems tackled by torrijos ( with some success ) and by noriega ( with little or none ) will still [stay] .

Crystal Palace v Norwich City Palace continue to flirt with danger and Norwich , who remain one of the best footballing sides in the League , have Fleck in their squad after knee and back injuries .
crystal palace v norwich city palace continue to flirt with danger and norwich , who [stay] one of the best footballing sides in the league , have fleck in their squad after knee and back injuries .

Beasant 's goalkeeping spared Chelsea another drubbing at Crystal Palace on Boxing Day and so long as their strikers remain on target they could get a decent result today .
beasant 's goalkeeping spared chelsea another drubbing at crystal palace on boxing day and so long as their strikers [stay] on target they could get a decent result today .

Now , fewer than 14,000 hectares remain .
now , fewer than 14,000 hectares [stay] .

But the people trying to implement policies remain human , and therefore fallible , like the rest of us ; cases of ‘ indiscipline ’ , corruption and general inefficiency now surface with embarrassing frequency .
but the people trying to implement policies [stay] human , and therefore fallible , like the rest of us ; cases of ‘ indiscipline ’ , corruption and general inefficiency now surface with embarrassing frequency .

She will remain a happy memory with us always .
she will [stay] a happy memory with us always .

To this extent , the Council is literally unaccountable to anyone , even where individual governments remain — in theory — answerable to their national Parliaments .
to this extent , the council is literally unaccountable to anyone , even where individual governments [stay] — in theory — answerable to their national parliaments .

‘ The worst possible scenario would be for the civilian government to remain in a weak and powerless state , forcing us to maintain a military occupation in the city , ’ said Mr Roberts , who is dean of the law school at DePaul University in Chicago .
‘ the worst possible scenario would be for the civilian government to [stay] in a weak and powerless state , forcing us to maintain a military occupation in the city , ’ said mr roberts , who is dean of the law school at depaul university in chicago .

‘ The longer they remain , the greater the chances of disaster .
‘ the longer they [stay] , the greater the chances of disaster .

‘ It is a regime of personal , family power that has no honest reason to remain , ’ he told reporters .
‘ it is a regime of personal , family power that has no honest reason to [stay] , ’ he told reporters .

Sixty-five per cent of the economy will remain in state hands in six years ' time and workers will no longer elect managers .
sixty-five per cent of the economy will [stay] in state hands in six years ' time and workers will no longer elect managers .

The armed men eventually let me retrieve my bag and notebook — my money had been taken — and remain in the lobby .
the armed men eventually let me retrieve my bag and notebook — my money had been taken — and [stay] in the lobby .

‘ If they can live harmoniously and happily together , they will remain united .
‘ if they can live harmoniously and happily together , they will [stay] united .

Another major feature of the past decade has been the advent of in-house credit cards offered by large department stores , which remain popular despite the punitive rates of interest .
another major feature of the past decade has been the advent of in-house credit cards offered by large department stores , which [stay] popular despite the punitive rates of interest .

Another major feature of the past decade has been the advent of in-house credit cards offered by large department stores , which remain popular despite the punitive rates of interest .
another major feature of the past decade has been the advent of in-house credit cards offered by large department stores , which [stay] popular despite the punitive rates of interest .

Threats of a Lords revolt remain , with Mr Patten 's attempts to defuse the row having failed .
threats of a lords revolt [stay] , with mr patten 's attempts to defuse the row having failed .

Mr Mathew claims that as long as the temporary grant is allowed to remain — in breach of statute — anyone who makes a will is similarly vulnerable .
mr mathew claims that as long as the temporary grant is allowed to [stay] — in breach of statute — anyone who makes a will is similarly vulnerable .

‘ We aim to give such people the confidence to remain in Hong Kong so that they can continue to make their contribution to the success and prosperity of the territory . ’
‘ we aim to give such people the confidence to [stay] in hong kong so that they can continue to make their contribution to the success and prosperity of the territory . ’

The decision to allow passengers to remain in their cars while transporter trains pass through the Channel Tunnel has come under attack .
the decision to allow passengers to [stay] in their cars while transporter trains pass through the channel tunnel has come under attack .

Budapest also remain apprehensive about the nature of Romania 's future political parties , and particularly those of the National Christian Peasant Party , which was recently formed with the help of Mrs Doina Cornea , one of Romania 's leading former dissidents .
budapest also [stay] apprehensive about the nature of romania 's future political parties , and particularly those of the national christian peasant party , which was recently formed with the help of mrs doina cornea , one of romania 's leading former dissidents .

For a time it seemed that Moran might choose to remain seated and force McQuaid to make his own way out of the house .
for a time it seemed that moran might choose to [stay] seated and force mcquaid to make his own way out of the house .

All he did was remain at the point where they first met .
all he did was [stay] at the point where they first met .

She was determined to remain .
she was determined to [stay] .

Rose fussed discreetly around him but he could not remain the centre of attention for long .
rose fussed discreetly around him but he could not [stay] the centre of attention for long .

Mechanically the entry level Polos remain the same , bar the adoption of fuel injection .
mechanically the entry level polos [stay] the same , bar the adoption of fuel injection .

He looked certain to remain a professor for the rest of his life .
he looked certain to [stay] a professor for the rest of his life .

The aim of his life was to remain a scholar and a teacher while he was a bishop .
the aim of his life was to [stay] a scholar and a teacher while he was a bishop .

Most of a Stage 2 company 's strategy and efforts remain concentrated on the domestic scene .
most of a stage 2 company 's strategy and efforts [stay] concentrated on the domestic scene .

Even beyond these deficiencies in the existing literature , there remain two large gaps to be filled .
even beyond these deficiencies in the existing literature , there [stay] two large gaps to be filled .

During the Election the National Government would remain in being , though of course each Party would fight the Election on its own lines .
during the election the national government would [stay] in being , though of course each party would fight the election on its own lines .

The enduring appeal of the Conservatives is undoubtedly one of the most important political phenomena of the twentieth century : and yet both the party as an institution and the nature of British Conservatism remain relatively under-studied .
the enduring appeal of the conservatives is undoubtedly one of the most important political phenomena of the twentieth century : and yet both the party as an institution and the nature of british conservatism [stay] relatively under-studied .

Furthermore , this lack of a detailed history of Conservatism has handicapped the study of Thatcherism itself , for the absence of a clear historical perspective has ensured that , in spite of the proliferation of literature , the ideological origins of the Thatcherite Revolution remain obscure .
furthermore , this lack of a detailed history of conservatism has handicapped the study of thatcherism itself , for the absence of a clear historical perspective has ensured that , in spite of the proliferation of literature , the ideological origins of the thatcherite revolution [stay] obscure .

While there have been important pioneering studies , the hinterland of the Edwardian Conservative party and its ideological structures remain to be explored .
while there have been important pioneering studies , the hinterland of the edwardian conservative party and its ideological structures [stay] to be explored .

do n't obsess yourself with the idea that none of them ( Unionist MPs ) understand the view of the man in the street … there is plenty of soundness in the party inside the House … and , easy as it is to call everyone inside Parliamentarians , and to assume that everyone outside are the only judges … you will have to get inside before you realize the difficulties of the situation , or the value of the cool-headed men who still represent the Unionist party in the House , and remain independent of Cabinet influence …
do n't obsess yourself with the idea that none of them ( unionist mps ) understand the view of the man in the street … there is plenty of soundness in the party inside the house … and , easy as it is to call everyone inside parliamentarians , and to assume that everyone outside are the only judges … you will have to get inside before you realize the difficulties of the situation , or the value of the cool-headed men who still represent the unionist party in the house , and [stay] independent of cabinet influence …

Of course , it is hard to know much of women 's thinking because they are so rarely represented in the source material ; for example , having no legal personality in common law , they were forced to remain silent in ‘ crim .
of course , it is hard to know much of women 's thinking because they are so rarely represented in the source material ; for example , having no legal personality in common law , they were forced to [stay] silent in ‘ crim .

Some of these girls whose families have come from rural areas in Azad Kashmir or Mirpur feel that their parents allow them to go to school only because in Britain it would be illegal for them to remain at home .
some of these girls whose families have come from rural areas in azad kashmir or mirpur feel that their parents allow them to go to school only because in britain it would be illegal for them to [stay] at home .

The serious remain .
the serious [stay] .

But she has no intention of changing course now as she believes that , run as separate entities , the shops remain manageable and provide a strong incentive to succeed for the franchisees .
but she has no intention of changing course now as she believes that , run as separate entities , the shops [stay] manageable and provide a strong incentive to succeed for the franchisees .

Capital equipment ( except in expanding lines like cement ) and , to a large extent , labour employed , remain constant whether or not producing at full capacity .
capital equipment ( except in expanding lines like cement ) and , to a large extent , labour employed , [stay] constant whether or not producing at full capacity .

There remain finally the imported materials , of which timber alone is alleged to be a real limitation .
there [stay] finally the imported materials , of which timber alone is alleged to be a real limitation .

True , all acts of government policy create a presumption that they will remain in force and are an invitation to the citizen to adapt his private behaviour accordingly ; but the tendency of decisions in the social service field to create vested interests is of a quite peculiar order .
true , all acts of government policy create a presumption that they will [stay] in force and are an invitation to the citizen to adapt his private behaviour accordingly ; but the tendency of decisions in the social service field to create vested interests is of a quite peculiar order .

The utopias which those most sensitive to envy and guilt have devised throughout the ages for their own relief remain literally utopian : the question is not how envy is removed , but how it is lived with .
the utopias which those most sensitive to envy and guilt have devised throughout the ages for their own relief [stay] literally utopian : the question is not how envy is removed , but how it is lived with .

They meant to build up their own industries behind their tariff barriers , and not to remain the permanent primary producers for the industrial United Kingdom ; and when Chamberlain once incautiously disclosed this logical implication of his policy , he was forced to beat an instant retreat .
they meant to build up their own industries behind their tariff barriers , and not to [stay] the permanent primary producers for the industrial united kingdom ; and when chamberlain once incautiously disclosed this logical implication of his policy , he was forced to beat an instant retreat .

Yet the two professions remain deliciously distinct .
yet the two professions [stay] deliciously distinct .

4 Commando ( French Troop ) and decided to remain with them for a few days , due mainly to their hospitality and the change of scene .
4 commando ( french troop ) and decided to [stay] with them for a few days , due mainly to their hospitality and the change of scene .

However when the party broke up and he offered her a lift home , she was quick to negotiate secretly with her hostess for her bike to remain unmentioned in the stairwell until she came back the next day to collect it .
however when the party broke up and he offered her a lift home , she was quick to negotiate secretly with her hostess for her bike to [stay] unmentioned in the stairwell until she came back the next day to collect it .

The words will remain , indubitably .
the words will [stay] , indubitably .

The rights to the writer 's compositions will remain with the publishing company for between ten and fifteen years after the expiry of the deal .
the rights to the writer 's compositions will [stay] with the publishing company for between ten and fifteen years after the expiry of the deal .

The environment within which projects have been planned and executed has frequently allowed these questions to remain unanswered in reality , if not on the paper on which loan agreements are written .
the environment within which projects have been planned and executed has frequently allowed these questions to [stay] unanswered in reality , if not on the paper on which loan agreements are written .

It was evident that by the end of the seventies Britain would be self-sufficient in oil and was likely to remain so , depending on depletion policy , until at least the end of the century .
it was evident that by the end of the seventies britain would be self-sufficient in oil and was likely to [stay] so , depending on depletion policy , until at least the end of the century .

Gibraltar , whose importance as a naval base was now much diminished , caused continuing diplomatic embarrassment with Spain , although the local population made clear their wish to remain British .
gibraltar , whose importance as a naval base was now much diminished , caused continuing diplomatic embarrassment with spain , although the local population made clear their wish to [stay] british .

Under this Mrs Thatcher and Dr FitzGerald agreed that Northern Ireland would remain a part of the United Kingdom according to the wishes of its majority , but that ministers from Britain and the Republic would meet regularly to review political and security aspects .
under this mrs thatcher and dr fitzgerald agreed that northern ireland would [stay] a part of the united kingdom according to the wishes of its majority , but that ministers from britain and the republic would meet regularly to review political and security aspects .

Indeed , as the indices stubbornly refused to improve , there seemed little prospect that interest rates would not remain at this historically high level for a long period to come .
indeed , as the indices stubbornly refused to improve , there seemed little prospect that interest rates would not [stay] at this historically high level for a long period to come .

The Low Tatra mountains and the Slovenský Raj National Park on the other hand remain more of a well-kept secret .
the low tatra mountains and the slovenský raj national park on the other hand [stay] more of a well-kept secret .

( c ) The ruined huts are all that remain of the old crofting settlement of Borreraig , an extreme example of the eviction of crofting communities in the 19th century .
( c ) the ruined huts are all that [stay] of the old crofting settlement of borreraig , an extreme example of the eviction of crofting communities in the 19th century .

Black immigration , recession , and the enormous purses which television can provide have meant there remain a ready supply of men willing to risk brain damage in the ring .
black immigration , recession , and the enormous purses which television can provide have meant there [stay] a ready supply of men willing to risk brain damage in the ring .

The ‘ continuity ’ thesis is obviously attractive to the social historian but important reservations and unanswered questions remain .
the ‘ continuity ’ thesis is obviously attractive to the social historian but important reservations and unanswered questions [stay] .

In composite form the tensile modulus is reduced , but the modulus-to-density ratios for carbon fibre and Kevlar nevertheless remain markedly superior to those of the common engineering materials .
in composite form the tensile modulus is reduced , but the modulus-to-density ratios for carbon fibre and kevlar nevertheless [stay] markedly superior to those of the common engineering materials .

This presentation allows the hint of primitive ritual to remain in the background , just as later Eliot was to imply with deliberate provocation that behind the High Mass lay , if one went back far enough , ‘ the Australian ceremonies described by Spencer and Gillen and Hewett [ sic ] ’ .
this presentation allows the hint of primitive ritual to [stay] in the background , just as later eliot was to imply with deliberate provocation that behind the high mass lay , if one went back far enough , ‘ the australian ceremonies described by spencer and gillen and hewett [ sic ] ’ .

It falls to stifle creative enterprise , with the result that all that remain are dying echoes
it falls to stifle creative enterprise , with the result that all that [stay] are dying echoes

There remain , though , links with that poetry .
there [stay] , though , links with that poetry .

There will probably always remain a real inequality of races , as there is always inequality of individuals .
there will probably always [stay] a real inequality of races , as there is always inequality of individuals .

Primitive terrors remain dormant , continually erupting in ‘ various spells and enchantments ’ , or anxious questions , ‘ What ambush lies beyond the heather/ And behind the Standing Stones ?
primitive terrors [stay] dormant , continually erupting in ‘ various spells and enchantments ’ , or anxious questions , ‘ what ambush lies beyond the heather/ and behind the standing stones ?

Their form or pattern , dead in itself , may hint at something higher , but unless that higher truth is realized , they remain meaningless and deathly .
their form or pattern , dead in itself , may hint at something higher , but unless that higher truth is realized , they [stay] meaningless and deathly .

The Cocktail Party presents again a world whose moral base has been eroded , though surface conventions remain .
the cocktail party presents again a world whose moral base has been eroded , though surface conventions [stay] .

For all the talk about a new consensus and a new realism , however , a number of issues remain open .
for all the talk about a new consensus and a new realism , however , a number of issues [stay] open .

There remain certain continuities which should give us pause .
there [stay] certain continuities which should give us pause .

Because they are so pervasive , and because their subordinate terms remain so powerfully denigrated , the erotics of active/passive should not be identified as coextensive with masculine/feminine , and should not be thought identical across the hetero/homosexual divide .
because they are so pervasive , and because their subordinate terms [stay] so powerfully denigrated , the erotics of active/passive should not be identified as coextensive with masculine/feminine , and should not be thought identical across the hetero/homosexual divide .

Lawrence remained too preoccupied with what in his adjusted mind he projected , disavowed , or consciously repudiated ; homosexuality especially remained too fascinating for either his strenuous vision of psychic adjustment or his banal view of sexual difference as unity in opposition to remain unharassed by it .
lawrence remained too preoccupied with what in his adjusted mind he projected , disavowed , or consciously repudiated ; homosexuality especially remained too fascinating for either his strenuous vision of psychic adjustment or his banal view of sexual difference as unity in opposition to [stay] unharassed by it .

In this immensely rewarding contribution to Renaissance studies , he argues that Marlowe 's heroes remain , in effect , contained .
in this immensely rewarding contribution to renaissance studies , he argues that marlowe 's heroes [stay] , in effect , contained .

Essentially , they remain embedded in what they oppose : ‘ they simply reverse the paradigms and embrace what the society brands as evil .
essentially , they [stay] embedded in what they oppose : ‘ they simply reverse the paradigms and embrace what the society brands as evil .

The play centres on the severe cultural disturbance generated by the fact that Clara , a girl , has been brought up as a boy and wants to remain one , while her brother , Lucio , has been brought up as a girl which he wants to remain , despite the fact that society is now demanding that both return to their normal gender ascriptions .
the play centres on the severe cultural disturbance generated by the fact that clara , a girl , has been brought up as a boy and wants to [stay] one , while her brother , lucio , has been brought up as a girl which he wants to [stay] , despite the fact that society is now demanding that both return to their normal gender ascriptions .

To be sure , the characteristics of the transcendent self remain in play : to become what others saw him as being required great self-discipline ‘ similar to spiritual exercises ’ ; eventually he aspires to a classical stoic independence of spirit , a kind of sainthood ( p. 146 ) .
to be sure , the characteristics of the transcendent self [stay] in play : to become what others saw him as being required great self-discipline ‘ similar to spiritual exercises ’ ; eventually he aspires to a classical stoic independence of spirit , a kind of sainthood ( p. 146 ) .

But crucial differences remain , and it was because the early modern transvestite was not conceptualized in terms of a pathological sexual subjectivity — the modern ‘ homosexual ’ — that her transgression was regarded , albeit with paranoia , as more social than sexual .
but crucial differences [stay] , and it was because the early modern transvestite was not conceptualized in terms of a pathological sexual subjectivity — the modern ‘ homosexual ’ — that her transgression was regarded , albeit with paranoia , as more social than sexual .

Transgressive reinscription will always remain controversial , if only because it raises such disturbing questions about desire itself , making it profoundly social and thereby asking equally disturbing questions about culture , representation , and social process .
transgressive reinscription will always [stay] controversial , if only because it raises such disturbing questions about desire itself , making it profoundly social and thereby asking equally disturbing questions about culture , representation , and social process .

As Ania Loomba puts it , in relation to colonialist studies , ‘ the neglect of histories surrounding native insubordination either devalues or romanticises the latter , or worse , tends to read colonised subjects through linguistic or psychoanalytic theories which , for some of us at least , remain suspiciously and problematically shot through with ethnocentric assumptions whose transfer to all subalterns is unacceptable ’ ( ‘ Overworlding ’ , cited from manuscript ) .
as ania loomba puts it , in relation to colonialist studies , ‘ the neglect of histories surrounding native insubordination either devalues or romanticises the latter , or worse , tends to read colonised subjects through linguistic or psychoanalytic theories which , for some of us at least , [stay] suspiciously and problematically shot through with ethnocentric assumptions whose transfer to all subalterns is unacceptable ’ ( ‘ overworlding ’ , cited from manuscript ) .

In more recent times the behaviour of British governments has been more restrained and more sophisticated , but their instincts and suspicions remain .
in more recent times the behaviour of british governments has been more restrained and more sophisticated , but their instincts and suspicions [stay] .

Previous studies have repeatedly drawn attention to the fact that voters , particularly those who read lowbrow tabloids , tend to believe the news on television but remain sceptical about what they read in the press ( see , for example , Negrine , 1989 , p. 3 ) .
previous studies have repeatedly drawn attention to the fact that voters , particularly those who read lowbrow tabloids , tend to believe the news on television but [stay] sceptical about what they read in the press ( see , for example , negrine , 1989 , p. 3 ) .

As the city state continues to develop , private ownership becomes more and more concentrated in the hands of some of the citizens , but the division this give rise to does not lead to the formation of classes among the freemen because they remain united against the slaves .
as the city state continues to develop , private ownership becomes more and more concentrated in the hands of some of the citizens , but the division this give rise to does not lead to the formation of classes among the freemen because they [stay] united against the slaves .

Even the references to classical antiquity and feudalism remain vague and unspecific , although it is clear that , unlike their discussion of tribal society , these are based on much greater knowledge , obtained largely from the classical education they both shared .
even the references to classical antiquity and feudalism [stay] vague and unspecific , although it is clear that , unlike their discussion of tribal society , these are based on much greater knowledge , obtained largely from the classical education they both shared .

The third part of Engels 's discussion explains why , in spite of the presence of the State in medieval Europe , some islands of communal organization could and did remain .
the third part of engels 's discussion explains why , in spite of the presence of the state in medieval europe , some islands of communal organization could and did [stay] .

Overall most anthropologists would probably see indirect connection between all the factors which Engels considered , but these interrelations must remain much more problematic and ambiguous than they might seem at first , and the general conclusions which Engels sought in the work of Morgan are not possible .
overall most anthropologists would probably see indirect connection between all the factors which engels considered , but these interrelations must [stay] much more problematic and ambiguous than they might seem at first , and the general conclusions which engels sought in the work of morgan are not possible .

If Marx 's and Engels 's hypothesis concerning the origin of the State must remain questionable , their theory seems more important for understanding the way existing states actually work .
if marx 's and engels 's hypothesis concerning the origin of the state must [stay] questionable , their theory seems more important for understanding the way existing states actually work .

‘ If we remain in unity for three months then we will win the battle , ’ said Mr Bisztyga at a briefing before yesterday 's Central Committee plenum .
‘ if we [stay] in unity for three months then we will win the battle , ’ said mr bisztyga at a briefing before yesterday 's central committee plenum .

Meanwhile , American troops ( 12,000 of them at present ) remain to protect the waterway and American lives .
meanwhile , american troops ( 12,000 of them at present ) [stay] to protect the waterway and american lives .

As Mason , the British heavyweight champion , has been brought forward along similar lines , his career nourished mainly by opponents who showed little inclination to remain upright , it should be clear that Biggs is thought to represent an ideal opportunity for advancement .
as mason , the british heavyweight champion , has been brought forward along similar lines , his career nourished mainly by opponents who showed little inclination to [stay] upright , it should be clear that biggs is thought to represent an ideal opportunity for advancement .

There remain doubts about Mason 's stamina but encouraged by greater attention since Bruno 's career was put on hold , he is fitter than at any other time in his career and is undoubtably the heavier puncher .
there [stay] doubts about mason 's stamina but encouraged by greater attention since bruno 's career was put on hold , he is fitter than at any other time in his career and is undoubtably the heavier puncher .

On Sunday West Germany had complained about the police presence around its embassy , and the slackening of restrictions is thought to have reflected an apparent Czechoslovak desire to remain as far as possible on good terms with both Germanies .
on sunday west germany had complained about the police presence around its embassy , and the slackening of restrictions is thought to have reflected an apparent czechoslovak desire to [stay] as far as possible on good terms with both germanies .

The proposal also included an offer to reduce the price of supplies in real terms over the first five years and a pledge that during the contract period prices would remain ‘ within the general movement of prices in the economy ’ .
the proposal also included an offer to reduce the price of supplies in real terms over the first five years and a pledge that during the contract period prices would [stay] ‘ within the general movement of prices in the economy ’ .

George Sutherland , chairman of the Scottish White Fish Producers Association , said skippers could not afford to remain in harbour , and would have to continue fishing .
george sutherland , chairman of the scottish white fish producers association , said skippers could not afford to [stay] in harbour , and would have to continue fishing .

Two goals remain — a state visit to Britain ( little hope there , but a visit by some crowned head to East Germany remains a burning ambition ) , and to the President of the United States in the White House .
two goals [stay] — a state visit to britain ( little hope there , but a visit by some crowned head to east germany remains a burning ambition ) , and to the president of the united states in the white house .

Sir : Your Outlook Column ( 3 October ) ended with the statement : But the question must remain as to whether a Japanese giant with five times the turnover of the Virgin Group will be content to stay a minority player .
sir : your outlook column ( 3 october ) ended with the statement : but the question must [stay] as to whether a japanese giant with five times the turnover of the virgin group will be content to stay a minority player .

Subba Row , also the chairman of Surrey and a former England and Northamptonshire batsman , will remain a powerful voice but clearly wishes for someone else to take the responsibility for the hazards to come .
subba row , also the chairman of surrey and a former england and northamptonshire batsman , will [stay] a powerful voice but clearly wishes for someone else to take the responsibility for the hazards to come .

In an isolated instance , it seems a sign of inexperience , of trying to include too much ; and certainly the virtues of the film remain theatrical .
in an isolated instance , it seems a sign of inexperience , of trying to include too much ; and certainly the virtues of the film [stay] theatrical .

This is a generation for whom the war years remain vivid and the Empire had real meaning .
this is a generation for whom the war years [stay] vivid and the empire had real meaning .

The pay zone will , for the time being , remain the same .
the pay zone will , for the time being , [stay] the same .

some residual contamination may remain in the soil owing to concentrations which do not induce microbial degradation ;
some residual contamination may [stay] in the soil owing to concentrations which do not induce microbial degradation ;

With these riches of computer power at their fingertips , it still rankles with the quantum fraternity that the molecules which they can accurately subject to quantum description remain at only 2–20 electron systems .
with these riches of computer power at their fingertips , it still rankles with the quantum fraternity that the molecules which they can accurately subject to quantum description [stay] at only 2–20 electron systems .

The excess will remain in the buyer 's warehouse for quite some time , tying up his capital and his storage space . After time , he will still be facing the same problem : what to do with the remainder of the material ?
the excess will [stay] in the buyer 's warehouse for quite some time , tying up his capital and his storage space . after time , he will still be facing the same problem : what to do with the remainder of the material ?

They are a lovey-dovey couple , much given , for reasons that remain obscure , to roguishly gagging each other with bits of masking tape , but tension sets in with the arrival of Clara 's best friend Lillibet from America .
they are a lovey-dovey couple , much given , for reasons that [stay] obscure , to roguishly gagging each other with bits of masking tape , but tension sets in with the arrival of clara 's best friend lillibet from america .

The General Herborising was also conducted by the Demonstrator who led his more expert colleagues further afield , sometimes to the coast where they would remain for a couple of days or more .
the general herborising was also conducted by the demonstrator who led his more expert colleagues further afield , sometimes to the coast where they would [stay] for a couple of days or more .

The Professor appeared impressed and asked Linnaeus to remain at Oxford and share his stipend .
the professor appeared impressed and asked linnaeus to [stay] at oxford and share his stipend .

These were the first volumes to be received by the library from overseas and it is significant to note that after two centuries many of the original books remain on the shelves and Miller 's Dictionary is still is use .
these were the first volumes to be received by the library from overseas and it is significant to note that after two centuries many of the original books [stay] on the shelves and miller 's dictionary is still is use .

The specimens you were so good as to send to me by Captain Lyon would have been a treasure had they arrived safe ; but his ship was taken by the French , so those were all lost , which is a great misfortune at this time , when they would have been of great service to me , in ascertaining the names of some plants which remain doubtful .
the specimens you were so good as to send to me by captain lyon would have been a treasure had they arrived safe ; but his ship was taken by the french , so those were all lost , which is a great misfortune at this time , when they would have been of great service to me , in ascertaining the names of some plants which [stay] doubtful .

They remain botanically important because some were cited by Linnaeus and other botanists and because they graphically record plants in cultivation at that time .
they [stay] botanically important because some were cited by linnaeus and other botanists and because they graphically record plants in cultivation at that time .

Although Terminal courses would probably remain as the bulk of provision — ‘ the breadth of the base of the movement amongst ordinary folk ’ — ‘ the Tutorial Class must be the demonstration that real understanding , whatever the purpose , requires sustained effort ; and a significant expansion of activity at this level is the true index of a significant expansion of a genuinely informed public .
although terminal courses would probably [stay] as the bulk of provision — ‘ the breadth of the base of the movement amongst ordinary folk ’ — ‘ the tutorial class must be the demonstration that real understanding , whatever the purpose , requires sustained effort ; and a significant expansion of activity at this level is the true index of a significant expansion of a genuinely informed public .

If remnants of the white middle class remain in them , they are generally tracked separately and have little contact with their poorer peers .
if remnants of the white middle class [stay] in them , they are generally tracked separately and have little contact with their poorer peers .

Improving the morale of the area and finding out how best , in areas of marginal economics , to encourage young people to remain and work in the area after completing their education .
improving the morale of the area and finding out how best , in areas of marginal economics , to encourage young people to [stay] and work in the area after completing their education .

When Richard Baxter returned to the court in June for the sentence , he was fined five hundred Marks and ordered to remain in prison until he paid .
when richard baxter returned to the court in june for the sentence , he was fined five hundred marks and ordered to [stay] in prison until he paid .

Although the United States of America continued to remain neutral , their relationship with Britain became further enhanced by Winston Churchill being Prime Minister , as his mother had been an American citizen , and Churchill was able , in September 1940 , to bargain successfully to obtain fifty destroyer-class ships with which to combat the German naval forces — mainly submarine boats — which were endeavouring to blockade sea borne supplies reaching Britain .
although the united states of america continued to [stay] neutral , their relationship with britain became further enhanced by winston churchill being prime minister , as his mother had been an american citizen , and churchill was able , in september 1940 , to bargain successfully to obtain fifty destroyer-class ships with which to combat the german naval forces — mainly submarine boats — which were endeavouring to blockade sea borne supplies reaching britain .

The weather dictated that stock must remain indoors for very long periods .
the weather dictated that stock must [stay] indoors for very long periods .

To the end , to the end , they remain .
to the end , to the end , they [stay] .

The 23rd successive rise pushed the jobless total up to 2,652,000 or 9.4 per cent of the workforce in March and dole queues remain at their longest since September , 1987 .
the 23rd successive rise pushed the jobless total up to 2,652,000 or 9.4 per cent of the workforce in march and dole queues [stay] at their longest since september , 1987 .

Mr Horton warned shareholders that there was no sign of immediate improvement in the business and said that oil prices could remain flat ‘ for some time . ’
mr horton warned shareholders that there was no sign of immediate improvement in the business and said that oil prices could [stay] flat ‘ for some time . ’

Positive test results and favourable feedback might be sufficient evaluation criteria outside of the Criminal Justice System but reconviction rates for probation practice must remain the acid test .
positive test results and favourable feedback might be sufficient evaluation criteria outside of the criminal justice system but reconviction rates for probation practice must [stay] the acid test .

People in residential homes remain under the care of general practitioners .
people in residential homes [stay] under the care of general practitioners .

An increase in primary , and especially in agricultural production , will remain the basis of rural economic regeneration .
an increase in primary , and especially in agricultural production , will [stay] the basis of rural economic regeneration .

If populations are to remain in the disadvantaged areas , and if the economy is to be diversified then the relationship between part-time farming and other complementary economic activities must be recognised in policy and fiscal terms .
if populations are to [stay] in the disadvantaged areas , and if the economy is to be diversified then the relationship between part-time farming and other complementary economic activities must be recognised in policy and fiscal terms .

The solvent is activated by water and will remain harmless unless moisture levels build up .
the solvent is activated by water and will [stay] harmless unless moisture levels build up .

If there are any shortcomings , these will remain indefinitely and show up sooner or later .
if there are any shortcomings , these will [stay] indefinitely and show up sooner or later .

Jockey plans remain fluid , to say the least , for the first two Classics , but Sangster , like his Manton trainer , is quite relaxed .
jockey plans [stay] fluid , to say the least , for the first two classics , but sangster , like his manton trainer , is quite relaxed .

Services for people with learning disabilities remain almost as unsatisfactory as in other fields of social care ( Wistow , 1985 ) , and the best way to use social work skills is still a matter for debate .
services for people with learning disabilities [stay] almost as unsatisfactory as in other fields of social care ( wistow , 1985 ) , and the best way to use social work skills is still a matter for debate .

Criteria were divided between two types : primary ( child care ) criteria which concentrated on assessing familial circumstances likely to pertain if a child were to remain at home ; and secondary ( disclosure ) criteria which either substantiated or refuted children 's and young people 's disclosures .
criteria were divided between two types : primary ( child care ) criteria which concentrated on assessing familial circumstances likely to pertain if a child were to [stay] at home ; and secondary ( disclosure ) criteria which either substantiated or refuted children 's and young people 's disclosures .

Although the dimensions remain the same , the questions are adapted to suit the age of the child , and can easily be changed to incorporate new insights or research findings .
although the dimensions [stay] the same , the questions are adapted to suit the age of the child , and can easily be changed to incorporate new insights or research findings .

All but one of the most successful young people planned to remain with relatives , natural parents or foster carers after the local authority withdrew its support .
all but one of the most successful young people planned to [stay] with relatives , natural parents or foster carers after the local authority withdrew its support .

It was the military custom of the Franks to gather the army in spring , and to remain active for three to six months .
it was the military custom of the franks to gather the army in spring , and to [stay] active for three to six months .

Many Saxons were baptised and swore oaths to remain loyal , on threat of forfeiture of their lands and freedom .
many saxons were baptised and swore oaths to [stay] loyal , on threat of forfeiture of their lands and freedom .

In showing off their agility in a Force 2 , they learn what not to do to remain upright in a Force 5+ .
in showing off their agility in a force 2 , they learn what not to do to [stay] upright in a force 5+ .

They should remain roughly parallel to the sail , hence their angle will depend on your course of sailing .
they should [stay] roughly parallel to the sail , hence their angle will depend on your course of sailing .

All the weight is on the right foot , using well-bent knees that enable the upper body to remain in a stable upright position .
all the weight is on the right foot , using well-bent knees that enable the upper body to [stay] in a stable upright position .

Notice how the shoulders and arms remain stationary , thus keeping the rig still .
notice how the shoulders and arms [stay] stationary , thus keeping the rig still .

The steel industry will remain the major coal consumer but growth will be the greatest in thermal coal for electricity generation , with coal meeting about a quarter of requirements by the year 2000 .
the steel industry will [stay] the major coal consumer but growth will be the greatest in thermal coal for electricity generation , with coal meeting about a quarter of requirements by the year 2000 .

Despite switching to other fuels , oil will remain Japan 's major energy source for the rest of this century .
despite switching to other fuels , oil will [stay] japan 's major energy source for the rest of this century .

Coal dominated the Chinese energy economy in 1983 accounting for nearly 80 % of consumption and coal will remain China 's energy staple .
coal dominated the chinese energy economy in 1983 accounting for nearly 80 % of consumption and coal will [stay] china 's energy staple .

Thus the imperatives for Europe are and will remain , to lower oil dependence , to achieve a better balanced diversity of supplies , to make the most of indigenous supplies where they are economical and to continue the drive to greater energy efficiency .
thus the imperatives for europe are and will [stay] , to lower oil dependence , to achieve a better balanced diversity of supplies , to make the most of indigenous supplies where they are economical and to continue the drive to greater energy efficiency .

Coal will remain a relatively small contributor however at under 10 % .
coal will [stay] a relatively small contributor however at under 10 % .

Oil will remain the major fuel but the most significant growth will be in gas consumption as more use is made of what has traditionally been a vastly abundant and wasted fuel .
oil will [stay] the major fuel but the most significant growth will be in gas consumption as more use is made of what has traditionally been a vastly abundant and wasted fuel .

Energy conservation is and should remain the fifth fuel .
energy conservation is and should [stay] the fifth fuel .

In conclusion , though there is no denying the seriousness of the problem , many questions still remain unanswered .
in conclusion , though there is no denying the seriousness of the problem , many questions still [stay] unanswered .

Synfuel production will remain concentrated in a relatively small number of countries .
synfuel production will [stay] concentrated in a relatively small number of countries .

They aim to make it possible for those opposed to remain in the Church and be able to operate .
they aim to make it possible for those opposed to [stay] in the church and be able to operate .

It does not inspire Gedge on a lyrical level but Solowka and himself have maintained many of their earlier convictions , although they remain fairly concealed .
it does not inspire gedge on a lyrical level but solowka and himself have maintained many of their earlier convictions , although they [stay] fairly concealed .

For his part , Charman felt his arguments were extremely valid and was desperate for the group to remain loyal to their independent ideology , regardless of practicalities .
for his part , charman felt his arguments were extremely valid and was desperate for the group to [stay] loyal to their independent ideology , regardless of practicalities .

Equally , women like Susannah and Andrea have chosen to continue their work in the grant-aided sector but at some point that option may no longer remain open to them .
equally , women like susannah and andrea have chosen to continue their work in the grant-aided sector but at some point that option may no longer [stay] open to them .

These concerns must be recognised as specific , which does n't mean that semiotics or Lacanian film theory has no relevance outside the established framework of Anglo-American and European cinema , but rather that their legitimacy should not automatically be assumed or their dominance remain uncontested in the light of developments within feminism at large .
these concerns must be recognised as specific , which does n't mean that semiotics or lacanian film theory has no relevance outside the established framework of anglo-american and european cinema , but rather that their legitimacy should not automatically be assumed or their dominance [stay] uncontested in the light of developments within feminism at large .

Although at the end of Bair 's lengthy work a number of contradictions and conflicts do remain , this is nevertheless a meticulously researched study which provides many insights into de Beauvoir 's world .
although at the end of bair 's lengthy work a number of contradictions and conflicts do [stay] , this is nevertheless a meticulously researched study which provides many insights into de beauvoir 's world .

The contradictions that remain are challenging — not only with respect to de Beauvoir 's life but also in relation to our own lives .
the contradictions that [stay] are challenging — not only with respect to de beauvoir 's life but also in relation to our own lives .

The Dallas Cowboys , who were beaten by Green Bay , and the Detroit Lions , who lost to the Minnesota Vikings , remain without a win .
the dallas cowboys , who were beaten by green bay , and the detroit lions , who lost to the minnesota vikings , [stay] without a win .

Skipper Patrick Tabarly , brother of Eric , was yesterday trying to enlist the help of the French Embassy in Montevideo in the hope of preventing his yacht being impounded should the bills remain unpaid .
skipper patrick tabarly , brother of eric , was yesterday trying to enlist the help of the french embassy in montevideo in the hope of preventing his yacht being impounded should the bills [stay] unpaid .

Only in the language — spoken with clarity throughout , especially by Simon Tyrrell as Macbeth , and Peter Granger-Taylor as Ross — does any slight consolation remain .
only in the language — spoken with clarity throughout , especially by simon tyrrell as macbeth , and peter granger-taylor as ross — does any slight consolation [stay] .

An article in the Jewish Chronicle last year , in which Wesker wrote that all he wanted was enough money to give the play a chance to be seen in London led to a benefactor , who wishes to remain anonymous , phoning him up and offering to underwrite the venture to the tune of £13,500 .
an article in the jewish chronicle last year , in which wesker wrote that all he wanted was enough money to give the play a chance to be seen in london led to a benefactor , who wishes to [stay] anonymous , phoning him up and offering to underwrite the venture to the tune of £13,500 .

Fortunately for us , and unlike Los Angeles , we already have the basis of a high-quality rail system — the huge network of lines laid down by our Victorian forefathers , many of which remain grossly under-utilised in a rapid transit context .
fortunately for us , and unlike los angeles , we already have the basis of a high-quality rail system — the huge network of lines laid down by our victorian forefathers , many of which [stay] grossly under-utilised in a rapid transit context .

Sir : In her article ( 'The child as a piece of disposable property ' , 2 October ) , Sue Wells argues for a change in adoption law so as to bring it nearer an open adoption system , whereby adopted children remain in contact with birth parents .
sir : in her article ( 'the child as a piece of disposable property ' , 2 october ) , sue wells argues for a change in adoption law so as to bring it nearer an open adoption system , whereby adopted children [stay] in contact with birth parents .

Parisians remain unconvinced that the project will be approved , especially since it is not the only idea on the drawing board .
parisians [stay] unconvinced that the project will be approved , especially since it is not the only idea on the drawing board .

Popular attitudes in the German Democratic Republic remain full of contradictions , however .
popular attitudes in the german democratic republic [stay] full of contradictions , however .

They remain publications predominantly loved by the middle-aged , elderly and Conservative politicians .
they [stay] publications predominantly loved by the middle-aged , elderly and conservative politicians .

News and current affairs will remain a no-go zone for sponsors .
news and current affairs will [stay] a no-go zone for sponsors .

More moderate temperaments , to whom the patterning seemed a sort of death in the first place , are apt to remain stubbornly cheerful .
more moderate temperaments , to whom the patterning seemed a sort of death in the first place , are apt to [stay] stubbornly cheerful .

Likewise , though a loyal supporter of the societies of which he was a valued member , he managed to remain detached from any of the inevitable petty politics .
likewise , though a loyal supporter of the societies of which he was a valued member , he managed to [stay] detached from any of the inevitable petty politics .

At Dagenham it will remain static .
at dagenham it will [stay] static .

Its most notable musical directors — Von Bulow , Richard Strauss ( though primarily a composer ) , Nikisch , Furtwangler and Karajan — remain models on which subsequent conductors have based themselves .
its most notable musical directors — von bulow , richard strauss ( though primarily a composer ) , nikisch , furtwangler and karajan — [stay] models on which subsequent conductors have based themselves .

Three countries — Denmark , Ireland and Belgium — meanwhile indicated yesterday that they remain opposed to another key element , which forsees the abolition of all limits on tax-paid goods that can be carried across borders by private travellers .
three countries — denmark , ireland and belgium — meanwhile indicated yesterday that they [stay] opposed to another key element , which forsees the abolition of all limits on tax-paid goods that can be carried across borders by private travellers .

Thus while Dr Higgs continues her exile , both public and professional issues here remain unresolved .
thus while dr higgs continues her exile , both public and professional issues here [stay] unresolved .

Remain in their rival sectarian ghettos ?
[stay] in their rival sectarian ghettos ?

If Labour 's boycott of the province continues , the one certainty is that politics will remain a question of Protestants versus Catholics .
if labour 's boycott of the province continues , the one certainty is that politics will [stay] a question of protestants versus catholics .

And if they are serious about securing Irish unity , they should also explain how they envisage it coming about while the sectarian political blocs remain unchallenged .
and if they are serious about securing irish unity , they should also explain how they envisage it coming about while the sectarian political blocs [stay] unchallenged .

Above all , the Labour Party should abandon its current stance on Northern Ireland if it wants to remain true to the principles of its founders .
above all , the labour party should abandon its current stance on northern ireland if it wants to [stay] true to the principles of its founders .

The terrorist might say that he gave sufficient warning of the bomb for the area to be cleared , and that it was unforeseeable that a deaf person should remain on the premises and be killed in the explosion , which was intended only to cause damage .
the terrorist might say that he gave sufficient warning of the bomb for the area to be cleared , and that it was unforeseeable that a deaf person should [stay] on the premises and be killed in the explosion , which was intended only to cause damage .

The issue here is whether provocation should remain a qualified defence to murder , and , if so , how far it should extend .
the issue here is whether provocation should [stay] a qualified defence to murder , and , if so , how far it should extend .

There might appear to be an argument in favour of consistency here , but it is surely eclipsed by the need to recognize that many children remain dependent on their parents until they are at least 18 .
there might appear to be an argument in favour of consistency here , but it is surely eclipsed by the need to recognize that many children [stay] dependent on their parents until they are at least 18 .

He chooses to remain inscrutable .
he chooses to [stay] inscrutable .

No wonder they place some of it in a jar to be kept as one of their holiest objects , a sign for future generations of the extent of God 's grace ( no doubt that manna will remain fresh for ever : yet more miracle ! )
no wonder they place some of it in a jar to be kept as one of their holiest objects , a sign for future generations of the extent of god 's grace ( no doubt that manna will [stay] fresh for ever : yet more miracle ! )

Here , though it is not true that they have no food , for they still have their daily supplies of the ‘ worthless ’ manna , they remain without water , and , manna or no manna , death would seem to stare them in the face .
here , though it is not true that they have no food , for they still have their daily supplies of the ‘ worthless ’ manna , they [stay] without water , and , manna or no manna , death would seem to stare them in the face .

We might say it is galling for people to hear such things when they have been told they will die in the wilderness , but at least the promises of God remain very much in force for their children .
we might say it is galling for people to hear such things when they have been told they will die in the wilderness , but at least the promises of god [stay] very much in force for their children .

Norma Jean Baker , her name , her face , her life altered by exploitation and cosmetic surgery , stood on too little solid ground to remain certain of her own identity behind the camera 's image and two years later , at thirty-six , she was dead .
norma jean baker , her name , her face , her life altered by exploitation and cosmetic surgery , stood on too little solid ground to [stay] certain of her own identity behind the camera 's image and two years later , at thirty-six , she was dead .

Sandy , a gentle white Jack Russell , preferred to remain snuggled in the lap of her owner , Makala Burnett .
sandy , a gentle white jack russell , preferred to [stay] snuggled in the lap of her owner , makala burnett .

Her companions did not always remain seated .
her companions did not always [stay] seated .

Accountants are also investigating book-keeping practices which allowed the deficit to remain undiscovered .
accountants are also investigating book-keeping practices which allowed the deficit to [stay] undiscovered .

The heavy clutch and cumbersome gear change remain the worst feature .
the heavy clutch and cumbersome gear change [stay] the worst feature .

Assuming sows and gilts remain in the service house until after the point of first return then there is a total requirement of 14 paddocks each containing two huts capable of holding eight to nine sows each .
assuming sows and gilts [stay] in the service house until after the point of first return then there is a total requirement of 14 paddocks each containing two huts capable of holding eight to nine sows each .

Cars , cameras , motorbikes and hi-fis may be getting to the stage where only the keenest enthusiast can tell them apart , but tractors remain mercifully different from each other .
cars , cameras , motorbikes and hi-fis may be getting to the stage where only the keenest enthusiast can tell them apart , but tractors [stay] mercifully different from each other .

It is surprisingly hardy , and a late sowing grown under cover will remain green most winters .
it is surprisingly hardy , and a late sowing grown under cover will [stay] green most winters .

Its sunless position is intentional , for in the summer months its purpose is to remain cool and in the winter it is kept warm by its thick coat of thatch .
its sunless position is intentional , for in the summer months its purpose is to [stay] cool and in the winter it is kept warm by its thick coat of thatch .

Striking black seed pods will remain closed if glycerined .
striking black seed pods will [stay] closed if glycerined .

Emily 's voice was quiet and measured , as though she were making an effort to remain calm .
emily 's voice was quiet and measured , as though she were making an effort to [stay] calm .

Sometimes the image would only remain a few seconds .
sometimes the image would only [stay] a few seconds .

He felt half excited , half afraid , as though he were delving into a hidden world ; a world which preferred to remain undiscovered ; which might go to any lengths to protect its secrets .
he felt half excited , half afraid , as though he were delving into a hidden world ; a world which preferred to [stay] undiscovered ; which might go to any lengths to protect its secrets .

For some reason he found himself wondering whether it would penetrate to the forest floor , or would the ground-cover of pine needles remain dry and fragrant ?
for some reason he found himself wondering whether it would penetrate to the forest floor , or would the ground-cover of pine needles [stay] dry and fragrant ?

Yet many questions remain .
yet many questions [stay] .

Although the two main explanations of Labour 's growth will remain irreconcilables , the fact remains that the Labour Party did emerge to become the second party in the political system by 1922 , and a party of government by 1924 .
although the two main explanations of labour 's growth will [stay] irreconcilables , the fact remains that the labour party did emerge to become the second party in the political system by 1922 , and a party of government by 1924 .

Unemployment had continued to remain at more than one million , despite the fact that Britain had returned to the gold standard and free trade in 1925 — actions which , it was suggested , would revive world trade and reduce unemployment .
unemployment had continued to [stay] at more than one million , despite the fact that britain had returned to the gold standard and free trade in 1925 — actions which , it was suggested , would revive world trade and reduce unemployment .

The message was clear , the Conservative Party would have to broaden its policies in order to attract the newly enfranchised working-class voter and remain in power .
the message was clear , the conservative party would have to broaden its policies in order to attract the newly enfranchised working-class voter and [stay] in power .

It is clearly dangerous to be too sweeping about the type of support which fascism received , for the evidence is far too diffuse and fragmentary , but it would be fair to accept Wal Hannington 's point that the allegiance to the trade unions and the Labour Party prevented the working class and the unemployed being attracted to fascism though he felt that , ‘ Every locality where the unemployed remain unorganized is a potential breeding-ground for this country , just as it was in Germany .
it is clearly dangerous to be too sweeping about the type of support which fascism received , for the evidence is far too diffuse and fragmentary , but it would be fair to accept wal hannington 's point that the allegiance to the trade unions and the labour party prevented the working class and the unemployed being attracted to fascism though he felt that , ‘ every locality where the unemployed [stay] unorganized is a potential breeding-ground for this country , just as it was in germany .

Your daffodils seem to be suffering from the problem known as ‘ blindness ’ , that is they produce foliage but even when they do produce buds these remain small and dry out before opening up .
your daffodils seem to be suffering from the problem known as ‘ blindness ’ , that is they produce foliage but even when they do produce buds these [stay] small and dry out before opening up .

She dismissed Frankie with a withering stare that warned him to remain silent .
she dismissed frankie with a withering stare that warned him to [stay] silent .

Her chair was empty and would remain empty until he left the company .
her chair was empty and would [stay] empty until he left the company .

The electric typewriter was covered by its hood and would remain covered while he was still there .
the electric typewriter was covered by its hood and would [stay] covered while he was still there .

‘ Children in heaven do not advance beyond early manhood , but remain in that state of eternity ’
‘ children in heaven do not advance beyond early manhood , but [stay] in that state of eternity ’

There was , of course , a mortuary chapel — indeed Kensal Green had two chapels , so that Anglicans and Dissenters , even in death , could remain segregated ; but the dead had become divorced from the Christian communities to which they had once belonged .
there was , of course , a mortuary chapel — indeed kensal green had two chapels , so that anglicans and dissenters , even in death , could [stay] segregated ; but the dead had become divorced from the christian communities to which they had once belonged .

For example , the most commonly preserved sample types occurring on British sites are bone , shell and charcoal , but on some sites — or in other areas of the world — a different range of materials might remain .
for example , the most commonly preserved sample types occurring on british sites are bone , shell and charcoal , but on some sites — or in other areas of the world — a different range of materials might [stay] .

After a site has been filled in again only artefacts , notebooks and the photographic record remain to aid the archaeologist in the long post-excavation period when he or she has to decide what it all meant , and publish details of what was found .
after a site has been filled in again only artefacts , notebooks and the photographic record [stay] to aid the archaeologist in the long post-excavation period when he or she has to decide what it all meant , and publish details of what was found .

The role of documentation and the devices for handling information in a museum context often remain hidden to visitors , who are nonetheless bombarded with information from the moment they enter any large museum or art gallery — in the form of signs indicating the way to the cafeteria , ground-plans of the premises , or , more obviously , labels and information panels associated with the gallery displays .
the role of documentation and the devices for handling information in a museum context often [stay] hidden to visitors , who are nonetheless bombarded with information from the moment they enter any large museum or art gallery — in the form of signs indicating the way to the cafeteria , ground-plans of the premises , or , more obviously , labels and information panels associated with the gallery displays .

The enhancement of records into research tools must remain secondary if the primary objective is producing an inventory .
the enhancement of records into research tools must [stay] secondary if the primary objective is producing an inventory .

The fragments that remain take the form of the ceremony of the Churching of Women after childbirth , that is , that after forty days of confinement , the woman goes to church for a ritual to mark her return to the community .
the fragments that [stay] take the form of the ceremony of the churching of women after childbirth , that is , that after forty days of confinement , the woman goes to church for a ritual to mark her return to the community .

Even under the weight of negative male definitions of female bodily processes , there remain hints of its positive aspects for women .
even under the weight of negative male definitions of female bodily processes , there [stay] hints of its positive aspects for women .

Healing from incest violation , from rape and from wife battering name female experiences of violence that remain unmentionable in patriarchal religion .
healing from incest violation , from rape and from wife battering name female experiences of violence that [stay] unmentionable in patriarchal religion .

Four that were known and recorded have been lost and five remain .
four that were known and recorded have been lost and five [stay] .

There were four galleries here , of which two remain .
there were four galleries here , of which two [stay] .

The ancient Forest of Naddle , with deciduous trees , is one of the few areas which remain to show the natural tree growth of the region .
the ancient forest of naddle , with deciduous trees , is one of the few areas which [stay] to show the natural tree growth of the region .

Her work could then remain perfectly complete , unmarred by the unpredictable results of its emergence into the public world .
her work could then [stay] perfectly complete , unmarred by the unpredictable results of its emergence into the public world .

‘ If it is absolute , then the occluded particle must remain invisible . ’
‘ if it is absolute , then the occluded particle must [stay] invisible . ’

The Jews remain .
the jews [stay] .

Ludens had , as he had told Franca , booked himself into a local pub , whose existence he had discovered by telephoning the village post office , and was quietly determined to remain there indefinitely .
ludens had , as he had told franca , booked himself into a local pub , whose existence he had discovered by telephoning the village post office , and was quietly determined to [stay] there indefinitely .

They will remain fundamental to our concern , and a basic issue to which we shall return at the end .
they will [stay] fundamental to our concern , and a basic issue to which we shall return at the end .

The proportion in work had begun to fall , however , and from the 1930s dropped rapidly : according to official figures , today in England a mere 7 per cent of men over 65 remain employed .
the proportion in work had begun to fall , however , and from the 1930s dropped rapidly : according to official figures , today in england a mere 7 per cent of men over 65 [stay] employed .

After washing sufficient numbers may remain on the hands to cause harm and the skin may become recontaminated from taps , the towel dispenser and the exit door of the washroom .
after washing sufficient numbers may [stay] on the hands to cause harm and the skin may become recontaminated from taps , the towel dispenser and the exit door of the washroom .

Once a surface is disinfected it tends to remain so until used .
once a surface is disinfected it tends to [stay] so until used .

Despite many attempts to provide alternatives they remain however the most effective way of restoring dull finishes particularly on aluminium utensils .
despite many attempts to provide alternatives they [stay] however the most effective way of restoring dull finishes particularly on aluminium utensils .

The batch loader is a single cabinet in which items remain stationery while spray bars direct solution over them at pressures around 5 psi .
the batch loader is a single cabinet in which items [stay] stationery while spray bars direct solution over them at pressures around 5 psi .

In this way budgets remain the servants not the masters .
in this way budgets [stay] the servants not the masters .

However , certain aspects of maintenance research for eroded areas remain characteristically neglected .
however , certain aspects of maintenance research for eroded areas [stay] characteristically neglected .

Usually agricultural technology is closely linked to that of industrial technology and is constantly innovating as private farms strive to remain competitive .
usually agricultural technology is closely linked to that of industrial technology and is constantly innovating as private farms strive to [stay] competitive .

However , if farms remain profitable , yield-increasing technologies tend to mask the effect of soil degradation and erosion and make up for declines in fertility that would have occurred if land had been cultivated with a constant level of technology .
however , if farms [stay] profitable , yield-increasing technologies tend to mask the effect of soil degradation and erosion and make up for declines in fertility that would have occurred if land had been cultivated with a constant level of technology .

Politicians are reluctant to popularise or enforce measures against which many campaigned prior to Independence and ‘ the majority of farmers remain unaware of the causes of erosion and unconvinced of the need for or value of conservation measures ’ ( ibid .
politicians are reluctant to popularise or enforce measures against which many campaigned prior to independence and ‘ the majority of farmers [stay] unaware of the causes of erosion and unconvinced of the need for or value of conservation measures ’ ( ibid .

However , these ‘ social factors ’ are not subjected to the same systematic analysis as the technical ones , and they remain unconnected , irksome and somehow immovable under prevailing analytical frameworks .
however , these ‘ social factors ’ are not subjected to the same systematic analysis as the technical ones , and they [stay] unconnected , irksome and somehow immovable under prevailing analytical frameworks .

Still , many of the most fundamental ‘ social factors ’ behind the conceptualisation of the causes of soil erosion and the role of government have still not been analysed coherently , and remain at best labelled and hidden in a number of black boxes .
still , many of the most fundamental ‘ social factors ’ behind the conceptualisation of the causes of soil erosion and the role of government have still not been analysed coherently , and [stay] at best labelled and hidden in a number of black boxes .

Communal overexploitation was averted first because of inter-personal face-to-face relationships involved in the design and implementation of forest preservation by a small community where enforcement and the meting out of punishments was a matter for the forest users themselves ; second , because of the existence of a special interest group ( carpenters ) ; and third , the shared and fierce desire of the people to remain as independent of outside influence and control as possible ( p. 434 ) .
communal overexploitation was averted first because of inter-personal face-to-face relationships involved in the design and implementation of forest preservation by a small community where enforcement and the meting out of punishments was a matter for the forest users themselves ; second , because of the existence of a special interest group ( carpenters ) ; and third , the shared and fierce desire of the people to [stay] as independent of outside influence and control as possible ( p. 434 ) .

At the most analytically simple , the difficulties remain as unexplored discrete entities or black boxes , which then have to be removed or steered round in the formulation of a conservation project or policy .
at the most analytically simple , the difficulties [stay] as unexplored discrete entities or black boxes , which then have to be removed or steered round in the formulation of a conservation project or policy .

Some of these documents remain not only as important records of passed time but as superb images in their own right .
some of these documents [stay] not only as important records of passed time but as superb images in their own right .

The palace was only made into an art gallery in 1950 and some of the original plasterwork and frescos remain in the interior , the frescos by August Aldorandini and Jan Rudolf Bys .
the palace was only made into an art gallery in 1950 and some of the original plasterwork and frescos [stay] in the interior , the frescos by august aldorandini and jan rudolf bys .

In Lo stadio di Wimbledon , the young researcher is drawn in search of his elusive quarry by the few traces that remain : the occasional photograph ; a few letters and other writings ; the memories of surviving contemporaries .
in lo stadio di wimbledon , the young researcher is drawn in search of his elusive quarry by the few traces that [stay] : the occasional photograph ; a few letters and other writings ; the memories of surviving contemporaries .

Better yet , give him something like a façade , with doors and windows behind which there operates a mystery which the reader-accomplice will have to look for … What the author of this novel might have succeeded in for himself , will be repeated … in the reader-accomplice . As for the female-reader , she will remain with the façade … ( Cortázar 1975 : 408 )
better yet , give him something like a façade , with doors and windows behind which there operates a mystery which the reader-accomplice will have to look for … what the author of this novel might have succeeded in for himself , will be repeated … in the reader-accomplice . as for the female-reader , she will [stay] with the façade … ( cortázar 1975 : 408 )

Despite this short-term hiccup , it is the Henley Centre 's view that prospects for the leisure sector will remain buoyant overall .
despite this short-term hiccup , it is the henley centre 's view that prospects for the leisure sector will [stay] buoyant overall .

The well documented decline in the number of young people means that , while they will remain important consumers of many leisure products and services , they will no longer be so dominant in the leisure market .
the well documented decline in the number of young people means that , while they will [stay] important consumers of many leisure products and services , they will no longer be so dominant in the leisure market .

Over the years , improved material and application technology and testing has facilitated this process , but in the long term the ability to effect repairs will continue to remain an important requirement .
over the years , improved material and application technology and testing has facilitated this process , but in the long term the ability to effect repairs will continue to [stay] an important requirement .

Furthermore , it recognized that because it could not supply such high quality weaponry as the United States , and because communism did not commend itself to most Arab regimes , the Soviet-Arab bond was bound to remain weaker than the American-Israeli one .
furthermore , it recognized that because it could not supply such high quality weaponry as the united states , and because communism did not commend itself to most arab regimes , the soviet-arab bond was bound to [stay] weaker than the american-israeli one .

The soviet Union and the Arab states knew that the United States promised to remain a substantially stronger player in the region .
the soviet union and the arab states knew that the united states promised to [stay] a substantially stronger player in the region .

Furthermore , future international progress towards peace seemed likely to remain contingent on the strength and durability of the Uprising .
furthermore , future international progress towards peace seemed likely to [stay] contingent on the strength and durability of the uprising .

Moreover the situation is likely to remain insecure , since in the longer term nationals of the Gulf countries will be preferred for better paid employment .
moreover the situation is likely to [stay] insecure , since in the longer term nationals of the gulf countries will be preferred for better paid employment .

Like most others who managed to remain — tolerantly and understandingly — friends of Hopper 's , Fonda and Nicholson were well aware that he had suffered disappointment after disappointment during the mid-Sixties .
like most others who managed to [stay] — tolerantly and understandingly — friends of hopper 's , fonda and nicholson were well aware that he had suffered disappointment after disappointment during the mid-sixties .

He seemed to want to try to remain in the underworld while still reaching out for life 's little comforts and luxuries .
he seemed to want to try to [stay] in the underworld while still reaching out for life 's little comforts and luxuries .

Between 1981 and the turn of the century the proportion of the population aged 65+ is expected to remain fairly steady at 15–16 per cent .
between 1981 and the turn of the century the proportion of the population aged 65+ is expected to [stay] fairly steady at 15–16 per cent .

Men of all ages are more likely to remain single than women .
men of all ages are more likely to [stay] single than women .

The most levels of disability remain low until about 70 and then rise quickly .
the most levels of disability [stay] low until about 70 and then rise quickly .

However , if age specific rates of disability remain constant , average levels of disability are likely to rise as a larger proportion of the elderly population reaches extreme old age .
however , if age specific rates of disability [stay] constant , average levels of disability are likely to rise as a larger proportion of the elderly population reaches extreme old age .

The rate is expected to remain at 54 % until the end of the century .
the rate is expected to [stay] at 54 % until the end of the century .

Women 's earnings remain , on average , lower than men 's .
women 's earnings [stay] , on average , lower than men 's .

There is no evidence bearing on this suggestion and the matter must remain unresolved for the time being .
there is no evidence bearing on this suggestion and the matter must [stay] unresolved for the time being .

Two accounts remain viable : the suggestion that pre-exposure allows the formation of a stimulus-no event association ; and the suggestion that within-stimulus associations interfere with new associative learning involving the same stimulus elements .
two accounts [stay] viable : the suggestion that pre-exposure allows the formation of a stimulus-no event association ; and the suggestion that within-stimulus associations interfere with new associative learning involving the same stimulus elements .

Discussion of these various possibilities must remain the merest speculation , however , in the absence of convincing evidence demonstrating competition between associations at retrieval .
discussion of these various possibilities must [stay] the merest speculation , however , in the absence of convincing evidence demonstrating competition between associations at retrieval .

The earlier discussion of the various forms of interference theory left us with two main candidates ( above , p. 116 ) and both still remain possible .
the earlier discussion of the various forms of interference theory left us with two main candidates ( above , p. 116 ) and both still [stay] possible .

The stimuli having undergone differentiation should be , and remain more , discriminable , regardless of the fate of the associations they may have acquired .
the stimuli having undergone differentiation should be , and [stay] more , discriminable , regardless of the fate of the associations they may have acquired .

Canvassing on his behalf appears to have indicated , however , that many MPs would remain loyal to the Prime Minister in a first ballot , switching only in a second when , of course , there might be additional candidates .
canvassing on his behalf appears to have indicated , however , that many mps would [stay] loyal to the prime minister in a first ballot , switching only in a second when , of course , there might be additional candidates .

The term is used to distinguish citizens from ‘ aliens ’ who suffer certain disabilities such as having no right to remain in the country , being liable to be deported in certain circumstances , often not being entitled to vote ( though Commonwealth citizens and citizens of the Republic of Ireland resident in this country do have the vote ) or to receive state benefits .
the term is used to distinguish citizens from ‘ aliens ’ who suffer certain disabilities such as having no right to [stay] in the country , being liable to be deported in certain circumstances , often not being entitled to vote ( though commonwealth citizens and citizens of the republic of ireland resident in this country do have the vote ) or to receive state benefits .

otherwise , the camera should normally remain on the Member speaking until that Member has finished ; during Questions the director should show only the Member asking a Question and the Minister replying ; cut-away shots to show reactions would not normally be allowed , except shots of a member referred to by the Member speaking , and medium-angle shots are permitted to show both the Member who has the floor and another Member seeking to intervene ;
otherwise , the camera should normally [stay] on the member speaking until that member has finished ; during questions the director should show only the member asking a question and the minister replying ; cut-away shots to show reactions would not normally be allowed , except shots of a member referred to by the member speaking , and medium-angle shots are permitted to show both the member who has the floor and another member seeking to intervene ;

In practice , the rules regarding the treatment of incidents of serious disorder remain largely untested , as there were few such occasions during the experiment .
in practice , the rules regarding the treatment of incidents of serious disorder [stay] largely untested , as there were few such occasions during the experiment .

And she believed the whales would remain at Laspi Bay at least for the summer , and had not heard of the widely criticised plans to take them on a travelling display .
and she believed the whales would [stay] at laspi bay at least for the summer , and had not heard of the widely criticised plans to take them on a travelling display .

She will remain on a ventilator for several days and will then require months of surgery and post-operative care .
she will [stay] on a ventilator for several days and will then require months of surgery and post-operative care .

The Liberal Democrats on 20 per cent remain in third place .
the liberal democrats on 20 per cent [stay] in third place .

These eight are the select group of veteran revolutionaries who remain powerful , despite their average age of 84 years .
these eight are the select group of veteran revolutionaries who [stay] powerful , despite their average age of 84 years .

‘ Present society executes her quietly if she does not remain desirable , ’ she writes .
‘ present society executes her quietly if she does not [stay] desirable , ’ she writes .

Cardoun landed the Prix Djebel to remain on course for the 2,000 Guineas for which he is now a 14–1 chance .
cardoun landed the prix djebel to [stay] on course for the 2,000 guineas for which he is now a 14–1 chance .

Then you have to divide them up into those which make slender trees and others which remain as bushes with a fountain-like outline .
then you have to divide them up into those which make slender trees and others which [stay] as bushes with a fountain-like outline .

The crews ' allowance for baggage handling was carved up by the porters : if the crews objected , their baggage would remain in reception .
the crews ' allowance for baggage handling was carved up by the porters : if the crews objected , their baggage would [stay] in reception .

Most vulnerable to competition are the short sea-crossings ; ferry lines operating in the western Channel or North Sea remain sanguine .
most vulnerable to competition are the short sea-crossings ; ferry lines operating in the western channel or north sea [stay] sanguine .

‘ Parts of the old Norman church still remain , ’ Esme explains , ‘ so would have been here in Cadfael 's day The church features in Sanctuary Sparrow and again in Eye Witness , where the blind old Welshman , Rhodri Fychan , begs by the west door .
‘ parts of the old norman church still [stay] , ’ esme explains , ‘ so would have been here in cadfael 's day the church features in sanctuary sparrow and again in eye witness , where the blind old welshman , rhodri fychan , begs by the west door .

After 20 years ' service the almost total entitlement to remain on full pay , albeit suspended from duty , until the age of 65 .
after 20 years ' service the almost total entitlement to [stay] on full pay , albeit suspended from duty , until the age of 65 .

It seems unlikely that the entrepreneurial skills of most managements will be needed in the foreseeable future and in most cases they will not find it comfortable to remain while bankers are calling the tune .
it seems unlikely that the entrepreneurial skills of most managements will be needed in the foreseeable future and in most cases they will not find it comfortable to [stay] while bankers are calling the tune .

Most of its factories remain on short-time working however and prospects for recovery are hampered by the uncertain outlook for a recovery in sales .
most of its factories [stay] on short-time working however and prospects for recovery are hampered by the uncertain outlook for a recovery in sales .

Yet whether lean times or creative instinct drive customers to second-hand shops , they remain a valuable option .
yet whether lean times or creative instinct drive customers to second-hand shops , they [stay] a valuable option .

The recordings remain excellent .
the recordings [stay] excellent .

To say that Miranda on the island and Rosalind in the forest ‘ correspond to the soul of the ducal crown which can not remain with the illegal usurper , but must live in exile with the rightful ruler ’ uses queer and difficult language without helping matters one jot . And by the way , why is a violet a ‘ blood-flower ’ ?
to say that miranda on the island and rosalind in the forest ‘ correspond to the soul of the ducal crown which can not [stay] with the illegal usurper , but must live in exile with the rightful ruler ’ uses queer and difficult language without helping matters one jot . and by the way , why is a violet a ‘ blood-flower ’ ?

That is another way of saying he wants his team to win , because they remain only a point clear , although after tonight they will still have a match in hand .
that is another way of saying he wants his team to win , because they [stay] only a point clear , although after tonight they will still have a match in hand .

If these figures held steady through the late polling hours , Mr Clinton would remain the Democrats ' nominee-presumptive for the presidential election in November with an overwhelming lead in convention delegates .
if these figures held steady through the late polling hours , mr clinton would [stay] the democrats ' nominee-presumptive for the presidential election in november with an overwhelming lead in convention delegates .

North Cornwall : key Cornish seat , where swing of less than five per cent would unseat Sir Gerry Neale , who helped to run Mrs Thatcher 's unsuccessful campaign to remain party leader .
north cornwall : key cornish seat , where swing of less than five per cent would unseat sir gerry neale , who helped to run mrs thatcher 's unsuccessful campaign to [stay] party leader .

Traditional Socialist values , notably egalitarianism , remain but , as Roy Hattersley frequently complains , Labour as a party has not embodied them in policies — or even slogans — that enunciate a clear vision of what a Labour Britain would be like .
traditional socialist values , notably egalitarianism , [stay] but , as roy hattersley frequently complains , labour as a party has not embodied them in policies — or even slogans — that enunciate a clear vision of what a labour britain would be like .

Outlining the decree , the Commander-in-Chief of Commonwealth Forces , Marshal Yevgeny Shaposhnikov , said the fleet 's military operations would remain in the hands of the Commonwealth of Independent States , but be subordinate to Mr Yeltsin , and that all financing would come from Russia .
outlining the decree , the commander-in-chief of commonwealth forces , marshal yevgeny shaposhnikov , said the fleet 's military operations would [stay] in the hands of the commonwealth of independent states , but be subordinate to mr yeltsin , and that all financing would come from russia .

‘ Budweiser Budvar beer is one of Czechoslovakia 's national treasures — and should remain so , ’ they said .
‘ budweiser budvar beer is one of czechoslovakia 's national treasures — and should [stay] so , ’ they said .

In reaction to Bosnia 's newly-gained independence , defiant Serbs yesterday declared their own state in the region which they said will encompass more than 50 per cent of the current republic and remain under Belgrade rule .
in reaction to bosnia 's newly-gained independence , defiant serbs yesterday declared their own state in the region which they said will encompass more than 50 per cent of the current republic and [stay] under belgrade rule .

Minority Serbs , whose fears of life in an independent state have been stirred by militant nationalist leaders , vowed to fight to remain within Yugoslavia .
minority serbs , whose fears of life in an independent state have been stirred by militant nationalist leaders , vowed to fight to [stay] within yugoslavia .

‘ We want to remain here together .
‘ we want to [stay] here together .

It might say something about the Americans that they remain so obsessed with this repellent , perverted killer and his pathetic entourage .
it might say something about the americans that they [stay] so obsessed with this repellent , perverted killer and his pathetic entourage .

Most analysts reckon some sort of reflex reaction is inevitable , although fund managers are expected to remain on the sidelines , perhaps even until the new government 's Budget is unveiled in two or three weeks time .
most analysts reckon some sort of reflex reaction is inevitable , although fund managers are expected to [stay] on the sidelines , perhaps even until the new government 's budget is unveiled in two or three weeks time .

Traditional beer and pubs have been under threat for decades — and remain so today .
traditional beer and pubs have been under threat for decades — and [stay] so today .

Campaigning points remain at the forefront : new long-leases for tenants , inter-brewery supply deals and the latest wave of brewery closures are all put under the spotlight .
campaigning points [stay] at the forefront : new long-leases for tenants , inter-brewery supply deals and the latest wave of brewery closures are all put under the spotlight .

While we must support family rooms in those pubs which have the space and can provide suitable amusement for the little angels , this can not remain the only answer to the problem .
while we must support family rooms in those pubs which have the space and can provide suitable amusement for the little angels , this can not [stay] the only answer to the problem .

‘ If they all go through the pelleting machines , the residues will remain .
‘ if they all go through the pelleting machines , the residues will [stay] .

The idea of ‘ care in the community ’ has developed over the past 20 years to encourage the development of services to help older people in need of care to remain in their own homes for as long as they wish , and for as long as is practical .
the idea of ‘ care in the community ’ has developed over the past 20 years to encourage the development of services to help older people in need of care to [stay] in their own homes for as long as they wish , and for as long as is practical .

Community Health Councils will remain as the link between authorities and the consumer , and the working papers mention consulting consumers in audit of services .
community health councils will [stay] as the link between authorities and the consumer , and the working papers mention consulting consumers in audit of services .

Mrs Henry refused the drug treatment given to reduce the chances of a relapse , but there are many who would remain well without it , Dr Slevin said .
mrs henry refused the drug treatment given to reduce the chances of a relapse , but there are many who would [stay] well without it , dr slevin said .

Virgin 's sale of one quarter of its music business to the entertainment and leisure giant , Fujisankei , ensures that it will remain the last of the world 's independent record companies — for the time being , at least .
virgin 's sale of one quarter of its music business to the entertainment and leisure giant , fujisankei , ensures that it will [stay] the last of the world 's independent record companies — for the time being , at least .

The opening ceremony , set for last May , was cancelled , and local activists had to remain on the original walls while gazing up in wonder at the spectacular treat they were being denied .
the opening ceremony , set for last may , was cancelled , and local activists had to [stay] on the original walls while gazing up in wonder at the spectacular treat they were being denied .

Anxieties which are currently felt most acutely by those living near destruction plants themselves may not always remain so localised .
anxieties which are currently felt most acutely by those living near destruction plants themselves may not always [stay] so localised .

The leaders remain haunted by the forces of dissent they ordered the army to crush .
the leaders [stay] haunted by the forces of dissent they ordered the army to crush .

But if they are physically weak , the old guard remain politically strong .
but if they are physically weak , the old guard [stay] politically strong .

It seems that on the basis of Canto 7 we can explain Pound 's hostility to Virgil very simply indeed : it was precisely Virgil 's melancholy , the lacrimae rerum which endears him to so many , that Pound could not stomach , so sanguine as he was and so determined to remain so .
it seems that on the basis of canto 7 we can explain pound 's hostility to virgil very simply indeed : it was precisely virgil 's melancholy , the lacrimae rerum which endears him to so many , that pound could not stomach , so sanguine as he was and so determined to [stay] so .

There is evidence to support the case that prices will remain high for a while .
there is evidence to support the case that prices will [stay] high for a while .

But in spite of clear signals from Virgin Records that it wants to remain independent , speculation was rife that the purchaser might be Sony .
but in spite of clear signals from virgin records that it wants to [stay] independent , speculation was rife that the purchaser might be sony .

If memory serves , Ian Judge 's excellent production , Ann Curtis 's fine costumes , and Gerard Howland 's half-baked set remain as they were .
if memory serves , ian judge 's excellent production , ann curtis 's fine costumes , and gerard howland 's half-baked set [stay] as they were .

The problem with the latter is that , despite superficial alterations , principal architectural features remain constant within the distinct localities of the three acts , nicely illustrated in the programme .
the problem with the latter is that , despite superficial alterations , principal architectural features [stay] constant within the distinct localities of the three acts , nicely illustrated in the programme .

Nevertheless the Cuk converter topology seems likely to remain an outsider until a true trade-off comparison can be made between Cuk and Buck at a series of realistic equivalent performance levels , a task that would take a lot of time , but whose results would be of great interest to many in the power supply design field .
nevertheless the cuk converter topology seems likely to [stay] an outsider until a true trade-off comparison can be made between cuk and buck at a series of realistic equivalent performance levels , a task that would take a lot of time , but whose results would be of great interest to many in the power supply design field .

Indeed , they will remain the major source of information for car drivers for the foreseeable future ’ .
indeed , they will [stay] the major source of information for car drivers for the foreseeable future ’ .

Nottingham City , originally named Mansfield Marksman after a lager , remain marooned in the depths of the Second Division .
nottingham city , originally named mansfield marksman after a lager , [stay] marooned in the depths of the second division .

Despite the protective embrace of professionalism and the general mutuality of respect and acceptance that pertains between disciplines , the academic teacher of literature is in a peculiar position in relation to his colleagues elsewhere , in ways that have been remarked on by John Bayley and Raymond Williams , and no doubt by others ; in certain respects English does remain an essentially different subject .
despite the protective embrace of professionalism and the general mutuality of respect and acceptance that pertains between disciplines , the academic teacher of literature is in a peculiar position in relation to his colleagues elsewhere , in ways that have been remarked on by john bayley and raymond williams , and no doubt by others ; in certain respects english does [stay] an essentially different subject .

Other factors , like the institutional need to advance knowledge , to publish , to engage in research , and generate performanceindicators , would remain , whatever new academic structures emerged .
other factors , like the institutional need to advance knowledge , to publish , to engage in research , and generate performanceindicators , would [stay] , whatever new academic structures emerged .

‘ Our existing policies not only remain unchanged after the Peking incident , we will move forward in pushing forward the economic reform and open door policy .
‘ our existing policies not only [stay] unchanged after the peking incident , we will move forward in pushing forward the economic reform and open door policy .

He also said that the Prince and Princess of Wales would not make a planned visit to China in November ‘ so long as those responsible for the atrocities over the past weekend remain in control of the Chinese government ’ .
he also said that the prince and princess of wales would not make a planned visit to china in november ‘ so long as those responsible for the atrocities over the past weekend [stay] in control of the chinese government ’ .

These were Milhaud , Poulenc and Auric whose music greatly influenced many later composers such as William Walton and Constant Lambert , many of their works remain in constant use today as witness MacMillan 's moving interpretation of Poulenc 's Gloria .
these were milhaud , poulenc and auric whose music greatly influenced many later composers such as william walton and constant lambert , many of their works [stay] in constant use today as witness macmillan 's moving interpretation of poulenc 's gloria .

Or must they remain part of the ‘ mass ’ , in other words the corps de ballet , because they are needed to create the proper atmosphere , state the location , suggest the mood and very often respond to whatever is taking place ?
or must they [stay] part of the ‘ mass ’ , in other words the corps de ballet , because they are needed to create the proper atmosphere , state the location , suggest the mood and very often respond to whatever is taking place ?

But such apparent freedom must be controlled if the dance is to remain wthin the limits of the true classical style .
but such apparent freedom must be controlled if the dance is to [stay] wthin the limits of the true classical style .

The department adds that GPs must remain free to send patients to hospitals with which their district has no contract .
the department adds that gps must [stay] free to send patients to hospitals with which their district has no contract .

Hammersmith 's portfolio was almost entirely geared to an expectation that low interest rates in 1987-88 would remain .
hammersmith 's portfolio was almost entirely geared to an expectation that low interest rates in 1987-88 would [stay] .

Mason needed an X-ray on his right hand and repairs around both eyes after being taken the full distance by Wills on Wednesday night , but his heart and ambition remain undamaged .
mason needed an x-ray on his right hand and repairs around both eyes after being taken the full distance by wills on wednesday night , but his heart and ambition [stay] undamaged .

Another international , who preferred to remain anonymous , claimed that two thirds of the top 24 would have gone on strike had they been asked , and that a players ' union will soon be formed to help deal with matters such as prize money , rankings , training and selection .
another international , who preferred to [stay] anonymous , claimed that two thirds of the top 24 would have gone on strike had they been asked , and that a players ' union will soon be formed to help deal with matters such as prize money , rankings , training and selection .

When interviewed Mr Hussain said he had not decided whether , following marriage , he , or his fiancee , would wish to remain in England or return to Pakistan .
when interviewed mr hussain said he had not decided whether , following marriage , he , or his fiancee , would wish to [stay] in england or return to pakistan .

The essence of what Mr Hussain said was that following the marriage he would remain in England on a settled basis as a married man for just so long as his wife dictated .
the essence of what mr hussain said was that following the marriage he would [stay] in england on a settled basis as a married man for just so long as his wife dictated .

Although the government has since promulgated guidelines to standardise analytical methods , doubts remain about whether laboratories can be relied upon not to make technical and clerical mistakes which could result in someone 's discharge .
although the government has since promulgated guidelines to standardise analytical methods , doubts [stay] about whether laboratories can be relied upon not to make technical and clerical mistakes which could result in someone 's discharge .

Mason needed an X-ray on his right hand and repairs around both eyes after being taken the full distance by Wills on Wednesday night , but his heart and ambition remain undamaged .
mason needed an x-ray on his right hand and repairs around both eyes after being taken the full distance by wills on wednesday night , but his heart and ambition [stay] undamaged .

Another international , who preferred to remain anonymous , claimed that two thirds of the top 24 would have gone on strike had they been asked , and that a players ' union will soon be formed to help deal with matters such as prize money , rankings , training and selection .
another international , who preferred to [stay] anonymous , claimed that two thirds of the top 24 would have gone on strike had they been asked , and that a players ' union will soon be formed to help deal with matters such as prize money , rankings , training and selection .

Nikau will remain until the end of the season with the option of staying for another .
nikau will [stay] until the end of the season with the option of staying for another .

Although officials remain resolutely silent , there is a widespread belief that the British Government will authorise the colony 's administration to go ahead with the first batch of mandatory repatriations this week .
although officials [stay] resolutely silent , there is a widespread belief that the british government will authorise the colony 's administration to go ahead with the first batch of mandatory repatriations this week .

The government had concluded ‘ that it is quite wrong that we should build up artificial hopes ’ by allowing boat people to remain in the colony in the belief that they would be resettled .
the government had concluded ‘ that it is quite wrong that we should build up artificial hopes ’ by allowing boat people to [stay] in the colony in the belief that they would be resettled .

Mr Anderson , who joined the group in 1985 , will remain a consultant .
mr anderson , who joined the group in 1985 , will [stay] a consultant .

But while the ups and downs of Ferranti 's future remain of keen interest , not least to its management , workers and shareholders , there are wider questions to be addressed as the Nato European Fighter Management Agency plunges into its final decisions on the European Fighter Project .
but while the ups and downs of ferranti 's future [stay] of keen interest , not least to its management , workers and shareholders , there are wider questions to be addressed as the nato european fighter management agency plunges into its final decisions on the european fighter project .

Boutique syndicates are likely to remain , however .
boutique syndicates are likely to [stay] , however .

Be with them in peace so that we may remain with our family and children in peace .
be with them in peace so that we may [stay] with our family and children in peace .

He believes that B'nai B'rith Women 's determination to remain autonomous works against the trend of creating a new organisation for the 21st century comprising men and women .
he believes that b'nai b'rith women 's determination to [stay] autonomous works against the trend of creating a new organisation for the 21st century comprising men and women .

But while Mr Schalck-Golodkowski 's innocence or guilt must remain a matter for the courts , the detention of his friend and lawyer , Mr Wolfgang Vogel , clearly was in breach of the law .
but while mr schalck-golodkowski 's innocence or guilt must [stay] a matter for the courts , the detention of his friend and lawyer , mr wolfgang vogel , clearly was in breach of the law .

Although the American Government supports the peace process , it has urged the contras to remain in Honduras until after the Nicaraguan election and has continued to provide them with non-military funds .
although the american government supports the peace process , it has urged the contras to [stay] in honduras until after the nicaraguan election and has continued to provide them with non-military funds .

Despite calls for its closure on safety grounds , the Leaning Tower of Pisa is to remain open for the time being , the mayor said yesterday .
despite calls for its closure on safety grounds , the leaning tower of pisa is to [stay] open for the time being , the mayor said yesterday .

But , as Mr Gorbachev said at his Malta press conference , ‘ in order to remain realists , we should say that history decides the processes and fates on the European continent , and also the fates of those two [ German ] states . ’
but , as mr gorbachev said at his malta press conference , ‘ in order to [stay] realists , we should say that history decides the processes and fates on the european continent , and also the fates of those two [ german ] states . ’

Publication should remain at the editor 's discretion .
publication should [stay] at the editor 's discretion .

He said the 51 people flown back from Hong Kong early yesterday had been removed ‘ in line with procedures used worldwide to remove people refused permission to remain in a territory .
he said the 51 people flown back from hong kong early yesterday had been removed ‘ in line with procedures used worldwide to remove people refused permission to [stay] in a territory .

Deportations had been , he said , ‘ in line with procedures used worldwide to remove people refused permission to remain in a territory ’ .
deportations had been , he said , ‘ in line with procedures used worldwide to remove people refused permission to [stay] in a territory ’ .

‘ Unanswered questions ’ remain over Rover deal .
‘ unanswered questions ’ [stay] over rover deal .

’ Parole for these longer-term prisoners should remain discretionary .
’ parole for these longer-term prisoners should [stay] discretionary .

‘ Publication should remain a matter for the editor 's discretion , but if a complaint is subsequently upheld the council may feel justified in strengthening criticism . ’
‘ publication should [stay] a matter for the editor 's discretion , but if a complaint is subsequently upheld the council may feel justified in strengthening criticism . ’

But ‘ our struggle must remain non-violent and free of hatred , ’ he added .
but ‘ our struggle must [stay] non-violent and free of hatred , ’ he added .

He believes that B'nai B'rith Women 's determination to remain autonomous works against the trend of creating a new organisation for the 21st century comprising men and women .
he believes that b'nai b'rith women 's determination to [stay] autonomous works against the trend of creating a new organisation for the 21st century comprising men and women .

But while Mr Schalck-Golodkowski 's innocence or guilt must remain a matter for the courts , the detention of his friend and lawyer , Mr Wolfgang Vogel , clearly was in breach of the law .
but while mr schalck-golodkowski 's innocence or guilt must [stay] a matter for the courts , the detention of his friend and lawyer , mr wolfgang vogel , clearly was in breach of the law .

But , as Mr Gorbachev said at his Malta press conference , ‘ in order to remain realists , we should say that history decides the processes and fates on the European continent , and also the fates of those two [ German ] states . ’
but , as mr gorbachev said at his malta press conference , ‘ in order to [stay] realists , we should say that history decides the processes and fates on the european continent , and also the fates of those two [ german ] states . ’

Mr Anderson , who joined the group in 1985 , will remain a consultant .
mr anderson , who joined the group in 1985 , will [stay] a consultant .

But while the ups and downs of Ferranti 's future remain of keen interest , not least to its management , workers and shareholders , there are wider questions to be addressed as the Nato European Fighter Management Agency plunges into its final decisions on the European Fighter Project .
but while the ups and downs of ferranti 's future [stay] of keen interest , not least to its management , workers and shareholders , there are wider questions to be addressed as the nato european fighter management agency plunges into its final decisions on the european fighter project .

Boutique syndicates are likely to remain , however .
boutique syndicates are likely to [stay] , however .

They had to journey from Heathrow to Edinburgh by overnight coach and check out of their Edinburgh hotel two hours before the kick-off because they could not afford to remain there after the match .
they had to journey from heathrow to edinburgh by overnight coach and check out of their edinburgh hotel two hours before the kick-off because they could not afford to [stay] there after the match .

The couple who sold the statue have asked to remain anonymous .
the couple who sold the statue have asked to [stay] anonymous .

Mr Jiri Dienstbier , the Forum spokesman , responded coolly to the appointment of the new Prime Minister , Mr Marian Calfa , and said that were the Communist Mr Calfa to remain in office the president would have to be a non-Communist .
mr jiri dienstbier , the forum spokesman , responded coolly to the appointment of the new prime minister , mr marian calfa , and said that were the communist mr calfa to [stay] in office the president would have to be a non-communist .

How much of Bar Marius , and probably the man with the bow tie , will remain at the end of June is open to speculation .
how much of bar marius , and probably the man with the bow tie , will [stay] at the end of june is open to speculation .

Upper Framilode is by far the larger and was originally the location of the Purnells ' extensive iron and tinplate works , of which few traces remain , while Lower Framilode consists of just a few cottages , the mill and the Darell Arms .
upper framilode is by far the larger and was originally the location of the purnells ' extensive iron and tinplate works , of which few traces [stay] , while lower framilode consists of just a few cottages , the mill and the darell arms .

The business was to remain in the hands of the Clutterbucks for the next 120 years .
the business was to [stay] in the hands of the clutterbucks for the next 120 years .

Clutterbuck Deane died in 1701 and within a year Mary had sold the mill to Thomas Shurmur , in whose family it was to remain for a century .
clutterbuck deane died in 1701 and within a year mary had sold the mill to thomas shurmur , in whose family it was to [stay] for a century .

By 1637 the Church family , from whom the mill takes its name , were in residence and were to remain so until the early part of the 18th century .
by 1637 the church family , from whom the mill takes its name , were in residence and were to [stay] so until the early part of the 18th century .

Although comparatively little of the original mill buildings remain , it is still possible to gauge the size of what was once one of the Stroud area 's largest flock manufacturers .
although comparatively little of the original mill buildings [stay] , it is still possible to gauge the size of what was once one of the stroud area 's largest flock manufacturers .

Today , the main blocks of the complex remain , externally altered little .
today , the main blocks of the complex [stay] , externally altered little .

The mill no longer stands although a few traces remain , near the farm .
the mill no longer stands although a few traces [stay] , near the farm .

In this year , Samuel Healing opened his new mill , the business destined to remain in the family for many years .
in this year , samuel healing opened his new mill , the business destined to [stay] in the family for many years .

This is one mill which , with the cooperation of local government and the company , has managed to retain much of its historic character and still manage to modernise and remain competitive .
this is one mill which , with the cooperation of local government and the company , has managed to retain much of its historic character and still manage to modernise and [stay] competitive .

Many of these remain in name alone , but there are two mills on the lower reaches that still contain much of interest .
many of these [stay] in name alone , but there are two mills on the lower reaches that still contain much of interest .

By 1897 he had gone , the mill coming into the hands of John Wyman , who was to remain for more than thirty years .
by 1897 he had gone , the mill coming into the hands of john wyman , who was to [stay] for more than thirty years .

Many of these local mills remain in name alone , having fallen into disuse and demolition .
many of these local mills [stay] in name alone , having fallen into disuse and demolition .

That settled it , they would n't run out of water right away so she 'd remain where she was .
that settled it , they would n't run out of water right away so she 'd [stay] where she was .

‘ Goodbye , have a good trip , ’ she said , forcing her voice to remain steady .
‘ goodbye , have a good trip , ’ she said , forcing her voice to [stay] steady .

Before long all that would remain of The Haven would be yet another pile of rubble .
before long all that would [stay] of the haven would be yet another pile of rubble .

It 's worth taking the assumption by the scruff of the neck and shaking it till it falls apart , otherwise there will be no fundamental lasting change in relationships , the school will remain inward looking with no real growth in active listening and responding .
it 's worth taking the assumption by the scruff of the neck and shaking it till it falls apart , otherwise there will be no fundamental lasting change in relationships , the school will [stay] inward looking with no real growth in active listening and responding .

Much of John Tawell 's adventurous and notorious life has been forgotten , but he does remain exclusive in criminal history , as the first man to be trapped by electric telegraph .
much of john tawell 's adventurous and notorious life has been forgotten , but he does [stay] exclusive in criminal history , as the first man to be trapped by electric telegraph .

Darrel had mysteriously signed Littlecote over to Sir John in 1586 on the understanding that he would still be allowed to remain .
darrel had mysteriously signed littlecote over to sir john in 1586 on the understanding that he would still be allowed to [stay] .

They hanged the couple on the understanding that Combe would become part of Berkshire and remain so .
they hanged the couple on the understanding that combe would become part of berkshire and [stay] so .

We may have slipped back in some fields , but in others ( such as molecular biology or pharmaceutical research ) we remain world leaders .
we may have slipped back in some fields , but in others ( such as molecular biology or pharmaceutical research ) we [stay] world leaders .

Such a claim represents that same wishful thinking as his assessment that increasing the science budget by only 6 per cent next year ( the official prediction for inflation ) will allow spending to remain constant in real terms .
such a claim represents that same wishful thinking as his assessment that increasing the science budget by only 6 per cent next year ( the official prediction for inflation ) will allow spending to [stay] constant in real terms .

The precise molecular mechanisms involved remain largely unknown but they may involve lipid bilayers , which form the backbone of cell membranes and dissolve hydrophobic substances .
the precise molecular mechanisms involved [stay] largely unknown but they may involve lipid bilayers , which form the backbone of cell membranes and dissolve hydrophobic substances .

Buildings may remain structurally intact but tilt like rows of old tombstones as their foundations lose their grip .
buildings may [stay] structurally intact but tilt like rows of old tombstones as their foundations lose their grip .

Their goal was to create a building that would remain functional after an earthquake with a magnitude of 8.3 , as big as anything that has ever hit California .
their goal was to create a building that would [stay] functional after an earthquake with a magnitude of 8.3 , as big as anything that has ever hit california .

The new rulers were noted for their commercial sense , and the city site was too important to remain undeveloped .
the new rulers were noted for their commercial sense , and the city site was too important to [stay] undeveloped .

Today only the superb campanile and a section of the right side of the church remain from the original fourteenth-century building .
today only the superb campanile and a section of the right side of the church [stay] from the original fourteenth-century building .

Now only the four mosaics representing Europe , Asia , Africa and America together with those representing Agriculture , Art , Science and Industry remain .
now only the four mosaics representing europe , asia , africa and america together with those representing agriculture , art , science and industry [stay] .

These are all that now remain of a series of columns that surrounded the convent of Santa Caterina in the Middle Ages .
these are all that now [stay] of a series of columns that surrounded the convent of santa caterina in the middle ages .

The church was deconsecrated in the early nineteenth-century and converted into a warehouse , at which time its art treasures were moved out to the Brera where they still remain , despite the church having been reconsecrated in the twentieth-century .
the church was deconsecrated in the early nineteenth-century and converted into a warehouse , at which time its art treasures were moved out to the brera where they still [stay] , despite the church having been reconsecrated in the twentieth-century .

It was built in 876 , and those ancient parts of the church that remain are among the few fragments from that time that still exist , not only in Milan , but also in Lombardy .
it was built in 876 , and those ancient parts of the church that [stay] are among the few fragments from that time that still exist , not only in milan , but also in lombardy .

( 29–30 September 1777 ) Having decided that he would like to remain in Munich Mozart reported a plan to Leopold which he thought might enable him to do so .
( 29–30 september 1777 ) having decided that he would like to [stay] in munich mozart reported a plan to leopold which he thought might enable him to do so .

They have an incurable handicap which will remain with them for the duration of their lives .
they have an incurable handicap which will [stay] with them for the duration of their lives .

As there is no identifiable physical handicap present , and its causes remain obscure , there is at present no method of preventing the birth of an autistic child .
as there is no identifiable physical handicap present , and its causes [stay] obscure , there is at present no method of preventing the birth of an autistic child .

Even if they can remain with their families , they may place demands on the families which will make it hard for them to cope .
even if they can [stay] with their families , they may place demands on the families which will make it hard for them to cope .

Although there is no shortage of childless couples in Britain , there is a shortage of couples prepared to adopt or foster handicapped children , and as a result the numbers of fostered and adopted children remain small .
although there is no shortage of childless couples in britain , there is a shortage of couples prepared to adopt or foster handicapped children , and as a result the numbers of fostered and adopted children [stay] small .

Despite critical letters from their families and harrowing interviews with different social workers , they remain resolute .
despite critical letters from their families and harrowing interviews with different social workers , they [stay] resolute .

Overall , the dilemma between the accurate depiction of mental handicap and ‘ good television ’ will remain .
overall , the dilemma between the accurate depiction of mental handicap and ‘ good television ’ will [stay] .

This sense of wariness and unease permeates our society , and will remain a barrier both to parents accepting mentally handicapped children , and to the public at large accepting them within our society .
this sense of wariness and unease permeates our society , and will [stay] a barrier both to parents accepting mentally handicapped children , and to the public at large accepting them within our society .

It is wrong to assume that mentally handicapped people would , or should , remain at home into adulthood .
it is wrong to assume that mentally handicapped people would , or should , [stay] at home into adulthood .

The patient may indeed be made sick in another way by receiving other such unchanged doses , even sicker than he was , for now only those symptoms of the given remedy remain active which were not homœopathic to the original disease , hence no step towards cure can follow , only a true aggravation of the condition of the patient .
the patient may indeed be made sick in another way by receiving other such unchanged doses , even sicker than he was , for now only those symptoms of the given remedy [stay] active which were not homœopathic to the original disease , hence no step towards cure can follow , only a true aggravation of the condition of the patient .

If traces of the original complaint remain then dosing should be continued from where it was left off .
if traces of the original complaint [stay] then dosing should be continued from where it was left off .

But even if a school fulfils its legal obligations there will be some parents who will remain dissatisfied .
but even if a school fulfils its legal obligations there will be some parents who will [stay] dissatisfied .

The more one studies the facts of Blake 's escape the more questions remain unanswered .
the more one studies the facts of blake 's escape the more questions [stay] unanswered .

One of the most frightening aspects of all intelligence agencies is the manner in which they create a totally false brand of patriotism in order to further a particular cause on the spurious grounds that only they understand what needs to be done and should not be asked to account or explain for any of their actions which must remain secret for all time .
one of the most frightening aspects of all intelligence agencies is the manner in which they create a totally false brand of patriotism in order to further a particular cause on the spurious grounds that only they understand what needs to be done and should not be asked to account or explain for any of their actions which must [stay] secret for all time .

Whereas standards of ethical behaviour for men were essentially active , a woman was obliged above all to remain chaste .
whereas standards of ethical behaviour for men were essentially active , a woman was obliged above all to [stay] chaste .

Women writers were expected to remain within strict bounds of modesty .
women writers were expected to [stay] within strict bounds of modesty .

If an entirely innocent character , Terentia perhaps , embarked on an angry critique of patriarchy , it would be very difficult to remain within the tragic form , and ultimately impossible to interest a producer in the script .
if an entirely innocent character , terentia perhaps , embarked on an angry critique of patriarchy , it would be very difficult to [stay] within the tragic form , and ultimately impossible to interest a producer in the script .

Yet Modigliani was too much a part of the life of Montparnasse , too involved with the individuals leading the ‘ new art ’ , to remain completely aloof .
yet modigliani was too much a part of the life of montparnasse , too involved with the individuals leading the ‘ new art ’ , to [stay] completely aloof .

The accounts of the journey to the south remain contradictory .
the accounts of the journey to the south [stay] contradictory .

Since those who were politically important did not expect the occupant to remain there for long , they brusquely declined to listen to his requests for refurbishment .
since those who were politically important did not expect the occupant to [stay] there for long , they brusquely declined to listen to his requests for refurbishment .

This was , surely , what would remain in her mind … James 's plaudits were so evidently sincere , that Aubrey forgot his pique .
this was , surely , what would [stay] in her mind … james 's plaudits were so evidently sincere , that aubrey forgot his pique .

Surely , he reasoned , some of that must remain ?
surely , he reasoned , some of that must [stay] ?

‘ We got ourselves into one of those silly situations , in the middle of 1883 , which meant there was no way for me to remain .
‘ we got ourselves into one of those silly situations , in the middle of 1883 , which meant there was no way for me to [stay] .

This allows the lungs to remain inflated after a breath is taken , without it the lung does not expand adequately and the baby had to work much harder to breathe — rather like blowing up a new balloon as opposed to one with some air already in it .
this allows the lungs to [stay] inflated after a breath is taken , without it the lung does not expand adequately and the baby had to work much harder to breathe — rather like blowing up a new balloon as opposed to one with some air already in it .

• 47% preferred to remain in hospital for 3 days after with only 8% feeling a 6 hour stay was sufficient .
• 47% preferred to [stay] in hospital for 3 days after with only 8% feeling a 6 hour stay was sufficient .

It is not because of the poor 's isolation from the modern sector that they remain poor , but because they provide a cheap human resource for that sector .
it is not because of the poor 's isolation from the modern sector that they [stay] poor , but because they provide a cheap human resource for that sector .

Some of the discussion of the informal sector and the Turner thesis suggest that , for a minority , there may be small improvements in housing or occupation , but the majority remain part of the mass of the urban poor .
some of the discussion of the informal sector and the turner thesis suggest that , for a minority , there may be small improvements in housing or occupation , but the majority [stay] part of the mass of the urban poor .

Can this group remain within a united working class or will it pursue selfish interests , separating itself further from the remainder of the working class ?
can this group [stay] within a united working class or will it pursue selfish interests , separating itself further from the remainder of the working class ?

Like them , Armenian families in Lebanon remain grouped by their original cities and villages .
like them , armenian families in lebanon [stay] grouped by their original cities and villages .

How did the world remain so blind for so long ?
how did the world [stay] so blind for so long ?

Nevertheless , the objector may well remain convinced that many legislative authorities are not meant to act on dependent reasons and that their directives are not pre-emptive .
nevertheless , the objector may well [stay] convinced that many legislative authorities are not meant to act on dependent reasons and that their directives are not pre-emptive .

It is , however , often claimed that there is a qualified obligation to obey the law , based on the authority of governments in just regimes , for so long as they remain just .
it is , however , often claimed that there is a qualified obligation to obey the law , based on the authority of governments in just regimes , for so long as they [stay] just .

Their father may know that if he simply ‘ refuses to intervene ’ the older one , stronger and more resourceful , is bound to come out on top … In other words , the decision to remain neutral , according to the terms of our present definition , would amount to a decision to allow the naturally strong child to prevail .
their father may know that if he simply ‘ refuses to intervene ’ the older one , stronger and more resourceful , is bound to come out on top … in other words , the decision to [stay] neutral , according to the terms of our present definition , would amount to a decision to allow the naturally strong child to prevail .

Finally , there would remain a central core containing the reactor building itself .
finally , there would [stay] a central core containing the reactor building itself .

Only functional distinctions would remain .
only functional distinctions would [stay] .

The important thing for us is not where the state border runs , but whether or not the working people of all nations remain allied in their struggle against the bourgeoisie … We are going to tell the Ukrainians that , as Ukrainians , they can go ahead and arrange their life as they see fit .
the important thing for us is not where the state border runs , but whether or not the working people of all nations [stay] allied in their struggle against the bourgeoisie … we are going to tell the ukrainians that , as ukrainians , they can go ahead and arrange their life as they see fit .

For several hundred years , the ‘ Debatable Land ’ was largely uninhabited and to keep it that way , in 1551 , a proclamation was issued jointly by the two nations , to the effect that : ‘ All Englishmen and Scottishmen after this proclamation is made are , and shall be , free to rob , burn , spoil , slay , murder and destroy , all and every such person or persons , their bodies , buildings , goods and cattle as do remain or shall inhabit upon any part of the said debatable land .
for several hundred years , the ‘ debatable land ’ was largely uninhabited and to keep it that way , in 1551 , a proclamation was issued jointly by the two nations , to the effect that : ‘ all englishmen and scottishmen after this proclamation is made are , and shall be , free to rob , burn , spoil , slay , murder and destroy , all and every such person or persons , their bodies , buildings , goods and cattle as do [stay] or shall inhabit upon any part of the said debatable land .

Father rushed down and began yelling instructions ; the gentleman and his gillie just stood , mouths open , hardly believing what they were seeing , as Mother struggled and splashed in the river , fighting the salmon with one hand whilst struggling to remain decent with the other .
father rushed down and began yelling instructions ; the gentleman and his gillie just stood , mouths open , hardly believing what they were seeing , as mother struggled and splashed in the river , fighting the salmon with one hand whilst struggling to [stay] decent with the other .

Once the abscesses burst , they usually discharge for several days before gradually healing up often with an obvious scar which can remain visible for several months .
once the abscesses burst , they usually discharge for several days before gradually healing up often with an obvious scar which can [stay] visible for several months .

One fact which people often forget is that horses which have passed the acute clinically ill stage of the disease will still remain infectious for up to six weeks or possibly even longer .
one fact which people often forget is that horses which have passed the acute clinically ill stage of the disease will still [stay] infectious for up to six weeks or possibly even longer .

Remember that cases which have apparently recovered , can remain as carriers for a considerable time and can only be detected by laboratory isolation from nasal swabs .
remember that cases which have apparently recovered , can [stay] as carriers for a considerable time and can only be detected by laboratory isolation from nasal swabs .

Most visitors to Dentdale gravitate to Dent Town and halt there without exploring further and remain unaware of the many other delights to be found in the ten miles of this lovely valley , some man-made and others the work of a bountiful nature .
most visitors to dentdale gravitate to dent town and halt there without exploring further and [stay] unaware of the many other delights to be found in the ten miles of this lovely valley , some man-made and others the work of a bountiful nature .

The only disturbance to the peace of this natural sanctuary occurred 120 years ago when a spectacular railway was laid at a high level across the head of the valley ; this apart , Dentdale today is very much as it was three centuries ago , happily free from modern developments and well content to remain so .
the only disturbance to the peace of this natural sanctuary occurred 120 years ago when a spectacular railway was laid at a high level across the head of the valley ; this apart , dentdale today is very much as it was three centuries ago , happily free from modern developments and well content to [stay] so .

It is not a place for the faint hearted or those who swoon easily : such are advised to remain in the safety of the car .
it is not a place for the faint hearted or those who swoon easily : such are advised to [stay] in the safety of the car .

Those who pass along it without divergence , however , remain unaware of the interesting features that give Ingleborough its unique distinction , hazards and difficulties also being avoided on the straightforward climb .
those who pass along it without divergence , however , [stay] unaware of the interesting features that give ingleborough its unique distinction , hazards and difficulties also being avoided on the straightforward climb .

But the journey , which coincides in part with the Pennine Way , will remain etched in the memory .
but the journey , which coincides in part with the pennine way , will [stay] etched in the memory .

This barren and featureless area offers no promise of adventure , yet within a mile of the viaduct the unlikely terrain yields the secrets of a score of caves and potholes to those who search and succeed in locating them : some are easy , some are difficult , some are dangerous , and most remain shyly hidden .
this barren and featureless area offers no promise of adventure , yet within a mile of the viaduct the unlikely terrain yields the secrets of a score of caves and potholes to those who search and succeed in locating them : some are easy , some are difficult , some are dangerous , and most [stay] shyly hidden .

The result [ of legal advice ] is that in many cases a detainee who would otherwise have answered proper questioning by the police will be advised to remain silent .
the result [ of legal advice ] is that in many cases a detainee who would otherwise have answered proper questioning by the police will be advised to [stay] silent .

Quite apart from this , the legislation required that the gathering of evidence by other means would be unlikely to succeed , or would be considerably more difficult ; a warrant would apply to only one suspect , so that there were no general warrants ; the warrants would remain in force for three months and thereafter had to be renewed ; and the person concerned generally had to be notified as soon as possible after the surveillance ended that he or she had been the target of such surveillance .
quite apart from this , the legislation required that the gathering of evidence by other means would be unlikely to succeed , or would be considerably more difficult ; a warrant would apply to only one suspect , so that there were no general warrants ; the warrants would [stay] in force for three months and thereafter had to be renewed ; and the person concerned generally had to be notified as soon as possible after the surveillance ended that he or she had been the target of such surveillance .

In subsequent criminal proceedings , the High Court held that the police had a power to enter and remain on private property , against the wishes of the occupier , if they reasonably apprehended either that the commission of an offence was ‘ imminent or likely ’ or that any breach of the peace was likely to occur .
in subsequent criminal proceedings , the high court held that the police had a power to enter and [stay] on private property , against the wishes of the occupier , if they reasonably apprehended either that the commission of an offence was ‘ imminent or likely ’ or that any breach of the peace was likely to occur .

Records of their two sons , however , and of their daughter , also named Maria Dorothea but known as Miemie , remain in the form of wills and marriage or death certificates .
records of their two sons , however , and of their daughter , also named maria dorothea but known as miemie , [stay] in the form of wills and marriage or death certificates .

The women must be changed — the skirts remain , but a redder red — the bodice must be changed — no cross garterings as men have these — head fine .
the women must be changed — the skirts [stay] , but a redder red — the bodice must be changed — no cross garterings as men have these — head fine .

For the proximo-distal axis , our suggestion is that the cells learn their position by measuring how long they remain in the progress zone , a mechanism based on measuring time .
for the proximo-distal axis , our suggestion is that the cells learn their position by measuring how long they [stay] in the progress zone , a mechanism based on measuring time .

The cells in the progress zone seem to be able to measure how long they remain in the progress zone and this enables them to , ‘ know ’ their position along the proximo-distal axis .
the cells in the progress zone seem to be able to measure how long they [stay] in the progress zone and this enables them to , ‘ know ’ their position along the proximo-distal axis .

The first cells to leave will form proximal structures , like the humerus , whereas those that remain in the progress zone longest will form the tips of the digits .
the first cells to leave will form proximal structures , like the humerus , whereas those that [stay] in the progress zone longest will form the tips of the digits .

Liver cells remain like their parents because the same genes are switched on .
liver cells [stay] like their parents because the same genes are switched on .

The northern fens were to remain the preserve of fishers and fowlers for another 150 years .
the northern fens were to [stay] the preserve of fishers and fowlers for another 150 years .

Inclosure like a Buonaparte let not a thing remain
inclosure like a buonaparte let not a thing [stay]

Significantly , the same Parliament which passed the 1947 Agriculture Act also brought into being the 1947 Town and Country Planning Act , thus creating the planning system which , to this day , regulates all aspects of British life except agriculture and forestry , which remain exempt .
significantly , the same parliament which passed the 1947 agriculture act also brought into being the 1947 town and country planning act , thus creating the planning system which , to this day , regulates all aspects of british life except agriculture and forestry , which [stay] exempt .

Like a grow-bag , however , they can not go on producing their rich harvests of vegetable crops such as celery and carrots for ever , since once the peat has all wasted away , poor acid subsoils , especially clays , are often all that remain beneath .
like a grow-bag , however , they can not go on producing their rich harvests of vegetable crops such as celery and carrots for ever , since once the peat has all wasted away , poor acid subsoils , especially clays , are often all that [stay] beneath .

It is estimated that by the first decade of next century , only 20 per cent of the peat soils now present on the 561 square kilometres marked by the soil map of the Ely district will remain .
it is estimated that by the first decade of next century , only 20 per cent of the peat soils now present on the 561 square kilometres marked by the soil map of the ely district will [stay] .

Secondly , it has been proposed in some quarters that there should be a more general return to the old grammar school system ( and indeed in a few areas these schools remain ) .
secondly , it has been proposed in some quarters that there should be a more general return to the old grammar school system ( and indeed in a few areas these schools [stay] ) .

Market forces would then bring it about that ‘ bad ’ schools would simply wither away , or be compelled to become ‘ good ’ , if they were to remain open .
market forces would then bring it about that ‘ bad ’ schools would simply wither away , or be compelled to become ‘ good ’ , if they were to [stay] open .

One of the major functions of education must be to open people 's eyes to the fact that things were at one time different ; that they have evolved to where they are now ; and that they need not necessarily always remain as they are .
one of the major functions of education must be to open people 's eyes to the fact that things were at one time different ; that they have evolved to where they are now ; and that they need not necessarily always [stay] as they are .

There is , and must remain , a gulf between home and school which must not be eliminated , though it must be crossed by bridges at various points .
there is , and must [stay] , a gulf between home and school which must not be eliminated , though it must be crossed by bridges at various points .

If he is moving to a wheelchair with a removable arm , it is placed at right angles to the bed , and his feet remain level with each other .
if he is moving to a wheelchair with a removable arm , it is placed at right angles to the bed , and his feet [stay] level with each other .

Even then , you might still finish each day feeling guilty about the many chores which inevitably remain undone .
even then , you might still finish each day feeling guilty about the many chores which inevitably [stay] undone .

However , his departure was more like triumph since he took with him some 2000 men who preferred to go into exile with him rather than remain in Alfonso 's service .
however , his departure was more like triumph since he took with him some 2000 men who preferred to go into exile with him rather than [stay] in alfonso 's service .

Until that time , he will remain hidden in Mount Kyffhausen .
until that time , he will [stay] hidden in mount kyffhausen .

There , many promptly claimed lands and titles and chose to remain .
there , many promptly claimed lands and titles and chose to [stay] .

These little units boast they can withstand even the fiercest tempest , allowing the owner to remain snug and comfortable inside as the elements rage outside .
these little units boast they can withstand even the fiercest tempest , allowing the owner to [stay] snug and comfortable inside as the elements rage outside .

Agnes wondered if the dog 's powerful voice could contribute to this discomfort , but thought it wiser to remain silent . Not once , she noticed , with rare warmth , had they enquired after poor Dorothy 's broken hip — a much more serious business , surely !
agnes wondered if the dog 's powerful voice could contribute to this discomfort , but thought it wiser to [stay] silent . not once , she noticed , with rare warmth , had they enquired after poor dorothy 's broken hip — a much more serious business , surely !

He was a steadfast bachelor and intended to remain so .
he was a steadfast bachelor and intended to [stay] so .

Whatever the cost , Tullivers must remain their home .
whatever the cost , tullivers must [stay] their home .

Winnie picked up her knitting again , determined to remain cool-headed over the whole affair .
winnie picked up her knitting again , determined to [stay] cool-headed over the whole affair .

If a body of liquid is at the same temperature throughout , it will remain still , unless someone comes along and stirs it up .
if a body of liquid is at the same temperature throughout , it will [stay] still , unless someone comes along and stirs it up .

These two reports remain the source of almost all the information about the eruption ; the Royal Society in particular went to great lengths to amass every possible scrap of information and even inserted a notice in The Times requesting anyone who had seen or heard anything to come forward .
these two reports [stay] the source of almost all the information about the eruption ; the royal society in particular went to great lengths to amass every possible scrap of information and even inserted a notice in the times requesting anyone who had seen or heard anything to come forward .

At the surface these cracks may remain open and empty , forming deep clefts , but deeper down , magma forces its way up into the crack , widening it considerably by hydraulically wedging the walls apart .
at the surface these cracks may [stay] open and empty , forming deep clefts , but deeper down , magma forces its way up into the crack , widening it considerably by hydraulically wedging the walls apart .

This crater often gets filled with lakes of lava which remain molten for amazingly long periods .
this crater often gets filled with lakes of lava which [stay] molten for amazingly long periods .

As the lava cools down further , to a dull red , more and more chilled fragments remain on the surface , and these small particles soon agglomerate together , forming progressively larger plates or rafts which cover the surface of the flow , the hot lava itself only glowing through in the cracks between rafts .
as the lava cools down further , to a dull red , more and more chilled fragments [stay] on the surface , and these small particles soon agglomerate together , forming progressively larger plates or rafts which cover the surface of the flow , the hot lava itself only glowing through in the cracks between rafts .

In general the obsidian forms only on the outer skin of the lava , which is rapidly chilled , while the central parts of the flow , which remain hot for a long while , consist of rhyolite .
in general the obsidian forms only on the outer skin of the lava , which is rapidly chilled , while the central parts of the flow , which [stay] hot for a long while , consist of rhyolite .

Bombs made from plastic lavas tend to remain where they fall , but denser , more solid bombs sometimes bounce off the sides of the scoria cone at a glancing angle , and acquire a rapid spin .
bombs made from plastic lavas tend to [stay] where they fall , but denser , more solid bombs sometimes bounce off the sides of the scoria cone at a glancing angle , and acquire a rapid spin .

Looking back on these years , he remembered lying in the sun , his face covered with a straw hat : ‘ Other boys were always talking of when they would be men ; he did not want at all to be a man , or to possess things , but to remain as he was , in the same spot , and to know no more people than he already knew .
looking back on these years , he remembered lying in the sun , his face covered with a straw hat : ‘ other boys were always talking of when they would be men ; he did not want at all to be a man , or to possess things , but to [stay] as he was , in the same spot , and to know no more people than he already knew .

Some things may change , but at least fundamental truths remain .
some things may change , but at least fundamental truths [stay] .

Difficult problems may , of course , still remain .
difficult problems may , of course , still [stay] .

He is stable and , all being well , will remain so for some considerable period of time.5 The motive for turning off the ventilator in this situation may be evil , or it may be good , as , for example , in the case of involuntary euthanasia intended to bring about an end to misery and suffering .
he is stable and , all being well , will [stay] so for some considerable period of time.5 the motive for turning off the ventilator in this situation may be evil , or it may be good , as , for example , in the case of involuntary euthanasia intended to bring about an end to misery and suffering .

These remain unused for the entire time that the child is in nappies .
these [stay] unused for the entire time that the child is in nappies .

There is a need , above all , for an environment in which a fledgling ( or established ) business will feel comfortable and wish to remain , because of local amenities and because of the availability of a healthy , happy , well-equipped workforce .
there is a need , above all , for an environment in which a fledgling ( or established ) business will feel comfortable and wish to [stay] , because of local amenities and because of the availability of a healthy , happy , well-equipped workforce .

The assumptions lying behind such targeted programmes are that the ‘ problem ’ is a bounded one , concerned with ‘ pockets of poverty or deprivation ’ , restricted areas of decay , which can be remedied through relatively limited expenditure and precise targeting of funds and activities to ‘ special ’ , different , difficult problems , limited problems which remain to be rooted out , while the rest of the system is assumed to be functioning well and on course for prosperity and harmony .
the assumptions lying behind such targeted programmes are that the ‘ problem ’ is a bounded one , concerned with ‘ pockets of poverty or deprivation ’ , restricted areas of decay , which can be remedied through relatively limited expenditure and precise targeting of funds and activities to ‘ special ’ , different , difficult problems , limited problems which [stay] to be rooted out , while the rest of the system is assumed to be functioning well and on course for prosperity and harmony .

Many of the indicators chosen are suspect , as Macnicol has shown for earlier periods , in that they simply count contact with state agencies , and it is a commonplace observation that the poor are more likely to be in contact with social workers because they are poor ( Becker , 1988 ) ; young drug-takers in inner cities are more visible than wealthy socialites but drug-taking and drinking stretch across social groups ( O'Bryan , 1989 ; Plant , 1989 ) ; desertion of women by husbands and the choice to remain unmarried are not restricted to the poor ; and so on and so on .
many of the indicators chosen are suspect , as macnicol has shown for earlier periods , in that they simply count contact with state agencies , and it is a commonplace observation that the poor are more likely to be in contact with social workers because they are poor ( becker , 1988 ) ; young drug-takers in inner cities are more visible than wealthy socialites but drug-taking and drinking stretch across social groups ( o'bryan , 1989 ; plant , 1989 ) ; desertion of women by husbands and the choice to [stay] unmarried are not restricted to the poor ; and so on and so on .

Graveney insists that Hick should go back to basics , and remain in that classic position he is in at the start of the bowler 's run-up — to stand sideways-on , bat on the ground , knees slightly bent , feet about shoulder width apart , and head up and still with both eyes level .
graveney insists that hick should go back to basics , and [stay] in that classic position he is in at the start of the bowler 's run-up — to stand sideways-on , bat on the ground , knees slightly bent , feet about shoulder width apart , and head up and still with both eyes level .

And , as long as we bow and scrape to the descendants of an obscure family of German princelings , that is exactly what we will remain .
and , as long as we bow and scrape to the descendants of an obscure family of german princelings , that is exactly what we will [stay] .

They remain precisely the same .
they [stay] precisely the same .

Indecency in public displays is and should remain a separate if lesser offence .
indecency in public displays is and should [stay] a separate if lesser offence .

As long ago as 1975 a Home Office White Paper ‘ Computers and Privacy ’ said , unambiguously , that ‘ the time has come when those who use computers to handle personal information , however responsible they are , can no longer remain the sole judges of whether their own systems adequately safeguard privacy ’ , and it set out clearly the special features of computerised information systems which had implications for privacy .
as long ago as 1975 a home office white paper ‘ computers and privacy ’ said , unambiguously , that ‘ the time has come when those who use computers to handle personal information , however responsible they are , can no longer [stay] the sole judges of whether their own systems adequately safeguard privacy ’ , and it set out clearly the special features of computerised information systems which had implications for privacy .

Will the Act remain effective in the face of technical development ?
will the act [stay] effective in the face of technical development ?

Whilst Charles and Prince Rupert were invited to enter the city 's gates the majority of the armed forces were ordered to remain outside .
whilst charles and prince rupert were invited to enter the city 's gates the majority of the armed forces were ordered to [stay] outside .

St. Katherine 's Gardens — once the site of St. Katherine 's Church of which only a few stones now remain .
st. katherine 's gardens — once the site of st. katherine 's church of which only a few stones now [stay] .

Whether you are a visitor to our town , or indeed live nearby , you may be surprised at the many fascinating glimpses of Old Northampton which remain and can be enjoyed .
whether you are a visitor to our town , or indeed live nearby , you may be surprised at the many fascinating glimpses of old northampton which [stay] and can be enjoyed .

Many fine details — beautiful 16thcentury wooden ceilings , 15th-century painted glass , and a grand fireplace in the presence chamber — remain to remind us of this original purpose .
many fine details — beautiful 16thcentury wooden ceilings , 15th-century painted glass , and a grand fireplace in the presence chamber — [stay] to remind us of this original purpose .

Few remain however with standing walls and buildings and Rockingham is the only one to have survived in regular use as a family home .
few [stay] however with standing walls and buildings and rockingham is the only one to have survived in regular use as a family home .

100 hectares of these early oak trees still remain and are particularly valuable for wildlife .
100 hectares of these early oak trees still [stay] and are particularly valuable for wildlife .

Spinneys and woods are all that remain of once thick forest cover .
spinneys and woods are all that [stay] of once thick forest cover .

Some fine 18th Century buildings still remain as do some winding mediaeval streets .
some fine 18th century buildings still [stay] as do some winding mediaeval streets .

Further investigations by teams of scientists from all over the world have since laid the blame on man-made chlorinated substances that remain in the atmosphere for 100 years or more , where they destroy ozone .
further investigations by teams of scientists from all over the world have since laid the blame on man-made chlorinated substances that [stay] in the atmosphere for 100 years or more , where they destroy ozone .

Once formulated , they remain forever in the environment and build up in food chains and ultimately in our bodies .
once formulated , they [stay] forever in the environment and build up in food chains and ultimately in our bodies .

Most of our refuse does not decompose : plastic containers , bottles and tins dumped in the ground remain forever .
most of our refuse does not decompose : plastic containers , bottles and tins dumped in the ground [stay] forever .

They are bulky and , when placed in landfill sites , remain there forever taking up more and more valuable space each year .
they are bulky and , when placed in landfill sites , [stay] there forever taking up more and more valuable space each year .

Some things remain sacred do n't they ?
some things [stay] sacred do n't they ?

Expensive-looking loafers , preferably made out of an endangered species , remain essential for any aspiring manager .
expensive-looking loafers , preferably made out of an endangered species , [stay] essential for any aspiring manager .

There is a great deal of prejudice about age , with the result that the older you are the more likely you are to remain unemployed for more than a year .
there is a great deal of prejudice about age , with the result that the older you are the more likely you are to [stay] unemployed for more than a year .

If you think this is the case then ask the interviewee to remain in the waiting room for five minutes in case you wish to ask them back .
if you think this is the case then ask the interviewee to [stay] in the waiting room for five minutes in case you wish to ask them back .

Measurements of limbs remain unchanged .
measurements of limbs [stay] unchanged .

¼ inch goes from my waist , hips remain unchanged but 2 inches from my tum .
¼ inch goes from my waist , hips [stay] unchanged but 2 inches from my tum .

Arms remain unchanged .
arms [stay] unchanged .

Week 8 : Another pound gone , ½ inch off my bust ( now 40½ inches ) : ¾ inch from my waist , 1 inch off my hips , tum remains the same but have lost 5 inches already , no more off thighs but another ¼ inch off my knees and arms remain unchanged .
week 8 : another pound gone , ½ inch off my bust ( now 40½ inches ) : ¾ inch from my waist , 1 inch off my hips , tum remains the same but have lost 5 inches already , no more off thighs but another ¼ inch off my knees and arms [stay] unchanged .

It is as if the emotional umbilicus is never cut , and so magical transfers of feeling remain possible .
it is as if the emotional umbilicus is never cut , and so magical transfers of feeling [stay] possible .

Such people may remain frightened , consciously or unconsciously , of the strength of their anger and possible loss of control .
such people may [stay] frightened , consciously or unconsciously , of the strength of their anger and possible loss of control .

Having realized their ambition to combine their career with child-rearing , they remain tom between and exhausted by the demands of job and baby , with ever-decreasing satisfactions in both spheres .
having realized their ambition to combine their career with child-rearing , they [stay] tom between and exhausted by the demands of job and baby , with ever-decreasing satisfactions in both spheres .

They often remain in a state of despair that the world at large and their nearest friends and relatives treat them so badly .
they often [stay] in a state of despair that the world at large and their nearest friends and relatives treat them so badly .

But when permissive or instructional therapy is needed , the interesting question is why people remain so ignorant about their bodies and potential sexuality when there are so many relevant books on the market , when sex education is provided in schools and when many glossy magazines promote the virtue and necessity of orgasm .
but when permissive or instructional therapy is needed , the interesting question is why people [stay] so ignorant about their bodies and potential sexuality when there are so many relevant books on the market , when sex education is provided in schools and when many glossy magazines promote the virtue and necessity of orgasm .

When the parent is consciously or unconsciously seductive , and the child 's early fantasies are not mediated and finally renounced , the young person can remain fixated in love like the Brünnhildes and Queen Bees mentioned earlier in this chapter .
when the parent is consciously or unconsciously seductive , and the child 's early fantasies are not mediated and finally renounced , the young person can [stay] fixated in love like the brünnhildes and queen bees mentioned earlier in this chapter .

Although the partners may remain dependent on their marriage and committed to the arrangement either for provision of a little-used but resplendent home , or for earnings to support the acquired life style , little may be shared between them socially and emotionally .
although the partners may [stay] dependent on their marriage and committed to the arrangement either for provision of a little-used but resplendent home , or for earnings to support the acquired life style , little may be shared between them socially and emotionally .

And when the ā gri goes inside they remain fixed for an instant on the li ga and the ground around it , with the four white bodies , and the separate wide-eyed heads , and the stains of blood going brown already in the trampled grass .
and when the ā gri goes inside they [stay] fixed for an instant on the li ga and the ground around it , with the four white bodies , and the separate wide-eyed heads , and the stains of blood going brown already in the trampled grass .

Yet there remain some continuities , echoes of the past pathologies of urban life .
yet there [stay] some continuities , echoes of the past pathologies of urban life .

Whilst this partnership should ensure that social housing provision does not simply remain a well-intentioned plan , two cautionary notes about social housing provision generally need sounding .
whilst this partnership should ensure that social housing provision does not simply [stay] a well-intentioned plan , two cautionary notes about social housing provision generally need sounding .

Community led economic initiatives remain a badly organised feature of urban policy targets .
community led economic initiatives [stay] a badly organised feature of urban policy targets .

James , when he finally reached Corunna , was to remain there until a successful lodgement in England had been made .
james , when he finally reached corunna , was to [stay] there until a successful lodgement in england had been made .

This time , however , his dozen men engulfed by thousands of Highlanders , Molloy was forced to surrender , on favourable terms , the victorious Jacobites eagerly seizing his stock of food and then using its own gunpowder to demolish the barracks ; the resulting ruins remain to this day .
this time , however , his dozen men engulfed by thousands of highlanders , molloy was forced to surrender , on favourable terms , the victorious jacobites eagerly seizing his stock of food and then using its own gunpowder to demolish the barracks ; the resulting ruins [stay] to this day .

The partners remain sanguine about speculation that their tenure of the company they founded is coming to an end .
the partners [stay] sanguine about speculation that their tenure of the company they founded is coming to an end .

On 11 May , an order went out for German refugees to remain in their houses .
on 11 may , an order went out for german refugees to [stay] in their houses .

It was clear that the records department could not remain in London .
it was clear that the records department could not [stay] in london .

It also includes those who prefer to remain unemployed , believing that their incomes from social security benefits do not make it worthwhile to take up a job .
it also includes those who prefer to [stay] unemployed , believing that their incomes from social security benefits do not make it worthwhile to take up a job .

4.11 on the assumption that real labour costs remain unchanged .
4.11 on the assumption that real labour costs [stay] unchanged .

For example , if progressive income tax rates ( or thresholds ) are not adjusted , more and more people will be pushed into higher tax bands because of rises in their money incomes even though their real incomes remain unchanged .
for example , if progressive income tax rates ( or thresholds ) are not adjusted , more and more people will be pushed into higher tax bands because of rises in their money incomes even though their real incomes [stay] unchanged .

One result of this method of expectation formation is that the expected rate of inflation always lags behind the actual rate ; though if the actual rate should remain constant , the expected rate would eventually come to equal it .
one result of this method of expectation formation is that the expected rate of inflation always lags behind the actual rate ; though if the actual rate should [stay] constant , the expected rate would eventually come to equal it .

These latter would normally have to reduce their rates in order to remain competitive — or ultimately go out of business .
these latter would normally have to reduce their rates in order to [stay] competitive — or ultimately go out of business .

There is also the temptation to remain financially dependent on parents .
there is also the temptation to [stay] financially dependent on parents .

There are several scriptures involved , such as Romans 13:8 which tells us , ‘ Let no debt remain outstanding , except the continuing debt to love one another .
there are several scriptures involved , such as romans 13:8 which tells us , ‘ let no debt [stay] outstanding , except the continuing debt to love one another .

To cling to a Polish identity was to exclude oneself from the German monopoly on higher education and from all but menial employment in industry ; given the rapid depopulation of the countryside it was also to insist on the right to become and remain part of a backward , ignorant , illiterate , inward-looking agrarian people , stuck in a rural backwater with no access to the outside world , with scant interest from that world and little hope of progress .
to cling to a polish identity was to exclude oneself from the german monopoly on higher education and from all but menial employment in industry ; given the rapid depopulation of the countryside it was also to insist on the right to become and [stay] part of a backward , ignorant , illiterate , inward-looking agrarian people , stuck in a rural backwater with no access to the outside world , with scant interest from that world and little hope of progress .

He identified totally with the Prussian cause , and if to remain exactly as you are is an ambition , then he identified with Junker ambition too .
he identified totally with the prussian cause , and if to [stay] exactly as you are is an ambition , then he identified with junker ambition too .

The inflation of land prices encouraged farmers who wanted to remain in the east to sell to the Commission only to buy the same land back again at a reduced price and pocket the difference .
the inflation of land prices encouraged farmers who wanted to [stay] in the east to sell to the commission only to buy the same land back again at a reduced price and pocket the difference .

Yet to a very large extent German efforts were contradictory : Völkisch opinion wished Germany to remain as it was and yet somehow to return to the past ; they wanted to return to the past yet at the same time wished for the power to behave as they pleased .
yet to a very large extent german efforts were contradictory : völkisch opinion wished germany to [stay] as it was and yet somehow to return to the past ; they wanted to return to the past yet at the same time wished for the power to behave as they pleased .

Indeed there were also sizeable groups of Poles in Pomerania , East Prussia and Silesia who saw very clearly that passing under the administration of the new Polish state would mean a severe drop in their standard of living and who preferred to remain as second-class citizens under German administration .
indeed there were also sizeable groups of poles in pomerania , east prussia and silesia who saw very clearly that passing under the administration of the new polish state would mean a severe drop in their standard of living and who preferred to [stay] as second-class citizens under german administration .

In the Allenstein-Marienwerder district , just south of Danzig , there was a massive vote of 460,000 to remain with Germany and only 16,000 to move under Polish administration .
in the allenstein-marienwerder district , just south of danzig , there was a massive vote of 460,000 to [stay] with germany and only 16,000 to move under polish administration .

In February 1937 Marshal Göring visited Marshal Śmigły-Rydz in Warsaw and assured him that Germany had absolutely no territorial claims on the Polish Corridor and that Danzig , though ‘ eternally bound ’ to Poland by trade , would remain a Free City .
in february 1937 marshal göring visited marshal śmigły-rydz in warsaw and assured him that germany had absolutely no territorial claims on the polish corridor and that danzig , though ‘ eternally bound ’ to poland by trade , would [stay] a free city .

And the effort to remain emotionally , morally or intellectually well can itself be crippling .
and the effort to [stay] emotionally , morally or intellectually well can itself be crippling .

It must remain at ease all the time or the task will become more difficult .
it must [stay] at ease all the time or the task will become more difficult .

It will remain docile .
it will [stay] docile .

It has been suggested that unless females are mated they remain in season for very long periods and lose condition and strength to the point where they die .
it has been suggested that unless females are mated they [stay] in season for very long periods and lose condition and strength to the point where they die .

There is no way you can dig around major roots and there , therefore , is another situation in which you are forced to rely on the rabbits being bolted , recognising that you can not thereafter kill those which remain behind in the system .
there is no way you can dig around major roots and there , therefore , is another situation in which you are forced to rely on the rabbits being bolted , recognising that you can not thereafter kill those which [stay] behind in the system .

This stage will come to an end with some of the ferrets staying above ground while others remain underground working on rabbits they have cornered .
this stage will come to an end with some of the ferrets staying above ground while others [stay] underground working on rabbits they have cornered .

If other rabbits remain down there just repeat the process until they have all been caught .
if other rabbits [stay] down there just repeat the process until they have all been caught .

There must not be space for the ferret to get around the outside of the cage and remain free .
there must not be space for the ferret to get around the outside of the cage and [stay] free .

It will remain in the pit to await your prompt attention .
it will [stay] in the pit to await your prompt attention .

Until that time guns should remain broken .
until that time guns should [stay] broken .

These will remain warm and will be the places other rabbits displaced from less comfortable quarters move into .
these will [stay] warm and will be the places other rabbits displaced from less comfortable quarters move into .

So look for areas where root crops have been harvested but where the green tops remain , pastures , and indeed anywhere where green food is evident .
so look for areas where root crops have been harvested but where the green tops [stay] , pastures , and indeed anywhere where green food is evident .

One person must remain at the nets all the time to deal with the rabbits as they become entangled .
one person must [stay] at the nets all the time to deal with the rabbits as they become entangled .

In the wild this may allow them to escape as the predator may lose interest in them , but in the laboratory the length of time they remain in this state before righting themselves is a good measure of their fear level .
in the wild this may allow them to escape as the predator may lose interest in them , but in the laboratory the length of time they [stay] in this state before righting themselves is a good measure of their fear level .

He was glad to be transferred to the Army Education Corps after about a year , to discourse , with the rank of sergeant , to soldiers on topics such as ‘ why Turkey will remain neutral ’ , ‘ why Japan has entered the war ’ and so on .
he was glad to be transferred to the army education corps after about a year , to discourse , with the rank of sergeant , to soldiers on topics such as ‘ why turkey will [stay] neutral ’ , ‘ why japan has entered the war ’ and so on .

Long may he remain to provide an exemplar .
long may he [stay] to provide an exemplar .

Like the family support in sudden infant death cases , the nurses remain in touch with the family as long as they are needed .
like the family support in sudden infant death cases , the nurses [stay] in touch with the family as long as they are needed .

Memories of boyhood days would not be complete without mention of some of the boys with whom we played , boys we grew up with , and who to this day remain our good friends — the life-long friends of Jerry and me .
memories of boyhood days would not be complete without mention of some of the boys with whom we played , boys we grew up with , and who to this day [stay] our good friends — the life-long friends of jerry and me .

The following five-star rudies preferred to remain resolutely out of touch …
the following five-star rudies preferred to [stay] resolutely out of touch …

The Home Support Project was both an action project ( to provide a service for elderly people with dementia which would help those who wished to remain at home rather than be admitted to an institution ) and a research project ( to evaluate the success of the action project ) .
the home support project was both an action project ( to provide a service for elderly people with dementia which would help those who wished to [stay] at home rather than be admitted to an institution ) and a research project ( to evaluate the success of the action project ) .

They showed not only that for most elderly people the costs of community care were considerably lower than those of institutional care ( and that home care would therefore remain cost-effective for many even if service provision were greatly increased , when the alternative was admission to an institution ) , but also that community care was not necessarily cheaper , and that there were some elderly people for whom institutional care would be less expensive ( though not necessarily to be advocated solely on that account ) .
they showed not only that for most elderly people the costs of community care were considerably lower than those of institutional care ( and that home care would therefore [stay] cost-effective for many even if service provision were greatly increased , when the alternative was admission to an institution ) , but also that community care was not necessarily cheaper , and that there were some elderly people for whom institutional care would be less expensive ( though not necessarily to be advocated solely on that account ) .

The development officers themselves became concerned about the low level of statutory services in their areas , and concluded that the Home Support Project might have to provide considerable input to fill the gap between what statutory services could provide and what the dementia sufferer might need in order to remain at home .
the development officers themselves became concerned about the low level of statutory services in their areas , and concluded that the home support project might have to provide considerable input to fill the gap between what statutory services could provide and what the dementia sufferer might need in order to [stay] at home .

The home help service would not lock clients in their homes ; its view being that such people should not remain at home if they needed locking in .
the home help service would not lock clients in their homes ; its view being that such people should not [stay] at home if they needed locking in .

The major objective of the whole project was to examine this question , and it is clearly of great relevance , not only to dementia sufferers and their carers , who on the whole are known to prefer the sufferer to remain at home ( see Levin , 1983 ) but also to service-providers and policymakers anxious to explore the extent to which the pressure towards community care can be implemented in practice .
the major objective of the whole project was to examine this question , and it is clearly of great relevance , not only to dementia sufferers and their carers , who on the whole are known to prefer the sufferer to [stay] at home ( see levin , 1983 ) but also to service-providers and policymakers anxious to explore the extent to which the pressure towards community care can be implemented in practice .

To create an even greater homogeneity we excluded also all those who were doubly incontinent at referral ( since we know that the project found such people very hard to support ; see Chapter Seven ) , and all those whose condition — either mental or physical — was deemed too poor at referral for them to remain at home at all .
to create an even greater homogeneity we excluded also all those who were doubly incontinent at referral ( since we know that the project found such people very hard to support ; see chapter seven ) , and all those whose condition — either mental or physical — was deemed too poor at referral for them to [stay] at home at all .

It was mainly from among those with a principal carer who wanted the dementia sufferer to remain at home that those who did remain at home were to be found ( if one excludes those who died or moved away , and compares place of care for those whose principal carer said initially that he or she preferred home or institutional care the difference between the two groups is significant at the 0.001 level ) .
it was mainly from among those with a principal carer who wanted the dementia sufferer to [stay] at home that those who did [stay] at home were to be found ( if one excludes those who died or moved away , and compares place of care for those whose principal carer said initially that he or she preferred home or institutional care the difference between the two groups is significant at the 0.001 level ) .

For example one woman set fire to her kitchen accidentally and the carer , her neighbour , realised that it would not be safe for her to remain at home ; another carer , a husband , found himself becoming so stressed that he struck his wife ; he then requested institutional care .
for example one woman set fire to her kitchen accidentally and the carer , her neighbour , realised that it would not be safe for her to [stay] at home ; another carer , a husband , found himself becoming so stressed that he struck his wife ; he then requested institutional care .

Of the three action sample carers , two had moved towards a preference for home care : Mrs Cummings ' daughter-in-law , though appearing ambivalent , said she was happy for Mrs Cummings to remain at home now that the project , and the services it had generated , had made caring for her mother-in-law so much easier ; and Mrs Cowan 's son-in-law said : ‘ she likes her own home so she 's entitled to stay there ’ .
of the three action sample carers , two had moved towards a preference for home care : mrs cummings ' daughter-in-law , though appearing ambivalent , said she was happy for mrs cummings to [stay] at home now that the project , and the services it had generated , had made caring for her mother-in-law so much easier ; and mrs cowan 's son-in-law said : ‘ she likes her own home so she 's entitled to stay there ’ .

Turning now to those carers who said in their first interview that they wanted their relative to remain at home , one would expect that those in the action sample would be more likely to have retained that preference than those in the control sample ( assuming that the project has provided extra home care when needed and therefore indirectly or directly assisted or relieved the principal carers ) .
turning now to those carers who said in their first interview that they wanted their relative to [stay] at home , one would expect that those in the action sample would be more likely to have retained that preference than those in the control sample ( assuming that the project has provided extra home care when needed and therefore indirectly or directly assisted or relieved the principal carers ) .

For in both action and control samples the majority still stated , one year later , that they wanted the dementia sufferer to remain at home : only one in the action sample , and two in the control sample stating a clear preference for institutional care .
for in both action and control samples the majority still stated , one year later , that they wanted the dementia sufferer to [stay] at home : only one in the action sample , and two in the control sample stating a clear preference for institutional care .

However , as stated above , nine out of the 11 in the action sample who said at second interview that they continued to prefer home care gave much more unequivocal answers ; stating not merely that they would not like the dementia sufferer to be in institutional care , or that they would feel guilty about him or her going into residential care ( as did the carers of Miss Wainwright and Mrs Nolan ) , but also that home was where they envisaged and wanted the sufferer to remain .
however , as stated above , nine out of the 11 in the action sample who said at second interview that they continued to prefer home care gave much more unequivocal answers ; stating not merely that they would not like the dementia sufferer to be in institutional care , or that they would feel guilty about him or her going into residential care ( as did the carers of miss wainwright and mrs nolan ) , but also that home was where they envisaged and wanted the sufferer to [stay] .

It was suggested in Chapter Four that people who possessed three specific characteristics would have been highly unlikely to remain at home for any length of time .
it was suggested in chapter four that people who possessed three specific characteristics would have been highly unlikely to [stay] at home for any length of time .

This table shows that those whom we predicted as unlikely to remain at home for long without project support were in general relatively expensive to care for at home .
this table shows that those whom we predicted as unlikely to [stay] at home for long without project support were in general relatively expensive to care for at home .

They remain useful house-cows well suited to harsher environments , though their beef potential is surprisingly good and is perhaps worthy of greater exploitation .
they [stay] useful house-cows well suited to harsher environments , though their beef potential is surprisingly good and is perhaps worthy of greater exploitation .

This is the only other Norwegian breed to remain separate from the Norwegian Red but it , too , is now very rare and being inseminated by the Red .
this is the only other norwegian breed to [stay] separate from the norwegian red but it , too , is now very rare and being inseminated by the red .

However , the British breeds are considered better for meat quality and taste and also for thrift and adaptability ; they remain in demand as sucklers , whereas the French and other large continental breeds are perhaps better suited as beef sires for commercial crossbreeding in dairy herds .
however , the british breeds are considered better for meat quality and taste and also for thrift and adaptability ; they [stay] in demand as sucklers , whereas the french and other large continental breeds are perhaps better suited as beef sires for commercial crossbreeding in dairy herds .

When you feel ready , both of you need to raise your right hand above the other 's upturned left hand , but it should remain loose and relaxed , not held stiffly because you will reduce any sensitivity .
when you feel ready , both of you need to raise your right hand above the other 's upturned left hand , but it should [stay] loose and relaxed , not held stiffly because you will reduce any sensitivity .

Winstanley was summoned to Paris , where Louis tried to persuade him to remain .
winstanley was summoned to paris , where louis tried to persuade him to [stay] .

These fish in the 1lb to 2lb class can be a hundred or more strong in a shoal , and if you begin catching this size of barbel it is likely they will remain in the swim , feeding off and on , for as long as you have bait to keep them interested .
these fish in the 1lb to 2lb class can be a hundred or more strong in a shoal , and if you begin catching this size of barbel it is likely they will [stay] in the swim , feeding off and on , for as long as you have bait to keep them interested .

Finely spread bait means they have to work hard for a meal and therefore remain in the swim for the maximum length of time .
finely spread bait means they have to work hard for a meal and therefore [stay] in the swim for the maximum length of time .

More often than not a shoal of big bream , particularly a small shoal of very big bream , does not remain in a swim for long .
more often than not a shoal of big bream , particularly a small shoal of very big bream , does not [stay] in a swim for long .

Casters are the better of the two for the reason that they sink and remain still on the bottom until they are eaten .
casters are the better of the two for the reason that they sink and [stay] still on the bottom until they are eaten .

Some of these remain , but most of the Central Government grant to local authorities is now in the form of the rate support grant and a grant known as a block grant , which involves the Secretary of State deciding the total sum to be paid to all local authorities ( after consultation with the local authority associations , and approval of the House of Commons ) and its apportionment .
some of these [stay] , but most of the central government grant to local authorities is now in the form of the rate support grant and a grant known as a block grant , which involves the secretary of state deciding the total sum to be paid to all local authorities ( after consultation with the local authority associations , and approval of the house of commons ) and its apportionment .

Yet , Eastman 's statement leads to another vital question that needs to be addressed . Why is it that structural ageism sanctions discrimination against older people and enables it to continue unnoticed on a daily basis , and remain unchanged over many years ? Further , how can this situation occur in a society which would consider itself to be both civilised and compassionate in its dealings with older people ?
yet , eastman 's statement leads to another vital question that needs to be addressed . why is it that structural ageism sanctions discrimination against older people and enables it to continue unnoticed on a daily basis , and [stay] unchanged over many years ? further , how can this situation occur in a society which would consider itself to be both civilised and compassionate in its dealings with older people ?

Although these negative attitudes remain , they are directed more at some groups than others .
although these negative attitudes [stay] , they are directed more at some groups than others .

They enable older people to remain in their own homes in comfort and security , assured that the buildings are warm and watertight .
they enable older people to [stay] in their own homes in comfort and security , assured that the buildings are warm and watertight .

Geriatric and psychogeriatric care remain low status and poorly resourced specialties .
geriatric and psychogeriatric care [stay] low status and poorly resourced specialties .

It is likely that disputes over the respective responsibilities of health and local authorities will intensify , and without substantial investment by the National Health Service in continuing care many older people will remain in inappropriate hospital care .
it is likely that disputes over the respective responsibilities of health and local authorities will intensify , and without substantial investment by the national health service in continuing care many older people will [stay] in inappropriate hospital care .

Professor Woolf argues that an older person purchasing a walking frame in order to remain on his or her feet is no less natural than a parent purchasing something similar for an infant learning to walk .
professor woolf argues that an older person purchasing a walking frame in order to [stay] on his or her feet is no less natural than a parent purchasing something similar for an infant learning to walk .

These basic and reasonable requirements suggest that although new shopping centres will remain inaccessible to shoppers without direct access to transport , such centres may well prove more attractive to older customers than the traditional High Street .
these basic and reasonable requirements suggest that although new shopping centres will [stay] inaccessible to shoppers without direct access to transport , such centres may well prove more attractive to older customers than the traditional high street .

By the end of the 1980s , however , the position had been reversed , with calls on older workers to remain in employment for as long as possible .
by the end of the 1980s , however , the position had been reversed , with calls on older workers to [stay] in employment for as long as possible .

They believe that it is too expensive an option , given that older workers will remain in employment for a shorter period than younger ones .
they believe that it is too expensive an option , given that older workers will [stay] in employment for a shorter period than younger ones .

It would still appear , therefore , that despite some initiatives jobs for older people remain a low priority .
it would still appear , therefore , that despite some initiatives jobs for older people [stay] a low priority .

The ‘ Apothegmata ’ or ‘ Sayings of the Fathers ’ remain a witness to the simplicity and depth of much of this guidance .
the ‘ apothegmata ’ or ‘ sayings of the fathers ’ [stay] a witness to the simplicity and depth of much of this guidance .

But Mr. Foster , who lost his deposit after failing to gain the required 5 percent , said : ‘ You can rest assured that the Green Party will remain active in East Hampshire .
but mr. foster , who lost his deposit after failing to gain the required 5 percent , said : ‘ you can rest assured that the green party will [stay] active in east hampshire .

He and his wife , Janet , the daughter of Phil and Vi Knight of Kingsley , want to remain living in Alton .
he and his wife , janet , the daughter of phil and vi knight of kingsley , want to [stay] living in alton .

These were truths and remain so in spite of the fallacious ideological baggage with which they are mixed up .
these were truths and [stay] so in spite of the fallacious ideological baggage with which they are mixed up .

The figures for Eden are incomplete , and those for Macmillan and Home remain a mystery which the current Cabinet Secretary refuses to resolve .
the figures for eden are incomplete , and those for macmillan and home [stay] a mystery which the current cabinet secretary refuses to resolve .

Connor put the blame for the ‘ hopeless ’ state of the books on Cripps who , on Chapman 's return in 1918 , was allowed to remain an assistant but , because of his alleged mismanagement , was forbidden to travel with the team .
connor put the blame for the ‘ hopeless ’ state of the books on cripps who , on chapman 's return in 1918 , was allowed to [stay] an assistant but , because of his alleged mismanagement , was forbidden to travel with the team .

Chapman brought to his new job his already extensive experience of industrial management , and Langley , reading between the lines , realized that such a dynamic personality would not remain an assistant for long .
chapman brought to his new job his already extensive experience of industrial management , and langley , reading between the lines , realized that such a dynamic personality would not [stay] an assistant for long .

As much as 85 % of the materials should be on open access , and stock relegated to store should remain there for a trial period of five years before being returned to the main library , or transferred to a permanent back-up collection such as the British Library .
as much as 85 % of the materials should be on open access , and stock relegated to store should [stay] there for a trial period of five years before being returned to the main library , or transferred to a permanent back-up collection such as the british library .

Periodicals remain by far the most important research tool for academics , both for current awareness scanning and for chasing up citations to individual articles .
periodicals [stay] by far the most important research tool for academics , both for current awareness scanning and for chasing up citations to individual articles .

Finally , by way of introduction , Ranganathan 's laws of librarianship remain valid to the study of library use : books are for use ; for every reader his book ; for every book its reader ; save the time of the user .
finally , by way of introduction , ranganathan 's laws of librarianship [stay] valid to the study of library use : books are for use ; for every reader his book ; for every book its reader ; save the time of the user .

After a section has been weeded , those books which are considered worth retaining in their existing form will remain on the shelves — one would hope , a substantial proportion .
after a section has been weeded , those books which are considered worth retaining in their existing form will [stay] on the shelves — one would hope , a substantial proportion .

Nonetheless , logistics problems of making books available in special and academic libraries remain , and warrant research .
nonetheless , logistics problems of making books available in special and academic libraries [stay] , and warrant research .

In any case it is important that librarians remain in close touch with the industry that produces their raw materials , through the literature , and through formal and informal contacts .
in any case it is important that librarians [stay] in close touch with the industry that produces their raw materials , through the literature , and through formal and informal contacts .

Because of the way most bureaux are structured , it is usually hard for the advice worker to remain blissfully unaware of the length of the queue .
because of the way most bureaux are structured , it is usually hard for the advice worker to [stay] blissfully unaware of the length of the queue .

Only five of these once plentiful buildings remain in Britain .
only five of these once plentiful buildings [stay] in britain .

Subsequently , iron ore was also mined at Boulby , and the foundations of a shanty town of corrugated iron huts , locally nicknamed ‘ Tin City ’ , remain where miners lived until the 1930s .
subsequently , iron ore was also mined at boulby , and the foundations of a shanty town of corrugated iron huts , locally nicknamed ‘ tin city ’ , [stay] where miners lived until the 1930s .

Timber staithes remain at this port on the River Tyne , some of the last such structures built in the nineteenth century as wharves for unloading coal from the railway on to waiting ships .
timber staithes [stay] at this port on the river tyne , some of the last such structures built in the nineteenth century as wharves for unloading coal from the railway on to waiting ships .

Few visible signs of such domestic industries remain , but the fine octagonal market house on the village green at Harrold is where work was distributed among the lace-makers , and where they brought the finished lace to be paid for by the employers .
few visible signs of such domestic industries [stay] , but the fine octagonal market house on the village green at harrold is where work was distributed among the lace-makers , and where they brought the finished lace to be paid for by the employers .

The tramway was finally abandoned in 1858 , but parts of it remain in situ , overgrown with grass and weeds , near the Manaton road .
the tramway was finally abandoned in 1858 , but parts of it [stay] in situ , overgrown with grass and weeds , near the manaton road .

At Kelston , north-west of the village centre , the buildings of a former brass mill remain , with the distinctive stone tapering chimneys of annealing furnaces beside the River Avon .
at kelston , north-west of the village centre , the buildings of a former brass mill [stay] , with the distinctive stone tapering chimneys of annealing furnaces beside the river avon .

Three rusted iron wheels remain at the site , but otherwise all that can be seen are foundations and watercourses .
three rusted iron wheels [stay] at the site , but otherwise all that can be seen are foundations and watercourses .

The basin is linked to three thousand miles of inland waterways , and so had a busy commercial life at one time , and a few of its old warehouses remain .
the basin is linked to three thousand miles of inland waterways , and so had a busy commercial life at one time , and a few of its old warehouses [stay] .

Nineteenth-century paper mills remain at Maidstone in an area long established as a paper-making centre .
nineteenth-century paper mills [stay] at maidstone in an area long established as a paper-making centre .

He pays her to remain in obscurity , fearing she may reveal the respectability of his origins .
he pays her to [stay] in obscurity , fearing she may reveal the respectability of his origins .

shady lawyer practising in the Insolvent Court , who ‘ arranges ’ Sam Weller 's imprisonment in the Fleet so that he may remain with Pickwick .
shady lawyer practising in the insolvent court , who ‘ arranges ’ sam weller 's imprisonment in the fleet so that he may [stay] with pickwick .

He acts as Clennam 's intermediary in securing Edward Dorrit 's release from prison as a debtor , as Clennam wishes to remain anonymous in the matter .
he acts as clennam 's intermediary in securing edward dorrit 's release from prison as a debtor , as clennam wishes to [stay] anonymous in the matter .

Because slaves can have their interests counted equitably and still remain in bondage .
because slaves can have their interests counted equitably and still [stay] in bondage .

But the fact remains that , for many business executives , the rights they have under their contract remain more valuable — certainly in hard cash terms .
but the fact remains that , for many business executives , the rights they have under their contract [stay] more valuable — certainly in hard cash terms .

It would not be fair for the warning to remain in force for an excessive period .
it would not be fair for the warning to [stay] in force for an excessive period .

There may be a redundancy even when your company 's requirements for work of a particular kind to be done remain the same .
there may be a redundancy even when your company 's requirements for work of a particular kind to be done [stay] the same .

This will be so where selection is for a ‘ trade union reason ’ , such as refusing to become or remain a member of a particular trade union ; or if you have been unjustifiably selected in contravention of a customary agreement or agreed procedure in respect of redundancies .
this will be so where selection is for a ‘ trade union reason ’ , such as refusing to become or [stay] a member of a particular trade union ; or if you have been unjustifiably selected in contravention of a customary agreement or agreed procedure in respect of redundancies .

At all times , you need to remain aware of the risk factors mentioned in the previous section .
at all times , you need to [stay] aware of the risk factors mentioned in the previous section .

Even after your job has clearly come to an end , you need to beware of breaking obligations that remain legally binding upon you , such as the duty not to disclose trade secrets .
even after your job has clearly come to an end , you need to beware of breaking obligations that [stay] legally binding upon you , such as the duty not to disclose trade secrets .

Though the Reformation brought an end to Grandison 's college , the medieval college houses were allowed to remain , and the collegiate church , to which a magnificent parish aisle had recently been added , was given over completely to the people of the town .
though the reformation brought an end to grandison 's college , the medieval college houses were allowed to [stay] , and the collegiate church , to which a magnificent parish aisle had recently been added , was given over completely to the people of the town .

While Poole was urging him to remain true above all to poetry , Coleridge still had no sense of a purely poetic , or even literary , vocation , and for the moment could offer only two vague plans for the future , ‘ the first impracticable — the second not likely to succeed ’ : he could ‘ make a portly Quarto ’ by translating all the works of Schiller , then set up a school at 100 guineas a head , or he could ‘ abjure Politics & carnal literature ’ altogether and become a dissenting parson .
while poole was urging him to [stay] true above all to poetry , coleridge still had no sense of a purely poetic , or even literary , vocation , and for the moment could offer only two vague plans for the future , ‘ the first impracticable — the second not likely to succeed ’ : he could ‘ make a portly quarto ’ by translating all the works of schiller , then set up a school at 100 guineas a head , or he could ‘ abjure politics & carnal literature ’ altogether and become a dissenting parson .

William and Dorothy Wordsworth arrived at Racedown Lodge one midnight near the end of September 1795 , and were to remain tenants there for almost two years .
william and dorothy wordsworth arrived at racedown lodge one midnight near the end of september 1795 , and were to [stay] tenants there for almost two years .

They knew only , as they retraced their steps through the deep woodland of the park , that they could no longer be content at Racedown , even had it been possible for them to remain there .
they knew only , as they retraced their steps through the deep woodland of the park , that they could no longer be content at racedown , even had it been possible for them to [stay] there .

Mrs St Albyn had before long heard the unpleasant rumours concerning the new tenants at Alfoxden , and ordered , in spite of Tom Poole 's intercession , that on no account should they remain at the mansion beyond the following midsummer .
mrs st albyn had before long heard the unpleasant rumours concerning the new tenants at alfoxden , and ordered , in spite of tom poole 's intercession , that on no account should they [stay] at the mansion beyond the following midsummer .

In the poem 's final radiant lines , his thoughts remain with Hartley , but are linked now to an evocation of the natural world of Stowey in all its beauty , even the strange beauty at work outside his cottage that February midnight , where ‘ silent icicles ’ are ‘ Quietly shining to the quiet Moon ’ .
in the poem 's final radiant lines , his thoughts [stay] with hartley , but are linked now to an evocation of the natural world of stowey in all its beauty , even the strange beauty at work outside his cottage that february midnight , where ‘ silent icicles ’ are ‘ quietly shining to the quiet moon ’ .

As the mother of two small children , the youngest hardly a month old , her eventual decision to remain at Stowey was clearly sensible .
as the mother of two small children , the youngest hardly a month old , her eventual decision to [stay] at stowey was clearly sensible .

Sadly the real contents of the phial will have to remain a mystery as the Roman Catholic church adamantly refuses to open the phial for scientific investigation , but as the Archbishop performed the rite last year and said ‘ … no chemist has yet been able to reproduce this phenomenon ’ , the Italian chemists were chuckling .
sadly the real contents of the phial will have to [stay] a mystery as the roman catholic church adamantly refuses to open the phial for scientific investigation , but as the archbishop performed the rite last year and said ‘ … no chemist has yet been able to reproduce this phenomenon ’ , the italian chemists were chuckling .

On the prospect of engineering ‘ babies à la carte ’ , for example , he says little more than ‘ the temptation will remain ’ .
on the prospect of engineering ‘ babies à la carte ’ , for example , he says little more than ‘ the temptation will [stay] ’ .

No government warning on food issued over the past few years has been rescinded , but most people prefer to forget them , whilst sources of food poisoning remain unstopped .
no government warning on food issued over the past few years has been rescinded , but most people prefer to forget them , whilst sources of food poisoning [stay] unstopped .

As long as fluid intake remains adequate to compensate for ensuing polyuria the blood volume will remain expanded with resultant elevation of cardiac output and thus blood pressure .
as long as fluid intake remains adequate to compensate for ensuing polyuria the blood volume will [stay] expanded with resultant elevation of cardiac output and thus blood pressure .

In the first minute of the plug formation the platelets retain their granules and remain loosely packed .
in the first minute of the plug formation the platelets retain their granules and [stay] loosely packed .

Although there are several possible explanations for these findings as reviewed by Skaer ( 1981 ) , it is possible that some α-granules may remain refractory to secretory stimuli .
although there are several possible explanations for these findings as reviewed by skaer ( 1981 ) , it is possible that some α-granules may [stay] refractory to secretory stimuli .

Despite increasing numbers of research communications concerned with platelet function in the diabetic there remain many conflicting reports and unresolved questions .
despite increasing numbers of research communications concerned with platelet function in the diabetic there [stay] many conflicting reports and unresolved questions .

However , the possible physiological roles for β-thromboglobulin and platelet factor 4 remain to be determined .
however , the possible physiological roles for β-thromboglobulin and platelet factor 4 [stay] to be determined .

However , although there have been tremendous developments in this field there remain many unanswered questions .
however , although there have been tremendous developments in this field there [stay] many unanswered questions .

If not , the pore spaces remain isolated ‘ vugs ’ .
if not , the pore spaces [stay] isolated ‘ vugs ’ .

Cross-relating each activity from the model to the existing functions indicated that a number of these could remain virtually unchanged , in particular those concerned with organising academic resources and delivering courses .
cross-relating each activity from the model to the existing functions indicated that a number of these could [stay] virtually unchanged , in particular those concerned with organising academic resources and delivering courses .

In these cases , the curvature scalars remain bounded on the hypersurface , and scalar polynomial curvature singularities occur in the extensions of the solution through the focusing singularity .
in these cases , the curvature scalars [stay] bounded on the hypersurface , and scalar polynomial curvature singularities occur in the extensions of the solution through the focusing singularity .

Thus , when a doctor asks for an X-ray or path lab test , or prescribes drugs , or decides that a patient should remain in hospital for a further two days , he is making a financial as well as a clinical decision .
thus , when a doctor asks for an x-ray or path lab test , or prescribes drugs , or decides that a patient should [stay] in hospital for a further two days , he is making a financial as well as a clinical decision .

Regions too have attempted to develop their own information strategies . However , two overriding problems remain :
regions too have attempted to develop their own information strategies . however , two overriding problems [stay] :

For a few ( general managers ) they are inspirational , but for many they remain superficial , the focus of entrenched scepticism .
for a few ( general managers ) they are inspirational , but for many they [stay] superficial , the focus of entrenched scepticism .

This became a challenge for managers in the 1980s who had been recruited in the more consensual 1960s and 1970s , and it will remain a feature of the next decade .
this became a challenge for managers in the 1980s who had been recruited in the more consensual 1960s and 1970s , and it will [stay] a feature of the next decade .

It must remain true , however , that this potentially valuable ability to obtain execution in rem was limited to certain cases .
it must [stay] true , however , that this potentially valuable ability to obtain execution in rem was limited to certain cases .

The workings of cognitio seem to have continued much as before , so the beneficiary of a trust would remain able to obtain specific performance .
the workings of cognitio seem to have continued much as before , so the beneficiary of a trust would [stay] able to obtain specific performance .

Rather more than ten of Scaevola 's cases may be explained by their origins in the words of laymen , or as possible glosses or interpolations : just under forty remain .
rather more than ten of scaevola 's cases may be explained by their origins in the words of laymen , or as possible glosses or interpolations : just under forty [stay] .

Five cases or so remain , for which no explanation has been given .
five cases or so [stay] , for which no explanation has been given .

‘ The real singer of that name was indisposed , and was likely to remain so for some time .
‘ the real singer of that name was indisposed , and was likely to [stay] so for some time .

He ordered a dozen men to remain in the house whilst the rest of the company set about the business of rousing the neighbourhood with enquiry .
he ordered a dozen men to [stay] in the house whilst the rest of the company set about the business of rousing the neighbourhood with enquiry .

He must remain on guard .
he must [stay] on guard .

How many men were there in Vienna known to Fräulein Müller , who were likely to be on the scene when needed , and now preferred to remain anonymous ?
how many men were there in vienna known to fräulein müller , who were likely to be on the scene when needed , and now preferred to [stay] anonymous ?

Better , far better , for it to remain a dream .
better , far better , for it to [stay] a dream .

Without the will for self-examination and the desire to change ourselves , we can make no progress ; we remain stuck in our types , experiencing only what that type allows and learning nothing new about ourselves or life .
without the will for self-examination and the desire to change ourselves , we can make no progress ; we [stay] stuck in our types , experiencing only what that type allows and learning nothing new about ourselves or life .

Always remain polite and courteous , even if the sale fails .
always [stay] polite and courteous , even if the sale fails .

The protection afforded by pellets has already been mentioned , and bone that is left in pellets or scats is protected from many modifying agents for as long as the pellets and scats remain intact .
the protection afforded by pellets has already been mentioned , and bone that is left in pellets or scats is protected from many modifying agents for as long as the pellets and scats [stay] intact .

All the bones remain intact , but slight splitting has occurred , for instance on the femur ( Fig .
all the bones [stay] intact , but slight splitting has occurred , for instance on the femur ( fig .

Decay sets in if soft tissues remain , and the bones may be dispersed by wind , water or trampling ; or the carcases may be scavenged by predators , with results indistinguishable from the primary effects of predation .
decay sets in if soft tissues [stay] , and the bones may be dispersed by wind , water or trampling ; or the carcases may be scavenged by predators , with results indistinguishable from the primary effects of predation .

If the bones remain on the surface of the ground for a long time , weathering may occur resulting in splitting and cracking of the bone and incipient flaking .
if the bones [stay] on the surface of the ground for a long time , weathering may occur resulting in splitting and cracking of the bone and incipient flaking .

The European eagle owl is close to the snowy owl , showing that the bones of its prey remain relatively intact .
the european eagle owl is close to the snowy owl , showing that the bones of its prey [stay] relatively intact .

There remain to be considered the three species for which there is an apparent excess of isolated teeth .
there [stay] to be considered the three species for which there is an apparent excess of isolated teeth .

So little bone and teeth remain in buzzard and red kite pellets after digestion , even though prey is known to have been ingested whole , that usable samples are not produced .
so little bone and teeth [stay] in buzzard and red kite pellets after digestion , even though prey is known to have been ingested whole , that usable samples are not produced .

The works production shops were to remain laid out in the form described for progressive building and repairing , only marginally altering over the years to accommodate new designs and techniques , such as the Stanier all steel body panelling design of the early 1930s .
the works production shops were to [stay] laid out in the form described for progressive building and repairing , only marginally altering over the years to accommodate new designs and techniques , such as the stanier all steel body panelling design of the early 1930s .

Jack Alderson appeared in every League fixture and his record of only conceding 34 goals in a full League season was to remain far and away the best by any Palace goalkeeper for over half a century .
jack alderson appeared in every league fixture and his record of only conceding 34 goals in a full league season was to [stay] far and away the best by any palace goalkeeper for over half a century .

He was very much the prime reason for Palace 's success in climbing out of Division Four in 1960–61 and Johnny 's 30 League goals for us that season remain Palace 's post-war scoring record for a single season to this day .
he was very much the prime reason for palace 's success in climbing out of division four in 1960–61 and johnny 's 30 league goals for us that season [stay] palace 's post-war scoring record for a single season to this day .

His 259 Palace appearances keep him high on our all-time charts while his 90 League goals still remain the club record in the post-war era .
his 259 palace appearances keep him high on our all-time charts while his 90 league goals still [stay] the club record in the post-war era .

While the United States is not altogether unique in this regard , it should be noted that the rhetoric of the classroom tends to be ‘ progressive and liberal ’ while the practice tends to remain ‘ traditional and conservative ’ .
while the united states is not altogether unique in this regard , it should be noted that the rhetoric of the classroom tends to be ‘ progressive and liberal ’ while the practice tends to [stay] ‘ traditional and conservative ’ .

Most Danish pupils remain in the same class group for all subjects for all nine or 10 years of their primary and lower secondary education … .
most danish pupils [stay] in the same class group for all subjects for all nine or 10 years of their primary and lower secondary education … .

If teachers remain sceptical it is in part because many actors at all levels ( including the Secretary of State himself ) still think simply in terms of adding ( a ) to ( b ) and ( c ) without modifying the relations between them .
if teachers [stay] sceptical it is in part because many actors at all levels ( including the secretary of state himself ) still think simply in terms of adding ( a ) to ( b ) and ( c ) without modifying the relations between them .

if your thoughts remain lofty , if a fine
if your thoughts [stay] lofty , if a fine

We must remain wary .
we must [stay] wary .

The old problems and challenges of leadership remain .
the old problems and challenges of leadership [stay] .

How many of the criticisms and problems of the National Curriculum remain — or more accurately how many appear unlikely to be solved soon ? It should be recognised that many of the problems that face us are not a result of the National Curriculum ; they have existed in the curriculum for decades .
how many of the criticisms and problems of the national curriculum [stay] — or more accurately how many appear unlikely to be solved soon ? it should be recognised that many of the problems that face us are not a result of the national curriculum ; they have existed in the curriculum for decades .

Much rests on cross-curricular elements , but unless enmeshed as an integral part of the overall curriculum , assessment and testing systems which will give them parity of esteem with other elements , they are likely to be ignored , or to remain peripheral .
much rests on cross-curricular elements , but unless enmeshed as an integral part of the overall curriculum , assessment and testing systems which will give them parity of esteem with other elements , they are likely to be ignored , or to [stay] peripheral .

Omissions remain , of course .
omissions [stay] , of course .

The industrial revolution changed the scene dramatically and animals for transport gave way to horses kept for sport and pleasure while the success of veterinary surgeons in raising the health standards of agricultural animals ensured that their services would remain in demand .
the industrial revolution changed the scene dramatically and animals for transport gave way to horses kept for sport and pleasure while the success of veterinary surgeons in raising the health standards of agricultural animals ensured that their services would [stay] in demand .

The concept clearly was meant to establish a College in the broad sense of a learned foundation , whereas what emerged almost inevitably , from the actual circumstances of its establishment and funding , degenerated into what was to remain for a century basically and predominantly a horse infirmary .
the concept clearly was meant to establish a college in the broad sense of a learned foundation , whereas what emerged almost inevitably , from the actual circumstances of its establishment and funding , degenerated into what was to [stay] for a century basically and predominantly a horse infirmary .

He also suggested that a College pupil should be in residence at Woolwich , to remain there until the farriers were ‘ sufficiently instructed in the treatment of disease ’ .
he also suggested that a college pupil should be in residence at woolwich , to [stay] there until the farriers were ‘ sufficiently instructed in the treatment of disease ’ .

Even if the outcomes remain at the level of measurable behaviour the possibilities for partners to arrive at different interpretations of what has been ‘ agreed ’ are considerable .
even if the outcomes [stay] at the level of measurable behaviour the possibilities for partners to arrive at different interpretations of what has been ‘ agreed ’ are considerable .

Partnership in operation can release physical and financial resources that otherwise would remain obscured .
partnership in operation can release physical and financial resources that otherwise would [stay] obscured .

Successive governments have had their reform policies but many of the misgivings remain .
successive governments have had their reform policies but many of the misgivings [stay] .

Many partnerships , of course , are characterised by much more superficial , less close relationships between education and business where , crucially , activities remain largely separate from the mainstream activities of both and owned only by those individuals who are involved rather their organisations .
many partnerships , of course , are characterised by much more superficial , less close relationships between education and business where , crucially , activities [stay] largely separate from the mainstream activities of both and owned only by those individuals who are involved rather their organisations .

You may believe , for example , that you have the right to speak your mind and from this will follow certain ways of behaving that will differ markedly from someone who believes they have the right to remain silent .
you may believe , for example , that you have the right to speak your mind and from this will follow certain ways of behaving that will differ markedly from someone who believes they have the right to [stay] silent .

Here are four suggestions to help you remain aware of your own behaviour and opportunities for its modification and improvement :
here are four suggestions to help you [stay] aware of your own behaviour and opportunities for its modification and improvement :

Suppression is a way of hiding your true feelings so that they remain an internal experience but do n't manifest themselves in your behaviour .
suppression is a way of hiding your true feelings so that they [stay] an internal experience but do n't manifest themselves in your behaviour .

Remain aloof and do n't touch the other person .
[stay] aloof and do n't touch the other person .

The joint boards created in the wake of the abolition of the metropolitan county councils in England to cover such activities as strategic planning , fire and police services , for example , point in this direction , while the major development agencies in Wales and Scotland ( and Northern Ireland ) also suggest that regional bases for political negotiations remain important .
the joint boards created in the wake of the abolition of the metropolitan county councils in england to cover such activities as strategic planning , fire and police services , for example , point in this direction , while the major development agencies in wales and scotland ( and northern ireland ) also suggest that regional bases for political negotiations [stay] important .

At a theoretical level there remain some problems with this analysis .
at a theoretical level there [stay] some problems with this analysis .

The implications of this change , however , remain contentious .
the implications of this change , however , [stay] contentious .

This chapter will follow up this theme , and remain focused at the local level .
this chapter will follow up this theme , and [stay] focused at the local level .

Although radical politics of this kind remain in the minority , for both left and right , their development means that councils can experience large changes in their policies whilst remaining under the control of the same party - so increasing political variation at the local level .
although radical politics of this kind [stay] in the minority , for both left and right , their development means that councils can experience large changes in their policies whilst remaining under the control of the same party - so increasing political variation at the local level .

Governors need to know that savings remain with the school and that losses are immediately deducted from the next year 's budget total ; they must hold it important to understand the whole budget and grasp the concept of virement .
governors need to know that savings [stay] with the school and that losses are immediately deducted from the next year 's budget total ; they must hold it important to understand the whole budget and grasp the concept of virement .

He knew that if he kept under the trees , he should be able to crest the Monument yet remain hidden from the mysterious workers .
he knew that if he kept under the trees , he should be able to crest the monument yet [stay] hidden from the mysterious workers .

Producers are more likely to remain within their own national markets where they are familiar with the rules and standards to which their production facilities are adapted .
producers are more likely to [stay] within their own national markets where they are familiar with the rules and standards to which their production facilities are adapted .

It is important to note that these authorities remain free to demand more stringent standards of the companies for which they are responsible , but may not do so in respect of those firms trading in the member state but authorised in another member state .
it is important to note that these authorities [stay] free to demand more stringent standards of the companies for which they are responsible , but may not do so in respect of those firms trading in the member state but authorised in another member state .

Host member states remain competent in an important respect .
host member states [stay] competent in an important respect .

Otherwise , such business will remain subject to the Own Funds and Solvency Ratio Directives .
otherwise , such business will [stay] subject to the own funds and solvency ratio directives .

It is generally recognised at Community level that it is both inequitable and contrary to the objectives of a single market for certain firms in the Community to be immune from the commercial benefits and burdens of being taken over or to be able artificially to create methods to defend themselves from takeovers , while firms from other member states remain vulnerable .
it is generally recognised at community level that it is both inequitable and contrary to the objectives of a single market for certain firms in the community to be immune from the commercial benefits and burdens of being taken over or to be able artificially to create methods to defend themselves from takeovers , while firms from other member states [stay] vulnerable .

the management of a takeover company must remain neutral
the management of a takeover company must [stay] neutral

There will be no concentration if the joint venture is cooperative , that is , if it is an operation that has ‘ the object or effect of co-ordinating the competitive behaviour of undertakings which remain independent ’ .
there will be no concentration if the joint venture is cooperative , that is , if it is an operation that has ‘ the object or effect of co-ordinating the competitive behaviour of undertakings which [stay] independent ’ .

We summarise below the scope and development of those doctrines , before examining the extent to which they remain applicable in the context of the Merger Regulation .
we summarise below the scope and development of those doctrines , before examining the extent to which they [stay] applicable in the context of the merger regulation .

However , Articles 85 and 86 remain of potential relevance in the following situations :
however , articles 85 and 86 [stay] of potential relevance in the following situations :

This will be the case where the acquiring and target companies remain independent and the acquisition leads , or may lead , to a co-ordination of their competitive behaviour .
this will be the case where the acquiring and target companies [stay] independent and the acquisition leads , or may lead , to a co-ordination of their competitive behaviour .

You will face semi-starvation for the rest of your life if you remain sedentary and want to control your weight .
you will face semi-starvation for the rest of your life if you [stay] sedentary and want to control your weight .

During aerobic walking your heart and breathing rates increase , level out , then remain there for the duration of the exercise .
during aerobic walking your heart and breathing rates increase , level out , then [stay] there for the duration of the exercise .

This will ensure that you remain within your aerobic range .
this will ensure that you [stay] within your aerobic range .

‘ Miss Claybury , the most successful way to treat insanity is with kindness , ’ James told her when she insisted that a particularly deranged woman of middle age should remain chained by the ankle to her bed .
‘ miss claybury , the most successful way to treat insanity is with kindness , ’ james told her when she insisted that a particularly deranged woman of middle age should [stay] chained by the ankle to her bed .

It is anticipated that intelligent testing should help significantly in reducing the ‘ no fault found ’ by trapping faults that currently remain undetected with more conventional approaches to fault finding .
it is anticipated that intelligent testing should help significantly in reducing the ‘ no fault found ’ by trapping faults that currently [stay] undetected with more conventional approaches to fault finding .

The head of the House of Niccolò , who had considerable reservations himself about Father Ludovico da Bologna , was content enough to remain unmolested through the Mass , and the procession back to the Palace , and even the banquet itself , although that presented different pitfalls .
the head of the house of niccolò , who had considerable reservations himself about father ludovico da bologna , was content enough to [stay] unmolested through the mass , and the procession back to the palace , and even the banquet itself , although that presented different pitfalls .

Vander Poele will remain .
vander poele will [stay] .

Nicholas had asked to remain .
nicholas had asked to [stay] .

We are allowing our four men to remain at the Palace .
we are allowing our four men to [stay] at the palace .

Even if she were finally cleared by Nick Morley 's investigation , she would remain guilty by association in the eyes of many racecourse insiders .
even if she were finally cleared by nick morley 's investigation , she would [stay] guilty by association in the eyes of many racecourse insiders .

For most people their ‘ short and curlies ’ remain that way .
for most people their ‘ short and curlies ’ [stay] that way .

They remain like this motionless with the woman stemming any premature ejaculatory urges by squeeze control , if the need arises .
they [stay] like this motionless with the woman stemming any premature ejaculatory urges by squeeze control , if the need arises .

Again , study our leading riders to see how they keep hold of their horses ' heads and remain balanced themselves .
again , study our leading riders to see how they keep hold of their horses ' heads and [stay] balanced themselves .

The landscaped gardens outside the houses remain a tribute to the great 18th-century landscaper , Capability Brown .
the landscaped gardens outside the houses [stay] a tribute to the great 18th-century landscaper , capability brown .

Coaches will be parked in these streets under the discretion of the Police and will remain in situ until passengers return after the performance .
coaches will be parked in these streets under the discretion of the police and will [stay] in situ until passengers return after the performance .

Instead of putting it in the power of the creditor to prevent his debtor from obtaining his liberty on giving up his all , it vested the right of a negative in the judges in open court , where it was more just to place it than to allow it to remain in the power of the creditor who , from motives of resentment , was less likely to decide impartially in his own cause .
instead of putting it in the power of the creditor to prevent his debtor from obtaining his liberty on giving up his all , it vested the right of a negative in the judges in open court , where it was more just to place it than to allow it to [stay] in the power of the creditor who , from motives of resentment , was less likely to decide impartially in his own cause .

For the pie to remain fit to eat , the critical temperature of sixty-three degrees Celsius had to be maintained .
for the pie to [stay] fit to eat , the critical temperature of sixty-three degrees celsius had to be maintained .

It will ensure that the memory of your wedding day will remain uppermost in the minds of your nearest and dearest .
it will ensure that the memory of your wedding day will [stay] uppermost in the minds of your nearest and dearest .

Some couples see their wedding photography as an eleventh hour item , or an area in which economies can be made , but poor blurred photographs or the wrong shots can prove a constant disappointment so it is wise to invest time and effort to ensure your photos remain a source of pleasure and joy .
some couples see their wedding photography as an eleventh hour item , or an area in which economies can be made , but poor blurred photographs or the wrong shots can prove a constant disappointment so it is wise to invest time and effort to ensure your photos [stay] a source of pleasure and joy .

But the control group did n't remain static either .
but the control group did n't [stay] static either .

Optimists remain , however .
optimists [stay] , however .

Developing countries will remain poor unless they can exploit natural resources to their own advantage . To do this requires indigenous skills in chemistry
developing countries will [stay] poor unless they can exploit natural resources to their own advantage . to do this requires indigenous skills in chemistry

But because expertise in chemistry and related sciences and technologies is often scarce in poor countries , they can not develop natural resources to their own advantage , and they remain dependent on experts from industrialised countries .
but because expertise in chemistry and related sciences and technologies is often scarce in poor countries , they can not develop natural resources to their own advantage , and they [stay] dependent on experts from industrialised countries .

His view , however , is implicitly gradualist — ‘ a temporal progressive sequence of changes within an evolutionary lineage ’ — and there is no indication of the extensive palaeontological literature of the past decade suggesting an alternative punctuational view , that species may evolve relatively rapidly and then remain unchanged for long periods .
his view , however , is implicitly gradualist — ‘ a temporal progressive sequence of changes within an evolutionary lineage ’ — and there is no indication of the extensive palaeontological literature of the past decade suggesting an alternative punctuational view , that species may evolve relatively rapidly and then [stay] unchanged for long periods .

This would allow high-octane petrol to remain the staple of British garage forecourts .
this would allow high-octane petrol to [stay] the staple of british garage forecourts .

But the long-term solution to piracy will remain elusive , unless , in the words of an Atari engineer there is ‘ an improvement in public morals ’ .
but the long-term solution to piracy will [stay] elusive , unless , in the words of an atari engineer there is ‘ an improvement in public morals ’ .

So we have moved from the intricate and sombre medieval stained-glass window to the brilliant glass-clad office-block facade reflecting the sky line , yet the starting materials remain practically the same .
so we have moved from the intricate and sombre medieval stained-glass window to the brilliant glass-clad office-block facade reflecting the sky line , yet the starting materials [stay] practically the same .

Many proponents of fluoridation insist that this can not happen ; to support their view they cite a well-known study , published in 1960 , which purports to show that a physiological mechanism ensures that blood levels of ionic fluoride remain stable no matter what the intake ( Journal of Applied Physiology , vol 15 , p 508 ) .
many proponents of fluoridation insist that this can not happen ; to support their view they cite a well-known study , published in 1960 , which purports to show that a physiological mechanism ensures that blood levels of ionic fluoride [stay] stable no matter what the intake ( journal of applied physiology , vol 15 , p 508 ) .

Properly looked after they can produce several crops a year and remain fertile for centuries without needing a fallow period .
properly looked after they can produce several crops a year and [stay] fertile for centuries without needing a fallow period .

But three properties do remain unaltered by inversion .
but three properties do [stay] unaltered by inversion .

Connected sets of points remain connected , and curves remain topologically-equivalent curves : the rubber sheet may be distorted but not broken .
connected sets of points [stay] connected , and curves [stay] topologically-equivalent curves : the rubber sheet may be distorted but not broken .

Today , only 44 inhabitants remain .
today , only 44 inhabitants [stay] .

But questions remain in the case .
but questions [stay] in the case .

Salmon and sea trout enter throughout the year and may remain 10 months before spawning , during which time they do not feed .
salmon and sea trout enter throughout the year and may [stay] 10 months before spawning , during which time they do not feed .

By the time Cook returned to the buffet car , MPs knew that the Commons had shunted Serpell up a rusting siding . It only remained for Terence Higgins ( Worthing ) to wrap up Serpell in moth balls , where it will remain until at least after the next election
by the time cook returned to the buffet car , mps knew that the commons had shunted serpell up a rusting siding . it only remained for terence higgins ( worthing ) to wrap up serpell in moth balls , where it will [stay] until at least after the next election

But the effects and even the extent of toxic substances and herbicides remain a relative unknown .
but the effects and even the extent of toxic substances and herbicides [stay] a relative unknown .

But many variations remain enigmatical .
but many variations [stay] enigmatical .

Eventually Nature becomes the designer , and the maintenance required is that sufficient to ensure that the sites remain acceptable to the public .
eventually nature becomes the designer , and the maintenance required is that sufficient to ensure that the sites [stay] acceptable to the public .

The Telemine can remain dormant at a depth of 150 m for up to two years .
the telemine can [stay] dormant at a depth of 150 m for up to two years .

Three questions remain unanswered : was all the area of radioactive fall-out monitored ?
three questions [stay] unanswered : was all the area of radioactive fall-out monitored ?

However , lack of space will remain , but by keeping the models and micro-filmed plans and specifications , the ‘ soul ’ , if not the body , of objects as large as battleships can be saved .
however , lack of space will [stay] , but by keeping the models and micro-filmed plans and specifications , the ‘ soul ’ , if not the body , of objects as large as battleships can be saved .

Collect we will , but the dilemmas will remain .
collect we will , but the dilemmas will [stay] .

He says that staff ‘ suffer a significant radiological exposure which could easily remain completely undetected ’ .
he says that staff ‘ suffer a significant radiological exposure which could easily [stay] completely undetected ’ .

‘ If the United states is to remain technologically strong , our schools must begin training our children in today 's technology , ’ the company says .
‘ if the united states is to [stay] technologically strong , our schools must begin training our children in today 's technology , ’ the company says .

Today only 140 unreclaimed hectares capable of supporting wildfowl and waders , remain .
today only 140 unreclaimed hectares capable of supporting wildfowl and waders , [stay] .

The xenon atoms remain polarised for about half an hour .
the xenon atoms [stay] polarised for about half an hour .

Only voice telephony was excluded from the group 's brief because this is to remain the monopoly of British Telecom .
only voice telephony was excluded from the group 's brief because this is to [stay] the monopoly of british telecom .

Although most fat people simply eat too much by normal standards , there are many who are equally gluttonous but remain thin , and some fat people remain fat in spite of eating much less than normal .
although most fat people simply eat too much by normal standards , there are many who are equally gluttonous but [stay] thin , and some fat people [stay] fat in spite of eating much less than normal .

Consider a cube which is disassembled into its pieces and imagine reassembling the pieces so that the outside facelets remain outside and the centres remain in the same relative positions .
consider a cube which is disassembled into its pieces and imagine reassembling the pieces so that the outside facelets [stay] outside and the centres [stay] in the same relative positions .

The method that restores any position in the most efficient way is called God 's algorithm and seems likely to remain known only to God .
the method that restores any position in the most efficient way is called god 's algorithm and seems likely to [stay] known only to god .

The nymphs remain with their mother through one or two moults , infecting and reinforcing one another , and they may go on doing this after they leave the nest , as the young of any one year remain more or less together in a loose family association .
the nymphs [stay] with their mother through one or two moults , infecting and reinforcing one another , and they may go on doing this after they leave the nest , as the young of any one year [stay] more or less together in a loose family association .

But several snags remain .
but several snags [stay] .

Elites , lovable or not , remain necessary .
elites , lovable or not , [stay] necessary .

Semiconductors rely on gaps between the characteristic energy levels of electrons in the material ; while these remain large , currents can not flow .
semiconductors rely on gaps between the characteristic energy levels of electrons in the material ; while these [stay] large , currents can not flow .

The bulk of those who remain interested in UFOs seem less likely to have been motivated by personal experience and are more willing to undergo the reappraisal needed to rationalise their approach .
the bulk of those who [stay] interested in ufos seem less likely to have been motivated by personal experience and are more willing to undergo the reappraisal needed to rationalise their approach .

Nevertheless , such criticisms are minor compared with the achievements of this book , It is the first book to deal comprehensively with sex allocation theory , and it will surely remain a classic for years to come .
nevertheless , such criticisms are minor compared with the achievements of this book , it is the first book to deal comprehensively with sex allocation theory , and it will surely [stay] a classic for years to come .

Fears remain , however , that the area is too unstable for any such measures to be effective .
fears [stay] , however , that the area is too unstable for any such measures to be effective .

Many channels for the irrigated water remain to be cut .
many channels for the irrigated water [stay] to be cut .

Quasi-science will remain as a perpetual epiphenomenon .
quasi-science will [stay] as a perpetual epiphenomenon .

Even so-called low-cost homes remain access only to the middle class , and beyond the purchasing power of the poor majority .
even so-called low-cost homes [stay] access only to the middle class , and beyond the purchasing power of the poor majority .

But no land , nor any building , should be preserved for its own sake and remain unused .
but no land , nor any building , should be preserved for its own sake and [stay] unused .

Ban on lead in petrol — but lead pipes remain
ban on lead in petrol — but lead pipes [stay]

They should neither remain aloof from what goes on in life , nor should they spend all their time solving industrial problems .
they should neither [stay] aloof from what goes on in life , nor should they spend all their time solving industrial problems .

The working party is clear . ‘ Doses would remain large for a very long time …
the working party is clear . ‘ doses would [stay] large for a very long time …

’ Most of the fallout would remain in the environment .
’ most of the fallout would [stay] in the environment .

Computers remain mysterious to most people , the psychologist maintains , because of the ‘ arrogance ’ of computer scientists and programmers who understand their machines but who are indifferent about the rest of us .
computers [stay] mysterious to most people , the psychologist maintains , because of the ‘ arrogance ’ of computer scientists and programmers who understand their machines but who are indifferent about the rest of us .

‘ The students were still — and even today remain so — far more conscious of their professional collegiate identity , than of belonging to an Imperial College .
‘ the students were still — and even today [stay] so — far more conscious of their professional collegiate identity , than of belonging to an imperial college .

These neutrinos can interact in the detector and mimic a proton decay ; many physicists remain unconvinced that the ‘ observed ’ proton decays are not simply due to neutrinos .
these neutrinos can interact in the detector and mimic a proton decay ; many physicists [stay] unconvinced that the ‘ observed ’ proton decays are not simply due to neutrinos .

Just the political and environmental questions remain
just the political and environmental questions [stay]

The water being pumped from the Dead Sea by existing machinery could contain lower concentrations of minerals , in which case water will have to be pumped from a greater depth ( perhaps 70 m ) where mineral concentrations will remain high .
the water being pumped from the dead sea by existing machinery could contain lower concentrations of minerals , in which case water will have to be pumped from a greater depth ( perhaps 70 m ) where mineral concentrations will [stay] high .

Political problems remain .
political problems [stay] .

Motion parallel to the surface , on the other hand , would remain as normal .
motion parallel to the surface , on the other hand , would [stay] as normal .

When the young arrive they often remain with the parents until they are fully , or nearly fully , grown .
when the young arrive they often [stay] with the parents until they are fully , or nearly fully , grown .

In this way , squirrels in a wood can remain hidden from view while a predator explores the whole region .
in this way , squirrels in a wood can [stay] hidden from view while a predator explores the whole region .

If the predator takes a wrong direction they remain in hiding until the danger is passed , but if it comes close again they wait until the last moment and then repeat the dash-and-hide movement .
if the predator takes a wrong direction they [stay] in hiding until the danger is passed , but if it comes close again they wait until the last moment and then repeat the dash-and-hide movement .

The most obvious clue to its presence is its movement , so in order for its camouflage to work it must be prepared to remain very still for long periods of time , or at least to alter its position very slowly and gently .
the most obvious clue to its presence is its movement , so in order for its camouflage to work it must be prepared to [stay] very still for long periods of time , or at least to alter its position very slowly and gently .

But if the eye can remain open without being seen , then the prey has the best of both worlds .
but if the eye can [stay] open without being seen , then the prey has the best of both worlds .

Instead of fleeing to a safe place and hiding away there with complete body concealment , the animal takes up a semi-hidden position from which it can remain watchful .
instead of fleeing to a safe place and hiding away there with complete body concealment , the animal takes up a semi-hidden position from which it can [stay] watchful .

Certain snakes and lizards are highly efficient at wriggling themselves down into the sand or gravel in such a way that only the tops of their heads and their eyes remain exposed to view .
certain snakes and lizards are highly efficient at wriggling themselves down into the sand or gravel in such a way that only the tops of their heads and their eyes [stay] exposed to view .

They remain hidden until it is threatened , when it displays them by turning itself upside-down .
they [stay] hidden until it is threatened , when it displays them by turning itself upside-down .

Their inner mood must remain one of complete alertness to be ready to make the final dash to safety .
their inner mood must [stay] one of complete alertness to be ready to make the final dash to safety .

Both at home and at school they usually have to remain on the floor and Alice does n't always remember to put them back in the bag .
both at home and at school they usually have to [stay] on the floor and alice does n't always remember to put them back in the bag .

Whatever new curricula are introduced into a school the influence of educational traditions remain as much a source of continuity and stability as they are of unacceptable ‘ educational conservatism ’ .
whatever new curricula are introduced into a school the influence of educational traditions [stay] as much a source of continuity and stability as they are of unacceptable ‘ educational conservatism ’ .

Unless and until more knowledge is gathered concerning the aspirations , capabilities and limitations of schools and the people who work in them , and until sufficient flexibility is built into syllabus planning to allow for the necessary variations that are inherent in planning and providing learning for different people in different contexts , the gap between prescription and reality will remain an unconscionably wide one .
unless and until more knowledge is gathered concerning the aspirations , capabilities and limitations of schools and the people who work in them , and until sufficient flexibility is built into syllabus planning to allow for the necessary variations that are inherent in planning and providing learning for different people in different contexts , the gap between prescription and reality will [stay] an unconscionably wide one .

But if we go on refusing to accept our true age and try instead to remain at a stage of life to which we no longer properly belong , then looking younger than our years is a false statement .
but if we go on refusing to accept our true age and try instead to [stay] at a stage of life to which we no longer properly belong , then looking younger than our years is a false statement .

The bond between grandparents and grandchildren can remain strong during the difficult years of adolescence .
the bond between grandparents and grandchildren can [stay] strong during the difficult years of adolescence .

But even where there may seem to have been little affection shown and where few apparent links remain , emotional ties that go back to earliest days are strong , and feelings about the death of a parent are bound to go deep .
but even where there may seem to have been little affection shown and where few apparent links [stay] , emotional ties that go back to earliest days are strong , and feelings about the death of a parent are bound to go deep .

It is important to accept our children , single or married , without making them feel that they are less valued if they remain single , or if they marry someone who is not our choice .
it is important to accept our children , single or married , without making them feel that they are less valued if they [stay] single , or if they marry someone who is not our choice .

When young people remain single , they will be open to pressure from plenty of other people .
when young people [stay] single , they will be open to pressure from plenty of other people .

Once we accept that fact , we can relax and enjoy the relationship , knowing that , because we are not tying them down , they are all the more likely to remain our friends and even to continue to come to us for support and for advice .
once we accept that fact , we can relax and enjoy the relationship , knowing that , because we are not tying them down , they are all the more likely to [stay] our friends and even to continue to come to us for support and for advice .

He pointed out that Village school 's roll of nearly 20 pupils was considerably larger than the number given by the Council 's policy document as the minimum desirable size , and moved that the school remain open .
he pointed out that village school 's roll of nearly 20 pupils was considerably larger than the number given by the council 's policy document as the minimum desirable size , and moved that the school [stay] open .

Warfare Will Remain Final Arbiter Until Something Better Emerges
warfare will [stay] final arbiter until something better emerges

The existence or otherwise of this origin is , as yet , unknown in this twentieth century , and may remain so forever .
the existence or otherwise of this origin is , as yet , unknown in this twentieth century , and may [stay] so forever .

What must always remain paramount is that the definition of God shall be so formulated that followers of occupations of every conceivable kind will be able to accept it , without any particular calling provoking in its members reason to doubt its value .
what must always [stay] paramount is that the definition of god shall be so formulated that followers of occupations of every conceivable kind will be able to accept it , without any particular calling provoking in its members reason to doubt its value .

Humanity shall remain content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by permitting the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its operation that ( a ) , all surplus life must perish and ( b ) , the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance permits them to take , regardless of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .
humanity shall [stay] content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by permitting the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its operation that ( a ) , all surplus life must perish and ( b ) , the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance permits them to take , regardless of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .

Humanity shall remain content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by permitting the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its operation that ( a ) all surplus life must perish , and ( b ) the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance permits them to take , regardless of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .
humanity shall [stay] content to cut off further hopes of increased life enjoyment by permitting the continued dominance within the human race of the evolutionary law that requires for its operation that ( a ) all surplus life must perish , and ( b ) the strongest shall be entitled to all that physical dominance permits them to take , regardless of the source of what is taken , and the cost to others .

Secondly , the child should not be allowed to remain in their hands ; so , since she is no longer at Ridgery Butts that is to the good .
secondly , the child should not be allowed to [stay] in their hands ; so , since she is no longer at ridgery butts that is to the good .

‘ Let her remain here , ’ said a voice from the bed .
‘ let her [stay] here , ’ said a voice from the bed .

After the fight with the beggars he had left the sack with Allen and Marian because it had seemed to him an ingenious way of saving himself the trouble of carrying it to Simon 's hut and back again while at the same time it was a guarantee that the children would remain until he returned .
after the fight with the beggars he had left the sack with allen and marian because it had seemed to him an ingenious way of saving himself the trouble of carrying it to simon 's hut and back again while at the same time it was a guarantee that the children would [stay] until he returned .

‘ That is why she wanted them to remain here .
‘ that is why she wanted them to [stay] here .

We can contemplate many pictures of large-wheeled carts , for example , and a few scraps of them remain ; but the details of land transport are still obscure , though we become ever more aware how much must have travelled on exceedingly inadequate roads .
we can contemplate many pictures of large-wheeled carts , for example , and a few scraps of them [stay] ; but the details of land transport are still obscure , though we become ever more aware how much must have travelled on exceedingly inadequate roads .

Prediction has been shown to be difficult , if not dangerous , when one thinks of all those worthy , well-written , sincerely felt , and critically-supported books that remain unread ( see Manning , 1969 ; Avery , 1972 ) , and those obvious , apparently superficial and mundane pot-boilers that gain young readers ' affections .
prediction has been shown to be difficult , if not dangerous , when one thinks of all those worthy , well-written , sincerely felt , and critically-supported books that [stay] unread ( see manning , 1969 ; avery , 1972 ) , and those obvious , apparently superficial and mundane pot-boilers that gain young readers ' affections .

Unique and naive in style , these ‘ artless ’ illustrations remain an important element of the stories and part of the total experience .
unique and naive in style , these ‘ artless ’ illustrations [stay] an important element of the stories and part of the total experience .

As it does not offend it tends to survive and to remain to waste readers ' time .
as it does not offend it tends to survive and to [stay] to waste readers ' time .

Ask for advice and guidance but try to ensure that the policy decision-making and the responsibilities remain in your own hands .
ask for advice and guidance but try to ensure that the policy decision-making and the responsibilities [stay] in your own hands .

To be firm and remain courteous is the great art , especially when you feel threatened or are greatly provoked .
to be firm and [stay] courteous is the great art , especially when you feel threatened or are greatly provoked .

We can , of course , select staff who are ‘ young-user-friendly ’ , and then try to ensure that they remain so by encouragement .
we can , of course , select staff who are ‘ young-user-friendly ’ , and then try to ensure that they [stay] so by encouragement .

However , the difficulties of transferring men and materials to France during the war , and the realisation that the Channel was unlikely to remain an inviolable defence in modern times , led to a revival of interest .
however , the difficulties of transferring men and materials to france during the war , and the realisation that the channel was unlikely to [stay] an inviolable defence in modern times , led to a revival of interest .

If delays and cancellations remain a regular feature of summer travel the airlines may find package holiday operators turning to the Tunnel as a more reliable way of getting their customers to destinations in Western Europe .
if delays and cancellations [stay] a regular feature of summer travel the airlines may find package holiday operators turning to the tunnel as a more reliable way of getting their customers to destinations in western europe .

This has proved an unfounded anxiety since the design and management of all full-time courses in the polytechnic sector were and remain the responsibility of persons who qualified via the Institution 's external examination system and entered teaching as qualified surveyors after years of service in the public or private sector .
this has proved an unfounded anxiety since the design and management of all full-time courses in the polytechnic sector were and [stay] the responsibility of persons who qualified via the institution 's external examination system and entered teaching as qualified surveyors after years of service in the public or private sector .

Whilst the maintenance of professional standards must remain paramount , competition is increasing as a result both of clients demanding evidence of value for money and of the number of professional practices anxious to increase the size of their slice of the cake .
whilst the maintenance of professional standards must [stay] paramount , competition is increasing as a result both of clients demanding evidence of value for money and of the number of professional practices anxious to increase the size of their slice of the cake .

Finally , it is important to remain flexible : the future is a mental picture and the process of planning for it and managing a business to enable it to survive requires experience and imagination .
finally , it is important to [stay] flexible : the future is a mental picture and the process of planning for it and managing a business to enable it to survive requires experience and imagination .

The general partners remain liable for all debts and obligations of the firm .
the general partners [stay] liable for all debts and obligations of the firm .

However , creditors or other claimants whose attempts to sue a subsidiary go unsatisfied remain unlikely to be able to probe behind the separate legal personality of the companies to challenge the parent .
however , creditors or other claimants whose attempts to sue a subsidiary go unsatisfied [stay] unlikely to be able to probe behind the separate legal personality of the companies to challenge the parent .

It may be hard to convince a partner to waive his rights of management when such risks remain .
it may be hard to convince a partner to waive his rights of management when such risks [stay] .

In our equation if the rate of profit declines and all other factors remain constant , then the rate of accumulation will also decline .
in our equation if the rate of profit declines and all other factors [stay] constant , then the rate of accumulation will also decline .

Nothing ‘ transitional ’ will remain even in this sphere of the ‘ state economy ’ .
nothing ‘ transitional ’ will [stay] even in this sphere of the ‘ state economy ’ .

The Technique sets out to do precisely the opposite of this , namely , that parts of the body remain free from other parts no matter what position you may adopt .
the technique sets out to do precisely the opposite of this , namely , that parts of the body [stay] free from other parts no matter what position you may adopt .

Any photographer will tell you that a tripod is necessary in order for the camera on top to remain stable .
any photographer will tell you that a tripod is necessary in order for the camera on top to [stay] stable .

Alexander once said that people want to change and yet still want to remain the same .
alexander once said that people want to change and yet still want to [stay] the same .

But for the moment these designs remain just that : the experts are still trying to sort out the answers that chickens have given them and , until they do , can not finalise a commercial prototype for improved cages .
but for the moment these designs [stay] just that : the experts are still trying to sort out the answers that chickens have given them and , until they do , can not finalise a commercial prototype for improved cages .

My painting will remain on show for the next 10 weeks of the summer .
my painting will [stay] on show for the next 10 weeks of the summer .

Old panelling , creaking stairways and sloping floors remain .
old panelling , creaking stairways and sloping floors [stay] .

With Anton the Dove Fancier we remain with grief , but return to clarity and simplicity .
with anton the dove fancier we [stay] with grief , but return to clarity and simplicity .

Retail demand is quite heavy and is likely to remain so even after the novelty value of the new car has worn off .
retail demand is quite heavy and is likely to [stay] so even after the novelty value of the new car has worn off .

Prices can not remain at this level for long , but potential buyers can be assured that their money will be safer in one of these than in almost any other car .
prices can not [stay] at this level for long , but potential buyers can be assured that their money will be safer in one of these than in almost any other car .

In 1918 it 's disclosed that : ‘ The managers have arranged to supply those children , who remain , to dinner with a hot meal for a penny halfpenny per day per child . ’
in 1918 it 's disclosed that : ‘ the managers have arranged to supply those children , who [stay] , to dinner with a hot meal for a penny halfpenny per day per child . ’

The decorations will remain on the boards until completion of the town centre scheme .
the decorations will [stay] on the boards until completion of the town centre scheme .

For a genre that often takes itself too seriously , it 's reassuring to know that Les 's jokes remain his greatest joy .
for a genre that often takes itself too seriously , it 's reassuring to know that les 's jokes [stay] his greatest joy .

Oates is seeking further sponsorship in his aim to remain competitive with the front-running teams , although half the budget has already been obtained .
oates is seeking further sponsorship in his aim to [stay] competitive with the front-running teams , although half the budget has already been obtained .

The birds are still around , but remain largely aloof in the bushes .
the birds are still around , but [stay] largely aloof in the bushes .

Some folk can make plants thrive in the most unusual circumstances , while with others , plants remain static and unresponsive to the processes of growth and life .
some folk can make plants thrive in the most unusual circumstances , while with others , plants [stay] static and unresponsive to the processes of growth and life .

We humans lay out our highways and byways in our fashion and each species does so in theirs , and we mostly remain unaware of each others ' very own and personal world of perception .
we humans lay out our highways and byways in our fashion and each species does so in theirs , and we mostly [stay] unaware of each others ' very own and personal world of perception .

But unless one realizes that there is a mind structure , including appropriate sensory and motor indriyas at a subtle level , as well as corresponding sense organs and motor functions , such experimental observations remain obscure and lacking in a full understanding and interpretation .
but unless one realizes that there is a mind structure , including appropriate sensory and motor indriyas at a subtle level , as well as corresponding sense organs and motor functions , such experimental observations [stay] obscure and lacking in a full understanding and interpretation .

Politicians rarely change sides unless their instinct is purely one of self-preservation , human personalities remain predictably the same .
politicians rarely change sides unless their instinct is purely one of self-preservation , human personalities [stay] predictably the same .

Digressing momentarily , it is interesting that those creatures which pass through various metamorphic stages , however different these outward forms may be , remain of essentially the same ‘ psychological ’ nature throughout their cycle .
digressing momentarily , it is interesting that those creatures which pass through various metamorphic stages , however different these outward forms may be , [stay] of essentially the same ‘ psychological ’ nature throughout their cycle .

Enough of these huacas remain , however , for the biologist Tony Morrison to have plotted several ceques and recorded them by infra-red photography as narrow lines in the vegetation .
enough of these huacas [stay] , however , for the biologist tony morrison to have plotted several ceques and recorded them by infra-red photography as narrow lines in the vegetation .

What the ancient people experienced must largely remain in the realms of speculation , but we can look to China for a system which is still in use and very specific on the question of how earth energies relate to the landscape .
what the ancient people experienced must largely [stay] in the realms of speculation , but we can look to china for a system which is still in use and very specific on the question of how earth energies relate to the landscape .

Nevertheless , when all factors have been assessed , there still remain effects which can not be explained in orthodox terms .
nevertheless , when all factors have been assessed , there still [stay] effects which can not be explained in orthodox terms .

Many were destroyed by the Puritans and only eight now remain .
many were destroyed by the puritans and only eight now [stay] .

They remain merely an intriguing possibility , showing more about the human addiction to order than allowing the Earth to show her own organic nature .
they [stay] merely an intriguing possibility , showing more about the human addiction to order than allowing the earth to show her own organic nature .

They are very economical and remain a viable buy because of their extreme portability , especially for use in the car , where CDs — with their wider dynamic range — have little advantage .
they are very economical and [stay] a viable buy because of their extreme portability , especially for use in the car , where cds — with their wider dynamic range — have little advantage .

Perhaps Klemperer 's ‘ fairies ’ ( the otherwise admirable Philaharmonia Chorus ) remain somewhat earthbound , but the orchestral climaxes have great solidity and conviction .
perhaps klemperer 's ‘ fairies ’ ( the otherwise admirable philaharmonia chorus ) [stay] somewhat earthbound , but the orchestral climaxes have great solidity and conviction .

Who can say whether the ambitious executive , brimming with ideas today , will be a suitable candidate for management tomorrow — or likely to remain just a great ideas person ?
who can say whether the ambitious executive , brimming with ideas today , will be a suitable candidate for management tomorrow — or likely to [stay] just a great ideas person ?

Significant amounts of this pesticide remain on the potatoes we eat .
significant amounts of this pesticide [stay] on the potatoes we eat .

Removing those that remain is a fairly drastic step , which you should only embark on if you have good reason to suspect chemical sensitivity .
removing those that [stay] is a fairly drastic step , which you should only embark on if you have good reason to suspect chemical sensitivity .

This usually clears up of its own accord after a few days — thereafter the person has no symptoms but may remain infectious .
this usually clears up of its own accord after a few days — thereafter the person has no symptoms but may [stay] infectious .

Although most children remain well as long as they stick to their diet , a few seem to relapse after a few years for no apparent reason .
although most children [stay] well as long as they stick to their diet , a few seem to relapse after a few years for no apparent reason .

It is possible that the baby will remain well , and not respond to any of the foods — a brief period of avoidance can sometimes clear up the sensitivity .
it is possible that the baby will [stay] well , and not respond to any of the foods — a brief period of avoidance can sometimes clear up the sensitivity .

There are those who remain unconvinced of the benefits of a good environmental audit , arguing that the process is nothing more than a shallow , expensive public relations exercise .
there are those who [stay] unconvinced of the benefits of a good environmental audit , arguing that the process is nothing more than a shallow , expensive public relations exercise .

Its first president is Sir John Collyear , who explained that a single institute will provide greater support and services ‘ for those members , drawn from many disciplines ( including chemistry , physics and engineering as well as metallurgy and materials science ) whose interests and activities remain centred principally in specific well-established materials , and also those whose main concern is in leading-edge technology and the exploitation of more advanced materials ’ .
its first president is sir john collyear , who explained that a single institute will provide greater support and services ‘ for those members , drawn from many disciplines ( including chemistry , physics and engineering as well as metallurgy and materials science ) whose interests and activities [stay] centred principally in specific well-established materials , and also those whose main concern is in leading-edge technology and the exploitation of more advanced materials ’ .

Alternatively , by conditioning in a physiologically isotonic saline solution , it can remain at a constant size .
alternatively , by conditioning in a physiologically isotonic saline solution , it can [stay] at a constant size .

As a result , an alumina implant can shield the surrounding bone from the stresses generated by normal activity , and the bone loses the stimulation which is necessary for it to remain healthy .
as a result , an alumina implant can shield the surrounding bone from the stresses generated by normal activity , and the bone loses the stimulation which is necessary for it to [stay] healthy .

Biosensors remain an important , and attractive means of biochemical measurement .
biosensors [stay] an important , and attractive means of biochemical measurement .

Her father feared for her reason , and left the boat telling to his fellow fishermen he would remain at home that day .
her father feared for her reason , and left the boat telling to his fellow fishermen he would [stay] at home that day .

Edward Kirk was to remain as Headmaster at Leeds until his death , and was to see his school grow from a small class of 6 pupils on a half-day basis into a fully-fledged school taking in boarders and day scholars with a roll of over 100 children , with a reputation second to none .
edward kirk was to [stay] as headmaster at leeds until his death , and was to see his school grow from a small class of 6 pupils on a half-day basis into a fully-fledged school taking in boarders and day scholars with a roll of over 100 children , with a reputation second to none .

Like Fyfe , all three were to remain at these places until the end of their working lives .
like fyfe , all three were to [stay] at these places until the end of their working lives .

Social perceptions of what is or is not obscene or indecent may change but the legislation may remain to trap the unwary in a much more liberal climate ; and just because the legislation has not been used in many years that does not mean it will not be applied again .
social perceptions of what is or is not obscene or indecent may change but the legislation may [stay] to trap the unwary in a much more liberal climate ; and just because the legislation has not been used in many years that does not mean it will not be applied again .

Veterinary authors issue dire warnings about the risk of ‘ transmission of disease ’ resulting from permitting your cat to drink from ponds and puddles , begging the question of how so many wild animals manage to remain perfectly healthy .
veterinary authors issue dire warnings about the risk of ‘ transmission of disease ’ resulting from permitting your cat to drink from ponds and puddles , begging the question of how so many wild animals manage to [stay] perfectly healthy .

For domesticated felines remain ‘ part-kitten ’ all through their lives , and even though they may be middle-aged in feline terms they still look upon their human owners as their mothers .
for domesticated felines [stay] ‘ part-kitten ’ all through their lives , and even though they may be middle-aged in feline terms they still look upon their human owners as their mothers .

This means that cats remain fertile longer than we do , in relative terms .
this means that cats [stay] fertile longer than we do , in relative terms .

It is unlikely that any of the Sussex woodlands remain in a natural state , although some areas may have a continuously wooded history .
it is unlikely that any of the sussex woodlands [stay] in a natural state , although some areas may have a continuously wooded history .

Although large areas of grassland still remain on unploughable slopes , particularly on the north-facing scarp , they have largely changed in character .
although large areas of grassland still [stay] on unploughable slopes , particularly on the north-facing scarp , they have largely changed in character .

This is the longest stay recorded for any individual , but birds often remain for several weeks .
this is the longest stay recorded for any individual , but birds often [stay] for several weeks .

Although recorded annually there is no regular winter population , and birds rarely remain for more than a few days except in severe winters , when considerable influxes occur .
although recorded annually there is no regular winter population , and birds rarely [stay] for more than a few days except in severe winters , when considerable influxes occur .

All the information available shows that the Brent flocks in these two harbours remain largely separate , except to the north of Hayling Island , and counts of the entire Chichester/Langstone complex since 1972/73 have shown the peak populations to reach 10,000 to 12,000 birds .
all the information available shows that the brent flocks in these two harbours [stay] largely separate , except to the north of hayling island , and counts of the entire chichester/langstone complex since 1972/73 have shown the peak populations to reach 10,000 to 12,000 birds .

In autumn , however , it is not unusual for a bird to remain in one area for several weeks , and stays of more than six weeks have been recorded .
in autumn , however , it is not unusual for a bird to [stay] in one area for several weeks , and stays of more than six weeks have been recorded .

Some wintering birds remain until late March or early April and , in recent years , there has been a clear tendency for them to linger later in the year ; all the May records have been since 1968 .
some wintering birds [stay] until late march or early april and , in recent years , there has been a clear tendency for them to linger later in the year ; all the may records have been since 1968 .

Surprisingly few remain in winter .
surprisingly few [stay] in winter .

Up to 13 birds in one winter have so far been involved , and they usually arrive between mid-December and mid-January , and remain until March or April .
up to 13 birds in one winter have so far been involved , and they usually arrive between mid-december and mid-january , and [stay] until march or april .

In Sussex this species is largely confined to Chichester and Pagham Harbours , where a few remain to summer in many years , although totals of more than 50 are most unusual .
in sussex this species is largely confined to chichester and pagham harbours , where a few [stay] to summer in many years , although totals of more than 50 are most unusual .

She has a highly interesting job which allows her to remain in close contact with patient care .
she has a highly interesting job which allows her to [stay] in close contact with patient care .

It was natural for the Girls to go out with men but Tiller was possessive and seemed to expect them to remain single until they were about thirty years of age , then quietly fade away .
it was natural for the girls to go out with men but tiller was possessive and seemed to expect them to [stay] single until they were about thirty years of age , then quietly fade away .

She was to remain childless and showered all her love on every single Girl at the school .
she was to [stay] childless and showered all her love on every single girl at the school .

It was of course pure selfishness , as having persuaded the Girls to take up a short-lived career which he dominated in a exceedingly paternalistic manner , he did not remain a father figure when that career was about to finish .
it was of course pure selfishness , as having persuaded the girls to take up a short-lived career which he dominated in a exceedingly paternalistic manner , he did not [stay] a father figure when that career was about to finish .

Despite publicity about their strict code of conduct , it was obvious that the rules had been broken because when the time came for the first troupe to go home , John was astounded to learn that eight out of the sixteen had married during the run and intended to remain behind and every one of the other eight was engaged .
despite publicity about their strict code of conduct , it was obvious that the rules had been broken because when the time came for the first troupe to go home , john was astounded to learn that eight out of the sixteen had married during the run and intended to [stay] behind and every one of the other eight was engaged .

They rarely performed as individuals ; from now on they were to remain in line , arms linked behind each other .
they rarely performed as individuals ; from now on they were to [stay] in line , arms linked behind each other .

Off they went again , attempting to complete nine shows a day and remain sane .
off they went again , attempting to complete nine shows a day and [stay] sane .

The particles of resin act as an acid resist , the acid attacks the plate between the resin granules producing minute irregular dots bitten into the plate , the tone of which can be controlled by the length of time the plate is allowed to remain in the acid .
the particles of resin act as an acid resist , the acid attacks the plate between the resin granules producing minute irregular dots bitten into the plate , the tone of which can be controlled by the length of time the plate is allowed to [stay] in the acid .

For women who have never married or lived with anyone else — preferring instead to remain single — life will change in many important ways after retirement .
for women who have never married or lived with anyone else — preferring instead to [stay] single — life will change in many important ways after retirement .

Few want to remain financially dependent on a former partner unless absolutely necessary , and may see no reason why he should not have his share of the proceeds from the house sale .
few want to [stay] financially dependent on a former partner unless absolutely necessary , and may see no reason why he should not have his share of the proceeds from the house sale .

Whether they remain in their own homes , move to a new one nearer relatives or close friends , move in with sons or daughters , or into sheltered or residential accommodation — all need to be considered .
whether they [stay] in their own homes , move to a new one nearer relatives or close friends , move in with sons or daughters , or into sheltered or residential accommodation — all need to be considered .

At the same time , the new accent on ‘ community care ’ means that elderly people and disabled children who have reached a certain level of dependency and inability to cope — and who would once have gone into hospital or residential care — are now encouraged to remain at home .
at the same time , the new accent on ‘ community care ’ means that elderly people and disabled children who have reached a certain level of dependency and inability to cope — and who would once have gone into hospital or residential care — are now encouraged to [stay] at home .

Some people unfortunately gain more weight on less food than others who remain slim ( unfairly ) even while they eat cakes and pastries .
some people unfortunately gain more weight on less food than others who [stay] slim ( unfairly ) even while they eat cakes and pastries .

The building itself and the woodland environs remain an inspiration to all artists and to all art form .
the building itself and the woodland environs [stay] an inspiration to all artists and to all art form .

However , at present these suggestions remain purely speculative .
however , at present these suggestions [stay] purely speculative .

You may need to remain nearby in case they do slip , but this can prevent some people from functioning so you will have to be sensitive to their feelings .
you may need to [stay] nearby in case they do slip , but this can prevent some people from functioning so you will have to be sensitive to their feelings .

If the room is shared , a member of staff should always remain in the room until the body is removed and warn the other occupants so that they can decide whether to pay their respects or to stay away until the body is removed .
if the room is shared , a member of staff should always [stay] in the room until the body is removed and warn the other occupants so that they can decide whether to pay their respects or to stay away until the body is removed .

Relatives who wish to remain with the body should be allowed to do so .
relatives who wish to [stay] with the body should be allowed to do so .

Those who do not should be escorted to a suitable room where another member of staff should remain with them if possible , if they wish for this .
those who do not should be escorted to a suitable room where another member of staff should [stay] with them if possible , if they wish for this .

The usual aim of the criminal is to remain anonymous , particularly if he or she wishes to continue to engage in criminal actions .
the usual aim of the criminal is to [stay] anonymous , particularly if he or she wishes to continue to engage in criminal actions .

The researcher has to remain an objective and outside recorder of events at the same time as being closely involved with the people and events that are being studied .
the researcher has to [stay] an objective and outside recorder of events at the same time as being closely involved with the people and events that are being studied .

Moreover , those who suffer from the effects of corporate crime , the victims , tend to remain unaware that they have been victimised .
moreover , those who suffer from the effects of corporate crime , the victims , tend to [stay] unaware that they have been victimised .

In order to become a successful fraudster , these skills of being able to present a convincing front and remain calm under pressure have to become almost second nature .
in order to become a successful fraudster , these skills of being able to present a convincing front and [stay] calm under pressure have to become almost second nature .

It is likely to be easier to commit crime in urban areas in that it is easier to be unnoticed and to remain anonymous in such areas .
it is likely to be easier to commit crime in urban areas in that it is easier to be unnoticed and to [stay] anonymous in such areas .

This obviously represents only a proportion of criminal activity in Britain since a number of crimes remain undetected and a number of offenders are not convicted .
this obviously represents only a proportion of criminal activity in britain since a number of crimes [stay] undetected and a number of offenders are not convicted .

In spite of increased overseas representation , correspondent banking relationships remain important as domestic branch networks of correspondents facilitate efficient global money transmission without which trade would be seriously inhibited .
in spite of increased overseas representation , correspondent banking relationships [stay] important as domestic branch networks of correspondents facilitate efficient global money transmission without which trade would be seriously inhibited .

Despite sovereign risk , governments and state enterprises remain major users of international bank loan facilities because bankers know such borrowers normally repay external debt and will make every effort to do so .
despite sovereign risk , governments and state enterprises [stay] major users of international bank loan facilities because bankers know such borrowers normally repay external debt and will make every effort to do so .

It is essential for banks to remain active in this market in order to keep abreast of market developments and to be seen as a taker/supplier of interbank funds .
it is essential for banks to [stay] active in this market in order to keep abreast of market developments and to be seen as a taker/supplier of interbank funds .

She would remain like that for a while , lost in her own little world , completely unaware of his presence .
she would [stay] like that for a while , lost in her own little world , completely unaware of his presence .

May they remain in good health and continue to prosper .
may they [stay] in good health and continue to prosper .

He knew the sensible thing to do was to remain silent and let her cry away .
he knew the sensible thing to do was to [stay] silent and let her cry away .

Objectives and strategies can remain valid for many years but the long-term plans to achieve them need to be revised more frequently to reflect the up-to-date position of the organisation and its environment .
objectives and strategies can [stay] valid for many years but the long-term plans to achieve them need to be revised more frequently to reflect the up-to-date position of the organisation and its environment .

No bibliographical instrument could be made which was equally aimed at , and equally suitable to the situations of , all its potential users ; for no matter how large an instrument was made , no matter how many interests and situations were foreseen , there would remain over some interests and situations unforeseen , to which the consultants could address themselves if they were presented with them .
no bibliographical instrument could be made which was equally aimed at , and equally suitable to the situations of , all its potential users ; for no matter how large an instrument was made , no matter how many interests and situations were foreseen , there would [stay] over some interests and situations unforeseen , to which the consultants could address themselves if they were presented with them .

The new Dictionary of Surnames by Patrick Hanks and Flavia Hodges ( Oxford 1988 ) has 70,000 names within its pages , but even in a work of such length there must remain hundreds of omissions .
the new dictionary of surnames by patrick hanks and flavia hodges ( oxford 1988 ) has 70,000 names within its pages , but even in a work of such length there must [stay] hundreds of omissions .

The first , as may be expected from the name , had letters as wide ( or half as wide ) as their height , and remain quite familiar to modern eyes , as being the face from which present-day upper-case ‘ Roman ’ type has descended .
the first , as may be expected from the name , had letters as wide ( or half as wide ) as their height , and [stay] quite familiar to modern eyes , as being the face from which present-day upper-case ‘ roman ’ type has descended .

The search for details of buildings now gone is as fascinating as that of the discovery of features of those that remain .
the search for details of buildings now gone is as fascinating as that of the discovery of features of those that [stay] .

For each locality the records of first resort remain the early county histories , the relevant volumes in the Victoria County History series , and the proceedings of the county , or similar , historical or record society ; and no doubt local historians will wish to obtain some of these or , subject to the laws of copyright , obtain photocopies of selected sections .
for each locality the records of first resort [stay] the early county histories , the relevant volumes in the victoria county history series , and the proceedings of the county , or similar , historical or record society ; and no doubt local historians will wish to obtain some of these or , subject to the laws of copyright , obtain photocopies of selected sections .

Although enrolment levels for both sexes have increased , girls ' enrolments at all grades remain significantly below those of boys .
although enrolment levels for both sexes have increased , girls ' enrolments at all grades [stay] significantly below those of boys .

It is not just discrepancies in enrolments which are significant , but the ability of children to remain at school and profit from their education .
it is not just discrepancies in enrolments which are significant , but the ability of children to [stay] at school and profit from their education .

For those who remain , quite apart from political pressures , conditions in public sector schools are often discouraging .
for those who [stay] , quite apart from political pressures , conditions in public sector schools are often discouraging .

Meanwhile , Christian National Education was designed to fit white people to remain rulers and to enhance their belief in their moral and racial superiority .
meanwhile , christian national education was designed to fit white people to [stay] rulers and to enhance their belief in their moral and racial superiority .

Monday was spent among the people , sketching one of the bays , the fisherman 's sea-side hut , the farmer 's house , a Druid stone that is the only representative of what had been a Druid circle — the base of the others remain in the ground .
monday was spent among the people , sketching one of the bays , the fisherman 's sea-side hut , the farmer 's house , a druid stone that is the only representative of what had been a druid circle — the base of the others [stay] in the ground .

There are nearly as many mentions of feet in the Bible as there are of bread and yet feet remain unsung ( except when Handel gives them their due with ‘ How beautiful are the feet … ’ ) .
there are nearly as many mentions of feet in the bible as there are of bread and yet feet [stay] unsung ( except when handel gives them their due with ‘ how beautiful are the feet … ’ ) .

Feet will remain wholesome .
feet will [stay] wholesome .

Meanwhile small niceties , like covering one 's mouth when yawning or refraining from whistling loudly in public places , remain sadly neglected by legislators .
meanwhile small niceties , like covering one 's mouth when yawning or refraining from whistling loudly in public places , [stay] sadly neglected by legislators .

Effectively it means that the molecules of bread and wine remain unchanged , but their substance ( a rather shadowy term of Greek philosophy ) changes when the actions of the Mass are performed .
effectively it means that the molecules of bread and wine [stay] unchanged , but their substance ( a rather shadowy term of greek philosophy ) changes when the actions of the mass are performed .

The great voice which calls us all has appointed that one card will remain blank and another shall be full , and not for any good or well they 've done to him .
the great voice which calls us all has appointed that one card will [stay] blank and another shall be full , and not for any good or well they 've done to him .

They remain undiminished by all the Christmas cheer .
they [stay] undiminished by all the christmas cheer .

If they are strongly and exclusively attached to domineering parents who set impossibly high standards and are deeply ‘ hurt ’ when their offspring fail to live up to them , it is probable that they will acquire a sense of conscience so severe and restrictive that their spontaneity and emotional life will be crippled and much of their creative energy will remain unused .
if they are strongly and exclusively attached to domineering parents who set impossibly high standards and are deeply ‘ hurt ’ when their offspring fail to live up to them , it is probable that they will acquire a sense of conscience so severe and restrictive that their spontaneity and emotional life will be crippled and much of their creative energy will [stay] unused .

It is difficult to remain calm and objective when one 's own child is distressed , even if only through bad temper .
it is difficult to [stay] calm and objective when one 's own child is distressed , even if only through bad temper .

They remain self-centred , selfish , disobedient .
they [stay] self-centred , selfish , disobedient .

let your child get away with his/her ‘ misdemeanours ’ ? Do threats to punish the child remain unfulfilled ? Do you allow a stream of orders ( 'You must n't ! ' , ‘ You ca n't have ’ , ‘ Stop it . .. or else ’ ) to be ignored until ‘ out of the blue ’ you lash out with harsh words or actions ( perhaps ) in order to release your mounting frustration and anger ?
let your child get away with his/her ‘ misdemeanours ’ ? do threats to punish the child [stay] unfulfilled ? do you allow a stream of orders ( 'you must n't ! ' , ‘ you ca n't have ’ , ‘ stop it . .. or else ’ ) to be ignored until ‘ out of the blue ’ you lash out with harsh words or actions ( perhaps ) in order to release your mounting frustration and anger ?

So , if you have to cope with recrimination , invidious comparisons and abuse from your son or daughter , take the long view and remain solid and safe ; it may be painful for you , but it will pay off in the longer term .
so , if you have to cope with recrimination , invidious comparisons and abuse from your son or daughter , take the long view and [stay] solid and safe ; it may be painful for you , but it will pay off in the longer term .

In addition , a whole range of aspects of consumption , housing , education , shopping , transport , training , and so on , remain insufficient for many people living in the cities .
in addition , a whole range of aspects of consumption , housing , education , shopping , transport , training , and so on , [stay] insufficient for many people living in the cities .

Other groups , such as single-parent families , the poor and the disabled , will gravitate to or remain in the cities , partially as a result of the relatively greater availability of rented accommodation .
other groups , such as single-parent families , the poor and the disabled , will gravitate to or [stay] in the cities , partially as a result of the relatively greater availability of rented accommodation .

whilst there remain widely varying explanations of the reasons for the disturbances of 1981 , 1983 and 1985 , there can be no doubt that the fear of social disorder , and its association with the needs and demands of black people , has been a major factor in sustaining central government interest in inner cities policy .
whilst there [stay] widely varying explanations of the reasons for the disturbances of 1981 , 1983 and 1985 , there can be no doubt that the fear of social disorder , and its association with the needs and demands of black people , has been a major factor in sustaining central government interest in inner cities policy .

They are not , however , plan-making authorities : these responsibilities remain with local authorities for the area .
they are not , however , plan-making authorities : these responsibilities [stay] with local authorities for the area .

It is important to stress that UDCs are not the lead agencies in such services as housing , Education and health , which remain with local authorities and other public agencies .
it is important to stress that udcs are not the lead agencies in such services as housing , education and health , which [stay] with local authorities and other public agencies .

However , if the buildings can not be used for such purposes ‘ other uses are preferable to allowing the buildings to remain empty or grossly under-occupied ’ .
however , if the buildings can not be used for such purposes ‘ other uses are preferable to allowing the buildings to [stay] empty or grossly under-occupied ’ .

Although the government 's Planning Policy Guidance on retail planning states that large retail developments in the Green Belt or open countryside are inappropriate , critics remain sceptical about its commitment to effective restraint .
although the government 's planning policy guidance on retail planning states that large retail developments in the green belt or open countryside are inappropriate , critics [stay] sceptical about its commitment to effective restraint .

However , organisations like the Council for the Protection of Rural England are likely to remain opposed to further rural housing development which it sees as both socially and environmentally damaging .
however , organisations like the council for the protection of rural england are likely to [stay] opposed to further rural housing development which it sees as both socially and environmentally damaging .

There are no far outliers in the logged distribution , and the outliers that remain do seem to differ substantively from the body of the data .
there are no far outliers in the logged distribution , and the outliers that [stay] do seem to differ substantively from the body of the data .

Once again , the strength of the relationship between job and absenteeism would remain the same as in the bivariate case .
once again , the strength of the relationship between job and absenteeism would [stay] the same as in the bivariate case .

In those days , scarlet fever victims had to go to the Isolation Hospital just outside the town , and remain there for about six weeks , until all the affected skin had peeled off .
in those days , scarlet fever victims had to go to the isolation hospital just outside the town , and [stay] there for about six weeks , until all the affected skin had peeled off .

We could n't go so easily to theatre , opera or ballet , for it was painful for Michael to remain long in one position .
we could n't go so easily to theatre , opera or ballet , for it was painful for michael to [stay] long in one position .

There are few forested areas of the world that remain untouched by human activity and those that do remain are unlikely to survive intact in the future .
there are few forested areas of the world that [stay] untouched by human activity and those that do [stay] are unlikely to survive intact in the future .

While extensive tracts of virgin forest remain from which sawnwood and plywood are derived , there has been a growing trend since the Second World War towards fibre-based products from plantations and second- and third-growth forests .
while extensive tracts of virgin forest [stay] from which sawnwood and plywood are derived , there has been a growing trend since the second world war towards fibre-based products from plantations and second- and third-growth forests .

Even in the infant days of Scottish football , managers had realised the wisdom of a night-time curfew , and Gallacher and his team-mates were given strict instructions to remain in the hotel .
even in the infant days of scottish football , managers had realised the wisdom of a night-time curfew , and gallacher and his team-mates were given strict instructions to [stay] in the hotel .

Although Gemmill 's goal was voted the best in the tournament , the sight of a mesmerised Alan Rough watching in disbelief as a Peruvian free kick flew past him into the net will remain one of Argentina 's most bleak moments .
although gemmill 's goal was voted the best in the tournament , the sight of a mesmerised alan rough watching in disbelief as a peruvian free kick flew past him into the net will [stay] one of argentina 's most bleak moments .

But other men , who remain unsatisfied , continue to grow step by step to new levels .
but other men , who [stay] unsatisfied , continue to grow step by step to new levels .

The dervish whose thoughts were sweet as the sugarcane could not remain perpetually in a state of ecstasy but he obtained from the stillness of the soul a sweetness which is the heirloom of the mystic .
the dervish whose thoughts were sweet as the sugarcane could not [stay] perpetually in a state of ecstasy but he obtained from the stillness of the soul a sweetness which is the heirloom of the mystic .

No doubt their slowness , coupled with the initial inertia of the judges , meant that the exhibition had to remain intact , seriously hampering preparations for the exhibition of models for the Wellington monument which began to arrive at the hall the day after the Government Offices exhibition closed .
no doubt their slowness , coupled with the initial inertia of the judges , meant that the exhibition had to [stay] intact , seriously hampering preparations for the exhibition of models for the wellington monument which began to arrive at the hall the day after the government offices exhibition closed .

At the other end of the site , as the State Paper Office and its neighbouring houses in Duke Street would remain , only a third of Scott 's west elevation of the Foreign Office would be seen from the park .
at the other end of the site , as the state paper office and its neighbouring houses in duke street would [stay] , only a third of scott 's west elevation of the foreign office would be seen from the park .

About a week later the eggs hatch leaving behind paler coloured shells which remain glued .
about a week later the eggs hatch leaving behind paler coloured shells which [stay] glued .

The use of CFCs as propellants in aerosols has now largely been eliminated , but the other two uses remain a problem .
the use of cfcs as propellants in aerosols has now largely been eliminated , but the other two uses [stay] a problem .

Environmentalists remain concerned about the use of these compounds and favour products that avoid their use altogether .
environmentalists [stay] concerned about the use of these compounds and favour products that avoid their use altogether .

By having an attack of the infectious disease the body is stimulated to produce appropriate antibodies not only to assist recovery but also to provide a sufficient quantity to remain in the blood for a longer period , sometimes throughout life , for example after an attack of rubella
by having an attack of the infectious disease the body is stimulated to produce appropriate antibodies not only to assist recovery but also to provide a sufficient quantity to [stay] in the blood for a longer period , sometimes throughout life , for example after an attack of rubella

The amount is insufficient to cause the classical signs and symptoms of the disease but is sufficient to stimulate the body to produce antibodies which remain in the blood throughout life .
the amount is insufficient to cause the classical signs and symptoms of the disease but is sufficient to stimulate the body to produce antibodies which [stay] in the blood throughout life .

This is produced by injecting a small dose of the antigen into the body and allowing time for the person to produce antibodies himself , which then remain in the body for a variable time .
this is produced by injecting a small dose of the antigen into the body and allowing time for the person to produce antibodies himself , which then [stay] in the body for a variable time .

It is interesting that doctors and nurses , who on the whole prefer to remain apolitical , have become actively engaged in this campaign .
it is interesting that doctors and nurses , who on the whole prefer to [stay] apolitical , have become actively engaged in this campaign .

How have the ships and the trade changed between 1750 and today ? Which parts of the trade remain the same ?
how have the ships and the trade changed between 1750 and today ? which parts of the trade [stay] the same ?

Many of the paper and board mills remain along the river near the old docks .
many of the paper and board mills [stay] along the river near the old docks .

Small side valleys , or tributary valleys , were cut less deeply and they remain as hanging valleys above the main U-shaped troughs .
small side valleys , or tributary valleys , were cut less deeply and they [stay] as hanging valleys above the main u-shaped troughs .

They remain as isolated upland masses .
they [stay] as isolated upland masses .

where the numbers remain about even .
where the numbers [stay] about even .

pop-up pictures which remain flat , kaleidoscopes congealed .
pop-up pictures which [stay] flat , kaleidoscopes congealed .

to remain who they really are ,
to [stay] who they really are ,

split seconds of choice-to-tell remain ,
split seconds of choice-to-tell [stay] ,

the marks of you remain
the marks of you [stay]

Psychologist Rosalind Barnett and journalist Caryl Rivers conducted extensive interviews with 300 dual-earner couples in the Boston area and found that despite stress at work and at home , most were highly satisﬁed and found child rearing to be both manageable and pleasurable.11 In a survey of 6,000 employees at DuPont , nearly half—and only slightly more women than men—turned down upward career moves to remain in jobs that allowed for more family commitment.12 Barnett believes that parents most prone to a time bind in which work robs family life are at higher socioeconomic levels—in more pressured jobs that have less clearly deﬁned limits and in which advancement typically depends on superlative performance .
psychologist rosalind barnett and journalist caryl rivers conducted extensive interviews with 300 dual-earner couples in the boston area and found that despite stress at work and at home , most were highly satisﬁed and found child rearing to be both manageable and pleasurable.11 in a survey of 6,000 employees at dupont , nearly half—and only slightly more women than men—turned down upward career moves to [stay] in jobs that allowed for more family commitment.12 barnett believes that parents most prone to a time bind in which work robs family life are at higher socioeconomic levels—in more pressured jobs that have less clearly deﬁned limits and in which advancement typically depends on superlative performance .

Temperament encompasses activity level , ability to attend to stimuli , and capacity to adjust the intensity of emotions to a comfortable level so the child can remain adaptively engaged with his or her physical and social surroundings .
temperament encompasses activity level , ability to attend to stimuli , and capacity to adjust the intensity of emotions to a comfortable level so the child can [stay] adaptively engaged with his or her physical and social surroundings .

It ’ s crucial to remain calm and to avoid harsh , coercive tactics , which will only fuel the child ’ s rage and poor emotional control .
it ’ s crucial to [stay] calm and to avoid harsh , coercive tactics , which will only fuel the child ’ s rage and poor emotional control .

Adults whose parents divorced during their childhoods tend to do less well in terms of educational , vocational , and economic attainment than their counterparts from stable families.78 Regardless of whether fathers remain salient ﬁgures in children ’ s lives , the strongest predictor of good outcomes following divorce is effective parenting—combining warmth with reasonable maturity demands , limiting family conﬂict , and using consistent , nonpunitive discipline.79 Fathers who remain involved and who use good child-rearing techniques contribute greatly to the psychological well-being of children of both genders , with boys showing special beneﬁts .
adults whose parents divorced during their childhoods tend to do less well in terms of educational , vocational , and economic attainment than their counterparts from stable families.78 regardless of whether fathers [stay] salient ﬁgures in children ’ s lives , the strongest predictor of good outcomes following divorce is effective parenting—combining warmth with reasonable maturity demands , limiting family conﬂict , and using consistent , nonpunitive discipline.79 fathers who [stay] involved and who use good child-rearing techniques contribute greatly to the psychological well-being of children of both genders , with boys showing special beneﬁts .

Some remain profoundly impaired by inadequate adult investment in their childhoods .
some [stay] profoundly impaired by inadequate adult investment in their childhoods .

Fantasy play makes its appearance in the second year of life , a time when children must start to suppress impulses and accept that certain desires will remain unsatisﬁed .
fantasy play makes its appearance in the second year of life , a time when children must start to suppress impulses and accept that certain desires will [stay] unsatisﬁed .

At the triangle ’ s bottom are basic products that remain in a retailer ’ s or manufacturer ’ s collection for several years , such as men ’ s white dress shirts or underwear .
at the triangle ’ s bottom are basic products that [stay] in a retailer ’ s or manufacturer ’ s collection for several years , such as men ’ s white dress shirts or underwear .

Proposition 5 : Even with full implementation of GATT , a viable apparel industry can remain in North America , drawing on a range of production processes in the United States , Canada , Mexico , the Caribbean , and Latin America .
proposition 5 : even with full implementation of gatt , a viable apparel industry can [stay] in north america , drawing on a range of production processes in the united states , canada , mexico , the caribbean , and latin america .

For the blue jeans discussed above , the selling environment will remain stable as long as competitors do not introduce competing products that draw from Levi ’ s demand ; fashion preferences do not change ; a new , more desirable type of denim is not introduced that customers prefer ; and the economy does not dip into a recession .
for the blue jeans discussed above , the selling environment will [stay] stable as long as competitors do not introduce competing products that draw from levi ’ s demand ; fashion preferences do not change ; a new , more desirable type of denim is not introduced that customers prefer ; and the economy does not dip into a recession .

At present , the four largest firms control about 40 percent of weaving and yarn mills output , although many finishing and dyeing companies and knitting firms remain small .
at present , the four largest firms control about 40 percent of weaving and yarn mills output , although many finishing and dyeing companies and knitting firms [stay] small .

Because the textile industry has become so capital intensive , there are fewer jobs than in the past—but the people who remain are , on average , paid more than apparel workers ; some lower-skill jobs , such as the picker tender opening bales of fiber , have now been automated out of existence .
because the textile industry has become so capital intensive , there are fewer jobs than in the past—but the people who [stay] are , on average , paid more than apparel workers ; some lower-skill jobs , such as the picker tender opening bales of fiber , have now been automated out of existence .

It specifies in the sale that , regardless of the apparel firm used to fabricate uniforms , Burlington ’ s cloth must be used.42 Another major textile company , Milliken , has a degree of common ownership with a retail business , Mercantile , although these arrangements remain unusual .
it specifies in the sale that , regardless of the apparel firm used to fabricate uniforms , burlington ’ s cloth must be used.42 another major textile company , milliken , has a degree of common ownership with a retail business , mercantile , although these arrangements [stay] unusual .

Our research indicates that the relationships between firms in the textile and apparel industries remain underdeveloped , with new competitive forces driving both sides to change .
our research indicates that the relationships between firms in the textile and apparel industries [stay] underdeveloped , with new competitive forces driving both sides to change .

The differences from country to country remain in the details—principally in the layout of the pattern on the cloth and in cutting the patterns .
the differences from country to country [stay] in the details—principally in the layout of the pattern on the cloth and in cutting the patterns .

To ensure that sewing workers remain busy and operate at high productivity , apparel manufacturers traditionally carry large ready-to-sew cut goods in front of their sewing lines .
to ensure that sewing workers [stay] busy and operate at high productivity , apparel manufacturers traditionally carry large ready-to-sew cut goods in front of their sewing lines .

These results remain even after controlling for other factors , such as product diversity , that may be related to both inventories and the adoption of modern manufacturing practices by suppliers .
these results [stay] even after controlling for other factors , such as product diversity , that may be related to both inventories and the adoption of modern manufacturing practices by suppliers .

At the same time , design , distribution centers , marketing—even cutting—as well as some short-cycle assembly remain in the market region .
at the same time , design , distribution centers , marketing—even cutting—as well as some short-cycle assembly [stay] in the market region .

Such avenues are at best a means for focusing the attention of key parties in order to build longer term mechanisms that remain even after public attention wanes .
such avenues are at best a means for focusing the attention of key parties in order to build longer term mechanisms that [stay] even after public attention wanes .

However , the obstacles to virtual retailing remain formidable .
however , the obstacles to virtual retailing [stay] formidable .

Finally , measurement , fit , color , and texture remain central components of apparel sales .
finally , measurement , fit , color , and texture [stay] central components of apparel sales .

As we have stated throughout , textiles and apparel remain significant sectors of the U.S. economy .
as we have stated throughout , textiles and apparel [stay] significant sectors of the u.s. economy .

Their social role in contemporary New Mexico is not as pronounced but some moradas still remain active .
their social role in contemporary new mexico is not as pronounced but some moradas still [stay] active .

Tucson ’ s proximity to Mexico , especially Sonora , permitted Tucsonenses to remain close to their Mexican heritage .
tucson ’ s proximity to mexico , especially sonora , permitted tucsonenses to [stay] close to their mexican heritage .

Formally speaking , the original charter of 1787 would remain in place , but it would be so radically transformed that it would stand to the ancien United States as the Code civil related to the French feudal order or , as any redeemed legal culture compares to the brutality and chaos that precedes it .
formally speaking , the original charter of 1787 would [stay] in place , but it would be so radically transformed that it would stand to the ancien united states as the code civil related to the french feudal order or , as any redeemed legal culture compares to the brutality and chaos that precedes it .

Would the presidency remain an independent third force of government ?
would the presidency [stay] an independent third force of government ?

The position is defensible , though in my view , there remain important differences between the romantic extralegal idea of nationhood and the formal legal concept of citizenship .
the position is defensible , though in my view , there [stay] important differences between the romantic extralegal idea of nationhood and the formal legal concept of citizenship .

The values of nationhood and equality would not remain forever hidden , camouflaged in the deep structure of constitutional thought .
the values of nationhood and equality would not [stay] forever hidden , camouflaged in the deep structure of constitutional thought .

There might be a strong link between thinking of the United States as a single organic nation and bringing God into politics , but it is much harder to make out Parker ’ s view that a democratic government would function “ under the unchanging law of God. ” The democratic idea is that people remain free to change the law by majority vote .
there might be a strong link between thinking of the united states as a single organic nation and bringing god into politics , but it is much harder to make out parker ’ s view that a democratic government would function “ under the unchanging law of god. ” the democratic idea is that people [stay] free to change the law by majority vote .

For example , the privilege against self-incrimination goes beyond the protection of the innocent to speak to the dignity of the suspect who may remain silent .
for example , the privilege against self-incrimination goes beyond the protection of the innocent to speak to the dignity of the suspect who may [stay] silent .

For religious faith to remain strong , it might be better for the state to keep its distance .
for religious faith to [stay] strong , it might be better for the state to keep its distance .

Even the great French Declaration of the Rights of Man , issued thirteen years after the French Revolution , preached a more limited version of equality— “ All men are born and remain equal under the law. ” 1 In its original context , the famous five words “ all men are created equal ” had a limited function .
even the great french declaration of the rights of man , issued thirteen years after the french revolution , preached a more limited version of equality— “ all men are born and [stay] equal under the law. ” 1 in its original context , the famous five words “ all men are created equal ” had a limited function .

They are created equal and remain equal in the eyes of their Creator .
they are created equal and [stay] equal in the eyes of their creator .

How much equality and the form that it should take remain a matter of constant debate .
how much equality and the form that it should take [stay] a matter of constant debate .

As in abstaining from killing , one can cross the initial stage of this spectrum and remain unsure about how far to ascend on the scale .
as in abstaining from killing , one can cross the initial stage of this spectrum and [stay] unsure about how far to ascend on the scale .

States ’ rights , the holding of blacks in a form of servitude called segregation , withholding the franchise from women—all of these would remain central issues for at least another hundred years .
states ’ rights , the holding of blacks in a form of servitude called segregation , withholding the franchise from women—all of these would [stay] central issues for at least another hundred years .

Peer group and family pressure can lead people to finish their university degree or to stay in difficult marriages or to remain loyal when tempted to act in self-interest .
peer group and family pressure can lead people to finish their university degree or to stay in difficult marriages or to [stay] loyal when tempted to act in self-interest .

From the outset , there were , and remain , reasons for deep skepticism about the enterprise of Investigations .
from the outset , there were , and [stay] , reasons for deep skepticism about the enterprise of investigations .

Thus , once the operon is activated , it will remain active , even if the concentration of lactose outside the cell is lowered from an initial high level required to activate the operon to some intermediate concentration .
thus , once the operon is activated , it will [stay] active , even if the concentration of lactose outside the cell is lowered from an initial high level required to activate the operon to some intermediate concentration .

Then small fluctuations of internal lactose concentration that cross the internal threshold separatrix concentration can cause the cell to jump from one to the other state of activity and remain in the other state for a relatively long time .
then small fluctuations of internal lactose concentration that cross the internal threshold separatrix concentration can cause the cell to jump from one to the other state of activity and [stay] in the other state for a relatively long time .

In short , cells must remain subcritical and cells in communities must remain subcritical , or else the rate of generation of molecular diversity would overwhelm the capacity of natural selection to winnow out the winners from the losers .
in short , cells must [stay] subcritical and cells in communities must [stay] subcritical , or else the rate of generation of molecular diversity would overwhelm the capacity of natural selection to winnow out the winners from the losers .

If the process is continued , the population will climb steadfastly uphill to a local fitness peak and remain in its vicinity .
if the process is continued , the population will climb steadfastly uphill to a local fitness peak and [stay] in its vicinity .

If plate tectonics rather slowly deforms the landscape , then whenever hikers are about to be dipped into the lethal bromine fog , they can take a sideways step in some direction and remain in the sunshine .
if plate tectonics rather slowly deforms the landscape , then whenever hikers are about to be dipped into the lethal bromine fog , they can take a sideways step in some direction and [stay] in the sunshine .

In the chaotic regime , the same movie shows that the majority of the genes remain green , twinkling on and o ( Figure .c ) .
in the chaotic regime , the same movie shows that the majority of the genes [stay] green , twinkling on and o ( figure .c ) .

Although the data are too few to warrant conclusion , the fraction of canalyzing inputs for K = , K = , and K = eukaryotic genes trends downward as K increases along the curve needed to remain just within the ordered regime .
although the data are too few to warrant conclusion , the fraction of canalyzing inputs for k = , k = , and k = eukaryotic genes trends downward as k increases along the curve needed to [stay] just within the ordered regime .

In this sense , all the creatures that remain become fitter due to the coevolutionary tuning of landscape ruggedness .
in this sense , all the creatures that [stay] become fitter due to the coevolutionary tuning of landscape ruggedness .

Thus , whatever the demon ’ s eorts , there remain the issues of just what features of a nonequilibrium system the demon must measure such that work can be extracted , how the demon knows to measure those features rather than other useless features , and how , once measured , couplings come into existence in the universe that actually extract work .
thus , whatever the demon ’ s eorts , there [stay] the issues of just what features of a nonequilibrium system the demon must measure such that work can be extracted , how the demon knows to measure those features rather than other useless features , and how , once measured , couplings come into existence in the universe that actually extract work .

Therefore , at a suciently low temperature such that the system can flow to and remain at a ground state , the NNNSNSSSN antiferromagnet is displaced from its lowest-energy equilibrium state , and in principle , work could be extracted from this system as it relaxes to one of the two lowest-energy states .
therefore , at a suciently low temperature such that the system can flow to and [stay] at a ground state , the nnnsnsssn antiferromagnet is displaced from its lowest-energy equilibrium state , and in principle , work could be extracted from this system as it relaxes to one of the two lowest-energy states .

In at least some simple models , when autonomous agents form a mutualism , A and B helping one another , they have found a means to create advantages of trade , and they can find and remain on a fixed point on the contract curve that establishes an exchange ratio = the price .
in at least some simple models , when autonomous agents form a mutualism , a and b helping one another , they have found a means to create advantages of trade , and they can find and [stay] on a fixed point on the contract curve that establishes an exchange ratio = the price .

Our fundamental theories in physics , and just one level up , biology , remain un-united .
our fundamental theories in physics , and just one level up , biology , [stay] un-united .

It remains true that general relativity and quantum mechanics remain fitfully fit , fitfully un-united .
it remains true that general relativity and quantum mechanics [stay] fitfully fit , fitfully un-united .

They remain at best mere suggestions for a research program .
they [stay] at best mere suggestions for a research program .

Ultimately , visitors who remain open-minded and ready for adventure will be rewarded by unexpected and unforgettable experiences available nowhere else on the planet .
ultimately , visitors who [stay] open-minded and ready for adventure will be rewarded by unexpected and unforgettable experiences available nowhere else on the planet .

Cloistered Franciscan nuns — a maximum of 33 ( the age of Jesus when he died ) but today far fewer — remain on the premises but stay out of sight during visiting hours .
cloistered franciscan nuns — a maximum of 33 ( the age of jesus when he died ) but today far fewer — [stay] on the premises but stay out of sight during visiting hours .

No signs of the Jewish presence remain , yet this five-aisled building , with 24 columns supporting horseshoe arches , was the main synagogue of 12th-century Toledo .
no signs of the jewish presence [stay] , yet this five-aisled building , with 24 columns supporting horseshoe arches , was the main synagogue of 12th-century toledo .

Most of the villages remain practically unchanged since their creation — save for a plethora of TV antennae — and offer a fascinating view of Greek village life , where tomatoes hang from every window and old folks discuss today ’ s news on their doorsteps .
most of the villages [stay] practically unchanged since their creation — save for a plethora of tv antennae — and offer a fascinating view of greek village life , where tomatoes hang from every window and old folks discuss today ’ s news on their doorsteps .

Small villages in the interior remain unspoiled , particularly because of their remote and hilly location .
small villages in the interior [stay] unspoiled , particularly because of their remote and hilly location .

When Henry returned to his duties he gave his drinking bowl to the family , saying that as long as the cup remained unbroken the family would remain at Muncaster .
when henry returned to his duties he gave his drinking bowl to the family , saying that as long as the cup remained unbroken the family would [stay] at muncaster .

Many visitors choose to remain in a single resort area and enjoy the creature comforts of beach , restaurant , and nightclub .
many visitors choose to [stay] in a single resort area and enjoy the creature comforts of beach , restaurant , and nightclub .

Scattered Maroon villages remain , their inhabitants still making a meager living out of the poor soil .
scattered maroon villages [stay] , their inhabitants still making a meager living out of the poor soil .

Few traditional ancestral halls remain in China since the anti-historical destruction during the Cultural Revolution , so these New Territories ancestral halls are rare survivors .
few traditional ancestral halls [stay] in china since the anti-historical destruction during the cultural revolution , so these new territories ancestral halls are rare survivors .

You can remain on the boat for the round trip , or disembark anywhere and return by bus or taxi .
you can [stay] on the boat for the round trip , or disembark anywhere and return by bus or taxi .

Big department stores and supermarkets of Palma buck tradition and remain open all day .
big department stores and supermarkets of palma buck tradition and [stay] open all day .

Their goals remain influential as India approaches the new millennium while it continues to modernize its industry and increase its agricultural output .
their goals [stay] influential as india approaches the new millennium while it continues to modernize its industry and increase its agricultural output .

African gold brought wealth in ancient times , and the darker skinned Nubians became invaluable trading partners to the ancient Egyptians ; living around Aswan in the south , they remain close to their roots and their strong musical traditions .
african gold brought wealth in ancient times , and the darker skinned nubians became invaluable trading partners to the ancient egyptians ; living around aswan in the south , they [stay] close to their roots and their strong musical traditions .

You ’ ll find that the Old City ’ s myriad colours , sounds , smells , and tastes stir the senses ; the Temple Mount ’ s architecture can take your breath away ; pilgrims tracing Christ ’ s journey to Calvary along the Via Dolorosa remain a deeply moving sight ; and the views from the Mount of Olives are stunning .
you ’ ll find that the old city ’ s myriad colours , sounds , smells , and tastes stir the senses ; the temple mount ’ s architecture can take your breath away ; pilgrims tracing christ ’ s journey to calvary along the via dolorosa [stay] a deeply moving sight ; and the views from the mount of olives are stunning .

Return to Foog ’ s Gate — the name and age of the gate remain a source of debate — to enter the upper ward and the oldest parts of the castle .
return to foog ’ s gate — the name and age of the gate [stay] a source of debate — to enter the upper ward and the oldest parts of the castle .

Tigers and leopards remain rare .
tigers and leopards [stay] rare .

Scarcely a hundred Sumatran Rhino remain ; the best place to see them is at the Sepilok sanctuary , where controlled breeding may combat the ravages of poaching .
scarcely a hundred sumatran rhino [stay] ; the best place to see them is at the sepilok sanctuary , where controlled breeding may combat the ravages of poaching .

Henry VIII ’ s break with Rome and the dissolution of the monasteries meant that by 1558 Dublin ’ s two cathedrals , Christ Church and St. Patrick ’ s , had become Protestant ( as they remain today , which sometimes surprises visitors ) .
henry viii ’ s break with rome and the dissolution of the monasteries meant that by 1558 dublin ’ s two cathedrals , christ church and st. patrick ’ s , had become protestant ( as they [stay] today , which sometimes surprises visitors ) .

In 1919 the conflict resulted in a partial victory for Ireland , and in 1921 the Partition Act enabled the six counties of Northern Ireland to remain in the union with Britain , while the remaining 26 became independent .
in 1919 the conflict resulted in a partial victory for ireland , and in 1921 the partition act enabled the six counties of northern ireland to [stay] in the union with britain , while the remaining 26 became independent .

Under terms of the cease-fire , Israeli forces were allowed to remain in position on Mount Scopus , resupplied once a month by a United Nations convoy of food and medicine .
under terms of the cease-fire , israeli forces were allowed to [stay] in position on mount scopus , resupplied once a month by a united nations convoy of food and medicine .

Tailor-made clothes are not as popular in Hong Kong as they were in the past , but hundreds of shops still remain .
tailor-made clothes are not as popular in hong kong as they were in the past , but hundreds of shops still [stay] .

Four monasteries developed as a source of protection still remain , and each has a church , monks ’ quarters and a sturdy high wall .
four monasteries developed as a source of protection still [stay] , and each has a church , monks ’ quarters and a sturdy high wall .

The town has a high percentage of Nubians in its population ; these people , though fully integrated into Egyptian society , remain proud of their separate cultural identity .
the town has a high percentage of nubians in its population ; these people , though fully integrated into egyptian society , [stay] proud of their separate cultural identity .

Fuji a cliché , nor can the most jaded of world travelers remain immune .
fuji a cliché , nor can the most jaded of world travelers [stay] immune .

Although small temples and shrines remain , visitors will enjoy exploring the covered shopping arcade between Shijo and Sanjo streets , famous for its second-hand bookstores , traditional hand-made paper ( washi ) shops , trendy but sometimes creative clothing stores , and numerous pickle shops .
although small temples and shrines [stay] , visitors will enjoy exploring the covered shopping arcade between shijo and sanjo streets , famous for its second-hand bookstores , traditional hand-made paper ( washi ) shops , trendy but sometimes creative clothing stores , and numerous pickle shops .

In a city overpopulated by must-see attractions , this is one place guaranteed to deplete whatever superlatives remain in your exhausted vocabulary .
in a city overpopulated by must-see attractions , this is one place guaranteed to deplete whatever superlatives [stay] in your exhausted vocabulary .

Their interest in Ibiza lay partly in its vast salt flats , which to this day remain the source of a profitable industry .
their interest in ibiza lay partly in its vast salt flats , which to this day [stay] the source of a profitable industry .

Their origins remain a my­s­tery ( their written language was finally deciphered in 1915 ) , but they came from the direction of the Caucasus moun­tains , spreading destruction and disorder throughout Anatolia .
their origins [stay] a my­s­tery ( their written language was finally deciphered in 1915 ) , but they came from the direction of the caucasus moun­tains , spreading destruction and disorder throughout anatolia .

With such a highly developed sense of ritual and tradition , Japan ’ s matsuri ( festivals ) are much more than just fun for the community : for many they remain integral to life itself .
with such a highly developed sense of ritual and tradition , japan ’ s matsuri ( festivals ) are much more than just fun for the community : for many they [stay] integral to life itself .

That other symbol of la dolce vita , the Via Veneto , has been deserted by its starlets and paparazzi and only the expensive cafés , once stylish shops , and five-star hotels remain .
that other symbol of la dolce vita , the via veneto , has been deserted by its starlets and paparazzi and only the expensive cafés , once stylish shops , and five-star hotels [stay] .

Only rows of cypress trees and summer pavilions remain from the more formal botanical gardens laid out here in the 16th century by the Farnese family .
only rows of cypress trees and summer pavilions [stay] from the more formal botanical gardens laid out here in the 16th century by the farnese family .

Only some wall fragments remain of the former Etruscan stronghold in Fiesole itself , but there are extensive Roman ruins , including a well-preserved amphitheater dating to 100 b.c .
only some wall fragments [stay] of the former etruscan stronghold in fiesole itself , but there are extensive roman ruins , including a well-preserved amphitheater dating to 100 b.c .

Just over a dozen remain .
just over a dozen [stay] .

One of the city ’ s many blessings is that there remain so many quiet and beautiful corners that have changed little with time .
one of the city ’ s many blessings is that there [stay] so many quiet and beautiful corners that have changed little with time .

At the end of the Via Rizzoli , the two leaning towers are all that remain of a whole forest of more than 200 medieval status-symbols — like those of San Gimignano in Tuscany ( see page 101 ) .
at the end of the via rizzoli , the two leaning towers are all that [stay] of a whole forest of more than 200 medieval status-symbols — like those of san gimignano in tuscany ( see page 101 ) .

According to this plan , areas that were predominantly Arab — the Gaza Strip , the central part of the country , the northwest corner , and the West Bank — were to remain under Arab control as Palestine , while the southern Negev Des­ert and the northern coastal strip would form the new State of Israel .
according to this plan , areas that were predominantly arab — the gaza strip , the central part of the country , the northwest corner , and the west bank — were to [stay] under arab control as palestine , while the southern negev des­ert and the northern coastal strip would form the new state of israel .

Areas may go in and out of fashion but each will remain instantly recognizable to the visitor .
areas may go in and out of fashion but each will [stay] instantly recognizable to the visitor .

The elegant 17th- and 18th-century façades of the Palais des Ducs conceal the underlying Renaissance structures of the dukes ’ heyday , but many of their treasures remain to be seen inside , in the Musée des Beaux-Arts .
the elegant 17th- and 18th-century façades of the palais des ducs conceal the underlying renaissance structures of the dukes ’ heyday , but many of their treasures [stay] to be seen inside , in the musée des beaux-arts .

Only the right arm of one of the two transepts and the octagonal belltower , the Clocher de l ’ Eau-Bénite , remain .
only the right arm of one of the two transepts and the octagonal belltower , the clocher de l ’ eau-bénite , [stay] .

The building is undergoing restoration that will last until 2004 but the exhibits are expected to remain open .
the building is undergoing restoration that will last until 2004 but the exhibits are expected to [stay] open .

The old , rusted cannons are all that remain of the fortifications that once protected the islanders from pirates .
the old , rusted cannons are all that [stay] of the fortifications that once protected the islanders from pirates .

If you come expecting a nightmarish land of charter flights , tour buses , and beer-stained beach hangouts , you may be shocked at how remote and undeveloped many parts of these small islands remain .
if you come expecting a nightmarish land of charter flights , tour buses , and beer-stained beach hangouts , you may be shocked at how remote and undeveloped many parts of these small islands [stay] .

Up to 20,000 Nabateans may have once lived here , but earthquakes in the fourth and eighth centuries destroyed most of the city ; what remain today are only the sturdiest , most monumental tombs and temples .
up to 20,000 nabateans may have once lived here , but earthquakes in the fourth and eighth centuries destroyed most of the city ; what [stay] today are only the sturdiest , most monumental tombs and temples .

Everybody hopes Hong Kong will remain stable , but everyone also has their doubts .
everybody hopes hong kong will [stay] stable , but everyone also has their doubts .

Florentine leather goods remain unequalled .
florentine leather goods [stay] unequalled .

Few Arab buildings remain , having been razed during the Reconquest , but the old quarter ( Centre Historic on direction signs ) still abounds with buildings of historic interest , preserved when Palma fell into decline in the 16th and 17th centuries .
few arab buildings [stay] , having been razed during the reconquest , but the old quarter ( centre historic on direction signs ) still abounds with buildings of historic interest , preserved when palma fell into decline in the 16th and 17th centuries .

No matter what the future holds , Japan will remain one of the world ’ s most intriguing destinations for travelers everywhere .
no matter what the future holds , japan will [stay] one of the world ’ s most intriguing destinations for travelers everywhere .

With many renovations dating from the 90s economic boom , its hotels and clubs remain spectacularly impervious to the curent downturn .
with many renovations dating from the 90s economic boom , its hotels and clubs [stay] spectacularly impervious to the curent downturn .

What ’ s more , Mrs. Knott ’ s chicken dinners remain in great demand ; they are served at the restaurant at the park entrance .
what ’ s more , mrs. knott ’ s chicken dinners [stay] in great demand ; they are served at the restaurant at the park entrance .

Away From the City Center To see the tin magnates ’ mansions that remain standing , take a taxi ride on Jalan Ampang some 10 km ( 6 miles ) northwest out of town .
away from the city center to see the tin magnates ’ mansions that [stay] standing , take a taxi ride on jalan ampang some 10 km ( 6 miles ) northwest out of town .

While there are an ever-increasing number of major department stalls and malls , night markets remain a favorite throughout Malaysia for good deals , excellent local food , and just plain entertainment value .
while there are an ever-increasing number of major department stalls and malls , night markets [stay] a favorite throughout malaysia for good deals , excellent local food , and just plain entertainment value .

Kelantan ’ s isolation , as well as its embrace of Islam since the 17th century , kept 19th-century British colonial influence and economic change at bay and enabled this cradle of Malay culture to remain intact .
kelantan ’ s isolation , as well as its embrace of islam since the 17th century , kept 19th-century british colonial influence and economic change at bay and enabled this cradle of malay culture to [stay] intact .

Much less developed than the parks of Sarawak and Sabah — and so much more pristine — Endau-Rompin offers a unique challenge to the adventurous traveler , but facilities for accommodation remain limited , with only four campsites in the park , able to accommodate between 250 and 300 visitors .
much less developed than the parks of sarawak and sabah — and so much more pristine — endau-rompin offers a unique challenge to the adventurous traveler , but facilities for accommodation [stay] limited , with only four campsites in the park , able to accommodate between 250 and 300 visitors .

The most fascinating remain the pink-speckled , carnivorous pitcher plants .
the most fascinating [stay] the pink-speckled , carnivorous pitcher plants .

Although Singapore ’ s recent economic growth has led to higher prices , the quality and variety of goods remain big draws .
although singapore ’ s recent economic growth has led to higher prices , the quality and variety of goods [stay] big draws .

Diving , snorkeling , bay cruises , and other water-oriented activities are the main attractions here ; dining , nightlife , and shopping remain very limited .
diving , snorkeling , bay cruises , and other water-oriented activities are the main attractions here ; dining , nightlife , and shopping [stay] very limited .

This king once told his people that as long as such birds did not fly away , his spirit would remain in the valley .
this king once told his people that as long as such birds did not fly away , his spirit would [stay] in the valley .

Standing at the highest point in Paris , it ’ s one of the city ’ s principal landmarks , and one of the few to remain perennially controversial .
standing at the highest point in paris , it ’ s one of the city ’ s principal landmarks , and one of the few to [stay] perennially controversial .

The Left Bank has its share of monuments and museums , and Les Jardins du Luxembourg remain an evergreen favorite .
the left bank has its share of monuments and museums , and les jardins du luxembourg [stay] an evergreen favorite .

The thick wooden doors are an impressive sight ; they were locked and guarded each night but now remain open to allow people to stroll along the seafront .
the thick wooden doors are an impressive sight ; they were locked and guarded each night but now [stay] open to allow people to stroll along the seafront .

They remain tolerant and helpful , even though they know that their lovely coast is no longer just theirs .
they [stay] tolerant and helpful , even though they know that their lovely coast is no longer just theirs .

Today , only a few buildings remain from before the fires ; the wooden Het Houten Huis in the Begijnhof is considered the oldest .
today , only a few buildings [stay] from before the fires ; the wooden het houten huis in the begijnhof is considered the oldest .

The Dutch hoped to remain neutral at the outbreak of WWII , but the Germans had other ideas and occupied the Low Countries in 1940 .
the dutch hoped to [stay] neutral at the outbreak of wwii , but the germans had other ideas and occupied the low countries in 1940 .

Traces remain of older parts of the temple carved out of the cliff face , a natural aggregate of volcanic debris which quickly wears away — the pebbly beach here is the result .
traces [stay] of older parts of the temple carved out of the cliff face , a natural aggregate of volcanic debris which quickly wears away — the pebbly beach here is the result .

Kublai Khan erected his own capital in 1279 on the shores of Beijing ’ s Beihai Lake , where some of his imperial treasures remain on display today .
kublai khan erected his own capital in 1279 on the shores of beijing ’ s beihai lake , where some of his imperial treasures [stay] on display today .

Only a few of the venerable city gates and towers remain standing today .
only a few of the venerable city gates and towers [stay] standing today .

The provinces insisted that the Constitution remain with London rather than let Ottawa infringe on their prerogatives .
the provinces insisted that the constitution [stay] with london rather than let ottawa infringe on their prerogatives .

In fact , quite apart from the more tangible facets of Indian life that the Dene Nation is trying to preserve — language , customs , hunting and fishing grounds —the traditional values are what remain vitally important .
in fact , quite apart from the more tangible facets of indian life that the dene nation is trying to preserve — language , customs , hunting and fishing grounds —the traditional values are what [stay] vitally important .

Some 12,000 Micmac remain , in 27 reserves in the Atlantic provinces and Québec .
some 12,000 micmac [stay] , in 27 reserves in the atlantic provinces and québec .

At the age of 15 they were allowed to marry or to remain in the sanctuary for life .
at the age of 15 they were allowed to marry or to [stay] in the sanctuary for life .

Many of the commercial stores close and only the residents remain — a community of artists , Portuguese fishermen , and a handful of restaurateurs .
many of the commercial stores close and only the residents [stay] — a community of artists , portuguese fishermen , and a handful of restaurateurs .

About 50,000 statues remain — from the size of a postage stamp to the height of a five-story house — despite the rigors of time , the weather , and marauders .
about 50,000 statues [stay] — from the size of a postage stamp to the height of a five-story house — despite the rigors of time , the weather , and marauders .

A few charming older neighborhoods remain around the city ’ s main park , Green Lake ( Cuihui ) , and the lake is charming , too , particularly on a Sunday when families visit and in winter when the “ laughing gulls ” stop over on their way from Siberia .
a few charming older neighborhoods [stay] around the city ’ s main park , green lake ( cuihui ) , and the lake is charming , too , particularly on a sunday when families visit and in winter when the “ laughing gulls ” stop over on their way from siberia .

The 40 painted walls and ceilings that remain have almost faded into the gray dust of the engulfing desert .
the 40 painted walls and ceilings that [stay] have almost faded into the gray dust of the engulfing desert .

By the end of the 10th century , he had united his tribal territory , Wielkopolska ( Great Poland ) , with that of another tribe , Malopolska ( Little Poland ) — regional names that remain current today .
by the end of the 10th century , he had united his tribal territory , wielkopolska ( great poland ) , with that of another tribe , malopolska ( little poland ) — regional names that [stay] current today .

After his wife ’ s death , Jagiello ruled both Poland and Lithuania for nearly half a century , establishing a dynasty that would remain in power until 1572 .
after his wife ’ s death , jagiello ruled both poland and lithuania for nearly half a century , establishing a dynasty that would [stay] in power until 1572 .

Today , the barbed wire and barriers are gone , but the memories remain , housed in the fascinat-ing Haus am Checkpoint Charlie Museum .
today , the barbed wire and barriers are gone , but the memories [stay] , housed in the fascinat-ing haus am checkpoint charlie museum .

Chaves was an important Roman spa town , known as Aquae Flaviae , and its hot springs ( good for rheumatism and gout ) remain open in summer .
chaves was an important roman spa town , known as aquae flaviae , and its hot springs ( good for rheumatism and gout ) [stay] open in summer .

The Sé ’ s unusual cathedral tower , main portico , and two interior chapels are all that remain of the original 13th-century Gothic building .
the sé ’ s unusual cathedral tower , main portico , and two interior chapels are all that [stay] of the original 13th-century gothic building .

After the Boers lost the war , many of the prisoners chose to remain in Bermuda rather than accept a British South Africa .
after the boers lost the war , many of the prisoners chose to [stay] in bermuda rather than accept a british south africa .

In keeping with their Berber origins the Guanches were cave dwellers , though by no means did all Guanches live in the rocks , and many of the original caves that remain today ( for example the Cuevas de Valerón on Gran Canaria ) were probably used only for storage .
in keeping with their berber origins the guanches were cave dwellers , though by no means did all guanches live in the rocks , and many of the original caves that [stay] today ( for example the cuevas de valerón on gran canaria ) were probably used only for storage .

Relative to other European countries , many consumer goods remain somewhat cheaper in Portugal .
relative to other european countries , many consumer goods [stay] somewhat cheaper in portugal .

The Sé ’ s unusual cathedral tower , main portico , and two interior chapels are all that remain of the original 13th-century Gothic building .
the sé ’ s unusual cathedral tower , main portico , and two interior chapels are all that [stay] of the original 13th-century gothic building .

It is slowly receiving a massive facelift , with assistance from UNESCO , but most of its mansions remain in terrible disrepair .
it is slowly receiving a massive facelift , with assistance from unesco , but most of its mansions [stay] in terrible disrepair .

Afro-Cuban traditions remain strong , reflected in music ( walk down any street and a cacophony of sounds emanates from unseen sources ) and particularly in carnaval , now a pale shadow of its former self — due to lack of resources — but still Cuba ’ s best .
afro-cuban traditions [stay] strong , reflected in music ( walk down any street and a cacophony of sounds emanates from unseen sources ) and particularly in carnaval , now a pale shadow of its former self — due to lack of resources — but still cuba ’ s best .

His white marble throne , golden crown , and red coffin ( along with the coffins of his wife and first concubine ) remain in the tomb .
his white marble throne , golden crown , and red coffin ( along with the coffins of his wife and first concubine ) [stay] in the tomb .

As lawyers try to meet demands with technology , the basic needs remain : meeting the need for legal services among the poor or underserved .
as lawyers try to meet demands with technology , the basic needs [stay] : meeting the need for legal services among the poor or underserved .

Although an order 's requirements that an abuser stay away from a victim may remain in effect for years , protective orders only settle issues such as child custody , child support , custody and property arrangements for 150 days .
although an order 's requirements that an abuser stay away from a victim may [stay] in effect for years , protective orders only settle issues such as child custody , child support , custody and property arrangements for 150 days .

How can you remain affordable and still pay your rent ?
how can you [stay] affordable and still pay your rent ?

Satellite facilities in Clay , Hamlin and Summersville and all 11 regional offices will remain open .
satellite facilities in clay , hamlin and summersville and all 11 regional offices will [stay] open .

Even in good times - for lawyers , at least - there remain two seemingly immovable stumbling blocks for private attorneys willing to go to bat for poor people caught up in Civil Court matters : Corporate lawyers whose transactional work seldom takes them inside a live courtroom full of emotional , frightened civilians and testy judges may feel like fish out of water in the great sea of pro bono work : divorce and child custody issues , landlord-tenant suits , workers ' compensation and Social Security claims .
even in good times - for lawyers , at least - there [stay] two seemingly immovable stumbling blocks for private attorneys willing to go to bat for poor people caught up in civil court matters : corporate lawyers whose transactional work seldom takes them inside a live courtroom full of emotional , frightened civilians and testy judges may feel like fish out of water in the great sea of pro bono work : divorce and child custody issues , landlord-tenant suits , workers ' compensation and social security claims .

It is so important that the courts remain open to all citizens not just the rich . ''
it is so important that the courts [stay] open to all citizens not just the rich . ''

Individual and corporate donations remain strong , but so far no large organization has stepped forward with a big challenge grant , as has happened in each of the past three years .
individual and corporate donations [stay] strong , but so far no large organization has stepped forward with a big challenge grant , as has happened in each of the past three years .

Most have no financial resources , which is why so many remain in abusive situations for years .
most have no financial resources , which is why so many [stay] in abusive situations for years .

She also noted that while an attorney might be taking on a case pro bono , the implications of handling the case poorly remain constant .
she also noted that while an attorney might be taking on a case pro bono , the implications of handling the case poorly [stay] constant .

Lawyers in their first three years of practice or who are inactive but wish to remain on the roll of attorneys pay $ 90 .
lawyers in their first three years of practice or who are inactive but wish to [stay] on the roll of attorneys pay $ 90 .

She said the Bergen office will otherwise remain intact .
she said the bergen office will otherwise [stay] intact .

The statistics might seem cold , but it 's impossib le to remain complacent after meeting someone like Katherine -- or a family who has been left homeless by an illegal eviction , a senior who lost his home to foreclosure from a crooked loan transaction , or a domestic violence victim unable to navigate the courts to get a restraining order .
the statistics might seem cold , but it 's impossib le to [stay] complacent after meeting someone like katherine -- or a family who has been left homeless by an illegal eviction , a senior who lost his home to foreclosure from a crooked loan transaction , or a domestic violence victim unable to navigate the courts to get a restraining order .

In addition , the target of the intervention ( at-risk drinkers , problem drinkers , alcohol-dependent drinkers ) and the mechanism of intervention ( physician , nursing staff , social workers , technology with or without provider advice ) remain open questions .
in addition , the target of the intervention ( at-risk drinkers , problem drinkers , alcohol-dependent drinkers ) and the mechanism of intervention ( physician , nursing staff , social workers , technology with or without provider advice ) [stay] open questions .

Serious logistical challenges remain in developing systems that facilitate the use of these techniques on a regular basis .
serious logistical challenges [stay] in developing systems that facilitate the use of these techniques on a regular basis .

Theoretically , an ideal test should remain accurate throughout the alcohol use spectrum .
theoretically , an ideal test should [stay] accurate throughout the alcohol use spectrum .

An ideal test should remain accurate in the presence of common ED problems , such as stress , injury , acute illness , intoxication , other drug use , depression , and anxiety disorders .
an ideal test should [stay] accurate in the presence of common ed problems , such as stress , injury , acute illness , intoxication , other drug use , depression , and anxiety disorders .

An ideal test should also remain accurate with differences in gender , age , race , ethnicity , or language .
an ideal test should also [stay] accurate with differences in gender , age , race , ethnicity , or language .

Brown suggested that the recommendation remain as is , but that the supporting text list ways that priorities could be changed .
brown suggested that the recommendation [stay] as is , but that the supporting text list ways that priorities could be changed .

Often it has taken years for the consolidated functions in new departments to effectively build on their combined strengths , and it is not uncommon for these structures to remain as management challenges for decades .
often it has taken years for the consolidated functions in new departments to effectively build on their combined strengths , and it is not uncommon for these structures to [stay] as management challenges for decades .

We remain concerned that the proposed transfer of control and priority setting for research from the organizations where the research would be conducted could be disruptive to dual purpose programs , which have important synergies for public health programs that need to be maintained.11 Similarly , we have testified that the President 's proposal , in tasking the new department with developing national policy for and coordinating the federal government 's research and development efforts for responding to chemical , biological , radiological , and nuclear weapons threats , also transfers some of the civilian research programs of the Department of Energy.12 Again , there may be implications for research synergy .
we [stay] concerned that the proposed transfer of control and priority setting for research from the organizations where the research would be conducted could be disruptive to dual purpose programs , which have important synergies for public health programs that need to be maintained.11 similarly , we have testified that the president 's proposal , in tasking the new department with developing national policy for and coordinating the federal government 's research and development efforts for responding to chemical , biological , radiological , and nuclear weapons threats , also transfers some of the civilian research programs of the department of energy.12 again , there may be implications for research synergy .

Combating Terrorism : Federal Response Teams Provide Varied Capabilities : Opportunities Remain to Improve Coordination ( GAO-01- 14 , November 30 , 2000 ) .
combating terrorism : federal response teams provide varied capabilities : opportunities [stay] to improve coordination ( gao-01- 14 , november 30 , 2000 ) .

We are holding a follow-up forum on December 9 , 2002 to discuss what actions have been taken by a variety of parties and those that remain in order to help restore public trust and confidence .
we are holding a follow-up forum on december 9 , 2002 to discuss what actions have been taken by a variety of parties and those that [stay] in order to help restore public trust and confidence .

Nonetheless , becoming more efficient is not enough to remain competitive .
nonetheless , becoming more efficient is not enough to [stay] competitive .

To remain competitive and ensure continued growth , Hewlett Packard formed a task force to find ways to reduce the cost of the finance organization .
to [stay] competitive and ensure continued growth , hewlett packard formed a task force to find ways to reduce the cost of the finance organization .

While they recognize the need for change , according to the CFOs surveyed , many questions remain unanswered regarding how best to scope , define , and organize finance office responsibilities .
while they recognize the need for change , according to the cfos surveyed , many questions [stay] unanswered regarding how best to scope , define , and organize finance office responsibilities .

Once committed to a plan of action , they must remain steadfast supporters of the end goals and their support must be transparent to all .
once committed to a plan of action , they must [stay] steadfast supporters of the end goals and their support must be transparent to all .

Therefore , the standards , as proposed , remain unchanged .
therefore , the standards , as proposed , [stay] unchanged .

Post-1991 direct loans or loan guarantees will remain with their original cohort throughout the life of the loan , even if the loan is modified .
post-1991 direct loans or loan guarantees will [stay] with their original cohort throughout the life of the loan , even if the loan is modified .

Controls can reduce , to an acceptable level , the risk that a significant mistake could occur and remain undetected and uncorrected .
controls can reduce , to an acceptable level , the risk that a significant mistake could occur and [stay] undetected and uncorrected .

After July 8 , 1997 , GAO/OGC-97-46 approximately 850 of those small entities would remain eligible for registration with the SEC .
after july 8 , 1997 , gao/ogc-97-46 approximately 850 of those small entities would [stay] eligible for registration with the sec .

While new technologies and reengineering of business processes may change how certifying and disbursing officers operate , their basic responsibilities and accountabilities remain unaltered .
while new technologies and reengineering of business processes may change how certifying and disbursing officers operate , their basic responsibilities and accountabilities [stay] unaltered .

Consequently , these officers must have valid and documented assurances that the systems and key controls on which they rely for authorizing payments are working as intended and remain intact and effective over time .
consequently , these officers must have valid and documented assurances that the systems and key controls on which they rely for authorizing payments are working as intended and [stay] intact and effective over time .

Although automation of payment processes helps streamline operations , the basic responsibilities of the certifying and disbursing officers remain the same .
although automation of payment processes helps streamline operations , the basic responsibilities of the certifying and disbursing officers [stay] the same .

These risks would be acceptably mitigated if the statistical sampling plan provided for ( 1 ) the scope or extent of invoice examination to be commensurate with the risk to the government,14 ( 2 ) sampling from the universe of all invoices under $ 2,500 not subject to complete examination , ( 3 ) effective monitoring to ensure that the plan is effectively implemented and the risks to the government remain within tolerable limits , and ( 4 ) a continuing relationship with the vendor so that the risk of loss is minimized .
these risks would be acceptably mitigated if the statistical sampling plan provided for ( 1 ) the scope or extent of invoice examination to be commensurate with the risk to the government,14 ( 2 ) sampling from the universe of all invoices under $ 2,500 not subject to complete examination , ( 3 ) effective monitoring to ensure that the plan is effectively implemented and the risks to the government [stay] within tolerable limits , and ( 4 ) a continuing relationship with the vendor so that the risk of loss is minimized .

Internal control must ensure that ( 1 ) the digital images accurately represent the corresponding paper document , ( 2 ) any changes to the original digital image can be detected , ( 3 ) access to the images is limited to authorized personnel for authorized purposes , and ( 4 ) the digital images are not destroyed , but remain accessible until the applicable retention period expires .
internal control must ensure that ( 1 ) the digital images accurately represent the corresponding paper document , ( 2 ) any changes to the original digital image can be detected , ( 3 ) access to the images is limited to authorized personnel for authorized purposes , and ( 4 ) the digital images are not destroyed , but [stay] accessible until the applicable retention period expires .

Congressional mandates and requests continue to represent over 90 percent of our work , and our workload and productivity remain at near-record levels .
congressional mandates and requests continue to represent over 90 percent of our work , and our workload and productivity [stay] at near-record levels .

The funds we are requesting are essential to helping us remain prepared to meet the complex , controversial , and multidimensional issues and challenges confronting the Congress now and in the future .
the funds we are requesting are essential to helping us [stay] prepared to meet the complex , controversial , and multidimensional issues and challenges confronting the congress now and in the future .

Stabilizing the Balkans : Despite the presence of two large forces led by the North Atlantic Treaty Organization , the Balkans remain volatile .
stabilizing the balkans : despite the presence of two large forces led by the north atlantic treaty organization , the balkans [stay] volatile .

Our assistance to the Congress at public hearings continues to remain high , as illustrated below .
our assistance to the congress at public hearings continues to [stay] high , as illustrated below .

Enhanced internal communications that remain a vital tool for change management throughout the agency .
enhanced internal communications that [stay] a vital tool for change management throughout the agency .

Finally , FSIS considered the comments of several state government officials that the rule imposed an unfunded mandate on State inspection programs because of the need for these programs to remain `` at least equal to '' the Federal inspection program .
finally , fsis considered the comments of several state government officials that the rule imposed an unfunded mandate on state inspection programs because of the need for these programs to [stay] `` at least equal to '' the federal inspection program .

However , many challenges remain .
however , many challenges [stay] .

The Congress has expressed concern that the forces that remain may not be sufficient to implement the national military strategy and may not be sufficiently prepared to respond to the threats of the 21st century .
the congress has expressed concern that the forces that [stay] may not be sufficient to implement the national military strategy and may not be sufficiently prepared to respond to the threats of the 21st century .

It will certainly require a more stable GAO , in which budget and personnel levels remain consistent from year to year and reflect a work plan built from the strategic plan .
it will certainly require a more stable gao , in which budget and personnel levels [stay] consistent from year to year and reflect a work plan built from the strategic plan .

They noted that the funding must be reliable so that the organization could plan , budget , and remain consistent in its activities .
they noted that the funding must be reliable so that the organization could plan , budget , and [stay] consistent in its activities .

To keep abreast of the changes , especially those in automation , we have revised this document to emphasize the attention that should remain regarding effective internal control in T & A systems .
to keep abreast of the changes , especially those in automation , we have revised this document to emphasize the attention that should [stay] regarding effective internal control in t & a systems .

For example , see U.S. General Accounting Office , Energy Markets : Concerted Actions Needed by FERC to Confront Challenges That Impede Effective Oversight , GAO-02-656 ( Washington , D.C. : June 14 , 2002 ) ; HUD Management : Progress Made on Management Reforms , but Challenges Remain , GAO-02-45 ( Washington , D.C. : Oct. 31 , 2001 ) ; Major Management Challenges and Program Risks : Department of Energy , GAO-01-246 ( Washington , D.C. : January 2001 ) ; and Medicare : 21st Century Challenges Prompt Fresh Thinking About Program 's Administrative Structure , GAO/T-HEHS-00-108 ( Washington , D.C. : May 4 , 2000 ) .
for example , see u.s. general accounting office , energy markets : concerted actions needed by ferc to confront challenges that impede effective oversight , gao-02-656 ( washington , d.c. : june 14 , 2002 ) ; hud management : progress made on management reforms , but challenges [stay] , gao-02-45 ( washington , d.c. : oct. 31 , 2001 ) ; major management challenges and program risks : department of energy , gao-01-246 ( washington , d.c. : january 2001 ) ; and medicare : 21st century challenges prompt fresh thinking about program 's administrative structure , gao/t-hehs-00-108 ( washington , d.c. : may 4 , 2000 ) .

While we remain sensitive of the need to maintain our institutional independence , we are working constructively with OPM , OMB , and others to explore opportunities to develop a more fully integrated set of guidance and tools for agencies to address their human capital challenges.15 In addition to providing tools to help agencies help themselves , we believe it is our responsibility to lead by example .
while we [stay] sensitive of the need to maintain our institutional independence , we are working constructively with opm , omb , and others to explore opportunities to develop a more fully integrated set of guidance and tools for agencies to address their human capital challenges.15 in addition to providing tools to help agencies help themselves , we believe it is our responsibility to lead by example .

If State and Federal excise taxes remain at the current levels , tax revenues will decrease over time because of decreased sales .
if state and federal excise taxes [stay] at the current levels , tax revenues will decrease over time because of decreased sales .

Because information technology changes rapidly , controls must evolve to remain effective .
because information technology changes rapidly , controls must evolve to [stay] effective .

As part of this model , a prototype is developed or revised whenever a risk analysis shows that significant areas of uncertainty remain that pose substantial risks to project success .
as part of this model , a prototype is developed or revised whenever a risk analysis shows that significant areas of uncertainty [stay] that pose substantial risks to project success .

It allows the evaluator to remain alert to other questions that might prove more salient if allowed to emerge .
it allows the evaluator to [stay] alert to other questions that might prove more salient if allowed to emerge .

Unresolved Issues Remain , vols .
unresolved issues [stay] , vols .

In other words , other spending and revenue both remain constant as shares of GDP .
in other words , other spending and revenue both [stay] constant as shares of gdp .

For simplicity , we assumed nonfederal saving-saving by households , businesses , and state and local governments-would remain constant as a share of GDP in both fiscal policy simulations .
for simplicity , we assumed nonfederal saving-saving by households , businesses , and state and local governments-would [stay] constant as a share of gdp in both fiscal policy simulations .

Higher GDP in turn lessens the share of the nation 's output dedicated to government transfer programs in our modeling because we use a simplifying assumption that such programs do not simply keep pace with overall economic growth.2 In our simulations , we make the simplifying assumption that the combined saving rate of the household , business , and state and local government sectors will remain constant throughout the simulation period at 16.1 percent of GDP-average nonfederal saving as a share of GDP since 1998.3 Future saving rates of these sectors will of course vary in response to a variety of influences , such as demographics , expectations , and changes in preferences .
higher gdp in turn lessens the share of the nation 's output dedicated to government transfer programs in our modeling because we use a simplifying assumption that such programs do not simply keep pace with overall economic growth.2 in our simulations , we make the simplifying assumption that the combined saving rate of the household , business , and state and local government sectors will [stay] constant throughout the simulation period at 16.1 percent of gdp-average nonfederal saving as a share of gdp since 1998.3 future saving rates of these sectors will of course vary in response to a variety of influences , such as demographics , expectations , and changes in preferences .

Thereafter , receipts remain at 20.2 percent of GAO 's simulated GDP on a NIPA basis , which is the rate that CBO projects for 2010 .
thereafter , receipts [stay] at 20.2 percent of gao 's simulated gdp on a nipa basis , which is the rate that cbo projects for 2010 .

On a unified budget basis , revenues remain at 20.4 percent of GDP after 2010 .
on a unified budget basis , revenues [stay] at 20.4 percent of gdp after 2010 .

The CIO and supporting organization must have active support and commitment at the very top of the enterprise or they will remain limited and tangential to the business , despite their potential contribution to mission accomplishment .
the cio and supporting organization must have active support and commitment at the very top of the enterprise or they will [stay] limited and tangential to the business , despite their potential contribution to mission accomplishment .

On the other hand , there are responsibilities such as IT planning and oversight that must remain in-house .
on the other hand , there are responsibilities such as it planning and oversight that must [stay] in-house .

The advice of CIOs of leading organizations should remain relevant regardless of the specifics of the situation .
the advice of cios of leading organizations should [stay] relevant regardless of the specifics of the situation .

Though the environment faced by a CIO in the federal sector clearly differs from that of CIOs in other contexts , the principles that form the basis for this guide remain relevant .
though the environment faced by a cio in the federal sector clearly differs from that of cios in other contexts , the principles that form the basis for this guide [stay] relevant .

Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 ( FASA ) ( Public Law 103-355 ) ¬ This law requires agencies to define cost , schedule , and performance goals for federal acquisition programs ( to include IT projects ) and monitor these programs to ensure that they remain within prescribed tolerances .
federal acquisition streamlining act of 1994 ( fasa ) ( public law 103-355 ) ¬ this law requires agencies to define cost , schedule , and performance goals for federal acquisition programs ( to include it projects ) and monitor these programs to ensure that they [stay] within prescribed tolerances .

The Court of Appeals considered whether the language restricting LSC attorneys could be severed from the statute so that the remaining portions would remain operative .
the court of appeals considered whether the language restricting lsc attorneys could be severed from the statute so that the remaining portions would [stay] operative .

In the current climate of scarce resources , LSC must remain committed to pursuing bold new approaches that foster effective legal assistance to low-income clients , including overhauling service areas adjudged to be insufficiently responsive to the tenets of State Planning .
in the current climate of scarce resources , lsc must [stay] committed to pursuing bold new approaches that foster effective legal assistance to low-income clients , including overhauling service areas adjudged to be insufficiently responsive to the tenets of state planning .

Each emphasized three central themes : 1 ) The imperative that each state must have a vision that encompasses a full range of services ; 2 ) The challenge of orienting existing staff to a new or changing vision , inculcating the vision and mission within the staff , and , uniting staff ( old and new ) over a common vision , whether in a single office or scattered office setting ; and , 3 ) The challenge of balancing vision with fiscal reality , recognizing that as funds remain static or decline , the need for collaboration increases and , at the same time , the threat of fractionalization increases .
each emphasized three central themes : 1 ) the imperative that each state must have a vision that encompasses a full range of services ; 2 ) the challenge of orienting existing staff to a new or changing vision , inculcating the vision and mission within the staff , and , uniting staff ( old and new ) over a common vision , whether in a single office or scattered office setting ; and , 3 ) the challenge of balancing vision with fiscal reality , recognizing that as funds [stay] static or decline , the need for collaboration increases and , at the same time , the threat of fractionalization increases .

Participants agreed that in order to identify and serve groups that remain isolated , we need to broaden our language bases , bring more qualified support staff to our programs , use community leaders and be sensitive to tension between disenfranchised communities .
participants agreed that in order to identify and serve groups that [stay] isolated , we need to broaden our language bases , bring more qualified support staff to our programs , use community leaders and be sensitive to tension between disenfranchised communities .

The statutory validity that courts assume in LSC cases will remain open for full determination in later cases .
the statutory validity that courts assume in lsc cases will [stay] open for full determination in later cases .

The remaining eligible aliens , those fleeing persecution and permitted to remain in or enter the United States as refugees , asylees or conditional entrants , also generally are freely permitted to travel outside of the United States as long as they satisfy the documentary requirements for admission into the United States .
the remaining eligible aliens , those fleeing persecution and permitted to [stay] in or enter the united states as refugees , asylees or conditional entrants , also generally are freely permitted to travel outside of the united states as long as they satisfy the documentary requirements for admission into the united states .

Alien farmworkers may remain in Mexico annually for two to six months .
alien farmworkers may [stay] in mexico annually for two to six months .

H-2A workers are legally entitled to work only for their designated employer , and thus are uniquely dependent upon their employer for their right to work and remain in the United States .
h-2a workers are legally entitled to work only for their designated employer , and thus are uniquely dependent upon their employer for their right to work and [stay] in the united states .

This dependency can be acute because of the costs incurred by workers in getting to the United States , their poverty , and their corresponding desire to remain and work in the United States and to return in future years .
this dependency can be acute because of the costs incurred by workers in getting to the united states , their poverty , and their corresponding desire to [stay] and work in the united states and to return in future years .

The relationship between H-2A workers ' unwillingness to complain and their bonded status is illustrated by the fact that when the possibility arose that Florida H-2A sugar industry workers may be able to remain permanently in the United States and work anywhere in the U.S. , the number of workers willing to complain to legal services significantly increased .
the relationship between h-2a workers ' unwillingness to complain and their bonded status is illustrated by the fact that when the possibility arose that florida h-2a sugar industry workers may be able to [stay] permanently in the united states and work anywhere in the u.s. , the number of workers willing to complain to legal services significantly increased .

Nothing in the congressional debate discussing the 21 Section 305 of IRCA provided that : A nonimmigrant worker admitted to or permitted to remain in the United States under section 101 ( a ) ( 15 ) ( H ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of the Immigration and Nationality Act .
nothing in the congressional debate discussing the 21 section 305 of irca provided that : a nonimmigrant worker admitted to or permitted to [stay] in the united states under section 101 ( a ) ( 15 ) ( h ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of the immigration and nationality act .

H-2A aliens are required by law to leave the country within ten days of the termination of their employment , and generally remain in the control of the employer during this period .
h-2a aliens are required by law to leave the country within ten days of the termination of their employment , and generally [stay] in the control of the employer during this period .

In 1995 and again in 1998 , the Legal Services Corporation recognized that legal services programs were going to have to change the method and manner in which they conducted their business if they were going to remain viable and responsive to the needs of low income persons .
in 1995 and again in 1998 , the legal services corporation recognized that legal services programs were going to have to change the method and manner in which they conducted their business if they were going to [stay] viable and responsive to the needs of low income persons .

However , these lakes remain susceptible to becoming chronically acidic if acid deposition increases .
however , these lakes [stay] susceptible to becoming chronically acidic if acid deposition increases .

With the phasing in of competition and limited experience , the full benefits and costs of deregulation still remain unknown .
with the phasing in of competition and limited experience , the full benefits and costs of deregulation still [stay] unknown .

Under all four of the policy scenarios evaluated in this assessment , gross domestic product ( GDP ) would remain relatively unchanged as sacrificed consumption permits higher investment and government spending to reduce emissions .
under all four of the policy scenarios evaluated in this assessment , gross domestic product ( gdp ) would [stay] relatively unchanged as sacrificed consumption permits higher investment and government spending to reduce emissions .

Some , such as loss of flexibility and adjustment costs on the cost side , and health benefits and spillovers on the benefit side , remain beyond the scope of this analysis .
some , such as loss of flexibility and adjustment costs on the cost side , and health benefits and spillovers on the benefit side , [stay] beyond the scope of this analysis .

Once a unit opts into the trading programs , the unit will remain an affected unit .
once a unit opts into the trading programs , the unit will [stay] an affected unit .

EGU Allocations Section 424 requires the Administrator to determine individual EGU allocations , which will set on a one-time basis and therefore will remain the same each year .
egu allocations section 424 requires the administrator to determine individual egu allocations , which will set on a one-time basis and therefore will [stay] the same each year .

The allocations will be set on a one-time basis and therefore will remain the same each year .
the allocations will be set on a one-time basis and therefore will [stay] the same each year .

The allocations will be set on a one-time basis and therefore will remain the same each year .
the allocations will be set on a one-time basis and therefore will [stay] the same each year .

The allocations will be set on a one-time basis and therefore will remain the same each year .
the allocations will be set on a one-time basis and therefore will [stay] the same each year .

Permits issued in the past to comply with the requirements of Part C and D of Title I , however , will remain in effect .
permits issued in the past to comply with the requirements of part c and d of title i , however , will [stay] in effect .

An affected unit located within 50 km of Class I areas will remain subject to the requirements in Part C of Title I for the protection of such areas .
an affected unit located within 50 km of class i areas will [stay] subject to the requirements in part c of title i for the protection of such areas .

Typically the overall engineering , fabrication , and construction resources would remain the same as the scenario analyzed above , with the exception that these resources are reallocated over an extended schedule .
typically the overall engineering , fabrication , and construction resources would [stay] the same as the scenario analyzed above , with the exception that these resources are reallocated over an extended schedule .

Personal Communication with a utility engineer that asked to remain anonymous , August 6 , 2001 .
personal communication with a utility engineer that asked to [stay] anonymous , august 6 , 2001 .

Although a number of uncertainties remain to be addressed by continued research ( NRC , 1998 ) , a substantial body of published scientific literature recognizes a correlation between elevated PM concentrations and increased mortality rates .
although a number of uncertainties [stay] to be addressed by continued research ( nrc , 1998 ) , a substantial body of published scientific literature recognizes a correlation between elevated pm concentrations and increased mortality rates .

Although EPA has made a concerted effort to apply well-accepted methods , there remain significant uncertainties in the estimation of these benefits .
although epa has made a concerted effort to apply well-accepted methods , there [stay] significant uncertainties in the estimation of these benefits .

However , the relative roles of PM exposure duration and PM exposure level in inducing premature mortality remain unknown at this time .
however , the relative roles of pm exposure duration and pm exposure level in inducing premature mortality [stay] unknown at this time .

If no allowances remain available in the reserve for further allocation before all proposals have been acted upon by the Administrator , any pending proposals shall be disapproved .
if no allowances [stay] available in the reserve for further allocation before all proposals have been acted upon by the administrator , any pending proposals shall be disapproved .

Notwithstanding the prior sentence , if allowances remain in the reserve one year after the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of 2002 , the Administrator shall allocate such allowances for affected units under section 414 on a pro rata basis .
notwithstanding the prior sentence , if allowances [stay] in the reserve one year after the date of enactment of the clear skies act of 2002 , the administrator shall allocate such allowances for affected units under section 414 on a pro rata basis .

Such emission limitations shall only remain in effect while both units continue operation under the conditions specified in their respective operating permits .
such emission limitations shall only [stay] in effect while both units continue operation under the conditions specified in their respective operating permits .

If total volume , instead of pieces per capita , were displayed on the vertical axis , then the Y-intercepts would remain unchanged but the cost curves would be parallel .
if total volume , instead of pieces per capita , were displayed on the vertical axis , then the y-intercepts would [stay] unchanged but the cost curves would be parallel .

However , at the risk of being labeled a troglodyte , may I suggest that if you scratch the surface of that picture you might find that a few rays of sunshine still remain for hard copy mail .
however , at the risk of being labeled a troglodyte , may i suggest that if you scratch the surface of that picture you might find that a few rays of sunshine still [stay] for hard copy mail .

Once made , provisions have tended to remain .
once made , provisions have tended to [stay] .

With 50 percent of the average volume at a two-day frequency , a cream skimmer 's costs would have to be 60 percent or less of the Postal Service 's in order to remain below the Service 's average incremental costs .
with 50 percent of the average volume at a two-day frequency , a cream skimmer 's costs would have to be 60 percent or less of the postal service 's in order to [stay] below the service 's average incremental costs .

At the new price level , the ratio of the price of the candidate mail to the average price of basic mail would remain the same .
at the new price level , the ratio of the price of the candidate mail to the average price of basic mail would [stay] the same .

In order for the discount to remain unchanged when Pb is changed , the price of the workshare category must be changed in an amount exactly equal to gDPb , as made clear by Equation ( 4 ) .
in order for the discount to [stay] unchanged when pb is changed , the price of the workshare category must be changed in an amount exactly equal to gdpb , as made clear by equation ( 4 ) .

FIGURE 2 Behavior of Welfare Levels with Discount Changes , Under Breakeven The next step is to relax the constraint that the basic price is fixed and to allow discount changes with the requirement that the Postal Service remain at breakeven .
figure 2 behavior of welfare levels with discount changes , under breakeven the next step is to relax the constraint that the basic price is fixed and to allow discount changes with the requirement that the postal service [stay] at breakeven .

The identity of Khallam and his purpose in meeting with Hazmi and Mihdhar remain unknown .
the identity of khallam and his purpose in meeting with hazmi and mihdhar [stay] unknown .

The next day , Atta picked up Omari at another hotel , and the two drove to Portland , Maine , for reasons that remain unknown .
the next day , atta picked up omari at another hotel , and the two drove to portland , maine , for reasons that [stay] unknown .

In most instances , therefore , the operators and the FDNY dispatchers relied on standard operating procedures for high-rise fires-that civilians should stay low , remain where they are , and wait for emergency personnel to reach them .
in most instances , therefore , the operators and the fdny dispatchers relied on standard operating procedures for high-rise fires-that civilians should stay low , [stay] where they are , and wait for emergency personnel to reach them .

At about this time , an announcement over the public-address system in the South Tower stated that the incident had occurred in the other building and advised tenants , generally , that their building was safe and that they should remain on or return to their offices or floors .
at about this time , an announcement over the public-address system in the south tower stated that the incident had occurred in the other building and advised tenants , generally , that their building was safe and that they should [stay] on or return to their offices or floors .

Like the earlier advice to remain in place , it did not correspond to any prewritten emergency instruction .
like the earlier advice to [stay] in place , it did not correspond to any prewritten emergency instruction .

Just as in the North Tower , callers from below and above the impact zone were advised to remain where they were and wait for help .
just as in the north tower , callers from below and above the impact zone were advised to [stay] where they were and wait for help .

This lack of information , combined with the general advice to remain where they were , may have caused civilians above the impact not to attempt to descend , although stairwell A may have been passable .
this lack of information , combined with the general advice to [stay] where they were , may have caused civilians above the impact not to attempt to descend , although stairwell a may have been passable .

Very few 911 calls were received from floors below the impact , but at least one person was advised to remain on the 73rd floor despite the caller 's protests that oxygen was running out .
very few 911 calls were received from floors below the impact , but at least one person was advised to [stay] on the 73rd floor despite the caller 's protests that oxygen was running out .

Those who called 911 from floors below the impact were generally advised to remain in place .
those who called 911 from floors below the impact were generally advised to [stay] in place .

Finally , the jumpers and debris that confronted units attempting to enter the SouthTower from its main entrance on Liberty Street caused some units to search for indirect ways to enter that tower , most often through the Marriott Hotel , or simply to remain on West Street .
finally , the jumpers and debris that confronted units attempting to enter the southtower from its main entrance on liberty street caused some units to search for indirect ways to enter that tower , most often through the marriott hotel , or simply to [stay] on west street .

NYPD officers stationed on Vesey Street between West Street and Church Street urged civilians not to remain in the area and instead to keep walking north .
nypd officers stationed on vesey street between west street and church street urged civilians not to [stay] in the area and instead to keep walking north .

OEM Response After the South Tower was hit , OEM senior leadership decided to remain in its `` bunker '' and continue conducting operations , even though all civilians had been evacuated from 7 WTC .
oem response after the south tower was hit , oem senior leadership decided to [stay] in its `` bunker '' and continue conducting operations , even though all civilians had been evacuated from 7 wtc .

Some firefighters were determined not to leave the building while other FDNY personnel remained inside and , in one case , convinced others to remain with them .
some firefighters were determined not to leave the building while other fdny personnel remained inside and , in one case , convinced others to [stay] with them .

Some of these firefighters did not know that the South Tower had collapsed , but many chose despite that knowledge to remain in an attempt to save additional lives .
some of these firefighters did not know that the south tower had collapsed , but many chose despite that knowledge to [stay] in an attempt to save additional lives .

The NSC staff 's Paul Kurtz wrote to then national security adviser Samuel Berger , `` We noted while there was no information regarding potential attacks in the U.S. they should inform their officers to remain vigilant . ''
the nsc staff 's paul kurtz wrote to then national security adviser samuel berger , `` we noted while there was no information regarding potential attacks in the u.s. they should inform their officers to [stay] vigilant . ''

For the request that the United States remain , see Kandahar province local leaders interview ( Oct. 21 , 2003 ) .
for the request that the united states [stay] , see kandahar province local leaders interview ( oct. 21 , 2003 ) .

Similarly , the FBI 's Counterterrorism Division would remain , as now , the operational arm of the Bureau to combat terrorism .
similarly , the fbi 's counterterrorism division would [stay] , as now , the operational arm of the bureau to combat terrorism .

He had fled to Pakistan immediately after the bombing and would remain at large for nearly two years .
he had fled to pakistan immediately after the bombing and would [stay] at large for nearly two years .

Freeh , who would remain Director until June 2001 , believed that the FBI 's work should be done primarily by the field offices .
freeh , who would [stay] director until june 2001 , believed that the fbi 's work should be done primarily by the field offices .

Cruise missiles were and would remain the only military option on the table .
cruise missiles were and would [stay] the only military option on the table .

The possible links between KSM , Moussaoui , and an individual only later identified as Ramzi Binalshibh would remain undiscovered , however .
the possible links between ksm , moussaoui , and an individual only later identified as ramzi binalshibh would [stay] undiscovered , however .

The intelligence function ( J-2 ) should build on the existing TTIC structure and remain distinct , as a national intelligence center , within the NCTC .
the intelligence function ( j-2 ) should build on the existing ttic structure and [stay] distinct , as a national intelligence center , within the nctc .

The Defense Department 's military intelligence programs-the joint military intelligence program ( JMIP ) and the tactical intelligence and related activities program ( TIARA ) -would remain part of that department 's responsibility .
the defense department 's military intelligence programs-the joint military intelligence program ( jmip ) and the tactical intelligence and related activities program ( tiara ) -would [stay] part of that department 's responsibility .

The specifics of the intelligence appropriation would remain classified , as they are today .
the specifics of the intelligence appropriation would [stay] classified , as they are today .

When even aggregate categorical numbers remain hidden , it is hard to judge priorities and foster accountability .
when even aggregate categorical numbers [stay] hidden , it is hard to judge priorities and foster accountability .

His attorney appealed the decision , andTizegha was allowed to remain in the country pending the appeal .
his attorney appealed the decision , andtizegha was allowed to [stay] in the country pending the appeal .

In the memo 's margin , Berger wrote that before considering action , `` I will want more than verified location : we will need , at least , data on pattern of movements to provide some assurance he will remain in place . ''
in the memo 's margin , berger wrote that before considering action , `` i will want more than verified location : we will need , at least , data on pattern of movements to provide some assurance he will [stay] in place . ''

Louis Freeh , who had statutory ten-year tenure , would remain director of the FBI until his voluntary retirement in the summer of 2001 .
louis freeh , who had statutory ten-year tenure , would [stay] director of the fbi until his voluntary retirement in the summer of 2001 .

After bloody struggles , the Sunni became ( and remain ) the majority sect .
after bloody struggles , the sunni became ( and [stay] ) the majority sect .

At the end of 1979 , the Soviet government sent in military units to ensure that the country would remain securely under Moscow 's influence .
at the end of 1979 , the soviet government sent in military units to ensure that the country would [stay] securely under moscow 's influence .

He preferred to remain independent and retain the option of working with other mujahideen groups still operating in Afghanistan , including the group led by his old mentor , Sayyaf .
he preferred to [stay] independent and retain the option of working with other mujahideen groups still operating in afghanistan , including the group led by his old mentor , sayyaf .

The first part of the planes operation-crashing hijacked aircraft into U.S. targets-would remain as planned , with Mihdhar and Hazmi playing key roles .
the first part of the planes operation-crashing hijacked aircraft into u.s. targets-would [stay] as planned , with mihdhar and hazmi playing key roles .

After enrolling at the University of Hamburg , he promptly transferred into the city engineering and planning course at the Technical University of Hamburg-Harburg , where he would remain registered as a student until the fall of 1999 .
after enrolling at the university of hamburg , he promptly transferred into the city engineering and planning course at the technical university of hamburg-harburg , where he would [stay] registered as a student until the fall of 1999 .

Said Bahaji attended to similar routine matters for Atta and Binalshibh , thereby helping them remain abroad without drawing attention to their absence .
said bahaji attended to similar routine matters for atta and binalshibh , thereby helping them [stay] abroad without drawing attention to their absence .

Although Binalshibh had to remain behind , he would provide critical assistance from abroad to his co-conspirators .
although binalshibh had to [stay] behind , he would provide critical assistance from abroad to his co-conspirators .

We found a single communication from the weapons director or his technician on the Guard frequency at approximately 9:11 , cautioning the Otis fighters : `` remain at current position [ holding pattern ] until FAA requests assistance . ''
we found a single communication from the weapons director or his technician on the guard frequency at approximately 9:11 , cautioning the otis fighters : `` [stay] at current position [ holding pattern ] until faa requests assistance . ''

The Baluchistan region of Pakistan ( KSM 's ethnic home ) and the sprawling city of Karachi remain centers of Islamist extremism where the U.S. and Pakistani security and intelligence presence has been weak .
the baluchistan region of pakistan ( ksm 's ethnic home ) and the sprawling city of karachi [stay] centers of islamist extremism where the u.s. and pakistani security and intelligence presence has been weak .

The United States has been and should remain a key supporter of that process .
the united states has been and should [stay] a key supporter of that process .

Sustaining the current scale of aid to Pakistan , the United States should support Pakistan 's government in its struggle against extremists with a comprehensive effort that extends from military aid to support for better education , so long as Pakistan 's leaders remain willing to make difficult choices of their own .
sustaining the current scale of aid to pakistan , the united states should support pakistan 's government in its struggle against extremists with a comprehensive effort that extends from military aid to support for better education , so long as pakistan 's leaders [stay] willing to make difficult choices of their own .

Grave challenges remain .
grave challenges [stay] .

Recommendation : Vigorous efforts to track terrorist financing must remain front and center in U.S. counterterrorism efforts .
recommendation : vigorous efforts to track terrorist financing must [stay] front and center in u.s. counterterrorism efforts .

Another 500,000 or more enter illegally without inspection across America 's thousands of miles of land borders or remain in the country past the expiration of their permitted stay .
another 500,000 or more enter illegally without inspection across america 's thousands of miles of land borders or [stay] in the country past the expiration of their permitted stay .

They may seek to change immigration status in order to remain .
they may seek to change immigration status in order to [stay] .

The development of terrorist indicators has hardly begun , and behavioral cues remain important .
the development of terrorist indicators has hardly begun , and behavioral cues [stay] important .

The U.S. Border Screening System The border and immigration system of the United States must remain a visible manifestation of our belief in freedom , democracy , global economic growth , and the rule of law , yet serve equally well as a vital element of counterterrorism .
the u.s. border screening system the border and immigration system of the united states must [stay] a visible manifestation of our belief in freedom , democracy , global economic growth , and the rule of law , yet serve equally well as a vital element of counterterrorism .

Surface transportation systems such as railroads and mass transit remain hard to protect because they are so accessible and extensive .
surface transportation systems such as railroads and mass transit [stay] hard to protect because they are so accessible and extensive .

Concerns also remain regarding the screening and transport of checked bags and cargo .
concerns also [stay] regarding the screening and transport of checked bags and cargo .

Federal homeland security assistance should not remain a program for general revenue sharing .
federal homeland security assistance should not [stay] a program for general revenue sharing .

We do not know exactly how the hijackers gained access to the cockpit ; FAA rules required that the doors remain closed and locked during flight .
we do not know exactly how the hijackers gained access to the cockpit ; faa rules required that the doors [stay] closed and locked during flight .

He ordered all American Airlines flights in the Northeast that had not taken off to remain on the ground .
he ordered all american airlines flights in the northeast that had not taken off to [stay] on the ground .

At 9:39 , the FAA 's Cleveland Air Route Traffic Control Center overheard a second announcement indicating that there was a bomb on board , that the plane was returning to the airport , and that they should remain seated .
at 9:39 , the faa 's cleveland air route traffic control center overheard a second announcement indicating that there was a bomb on board , that the plane was returning to the airport , and that they should [stay] seated .

Would like you all to remain seated .
would like you all to [stay] seated .

Please remain quiet .
please [stay] quiet .

They may remain intact .
they may [stay] intact .

However , the molecular mechanisms by which statins modulate ectodomain shedding remain to be elucidated [ 17,18 ] .
however , the molecular mechanisms by which statins modulate ectodomain shedding [stay] to be elucidated [ 17,18 ] .

As in PKC- and ERK-activated shedding , the ROCK1 substrate effector molecule or molecules that regulate proteolysis by ADAMs remain to be identified .
as in pkc- and erk-activated shedding , the rock1 substrate effector molecule or molecules that regulate proteolysis by adams [stay] to be identified .

As described above , the key substrate or substrates linking cytoplasmic protein phosphorylation to intralumenal or cell-surface protelysis remain to be identified .
as described above , the key substrate or substrates linking cytoplasmic protein phosphorylation to intralumenal or cell-surface protelysis [stay] to be identified .

Our molecular analysis of differentiating IPCs showed that they remain distinct from mature pancreatic islet β-cells ; in other words , the insulin + cells derived by our methods are not mature β-cells .
our molecular analysis of differentiating ipcs showed that they [stay] distinct from mature pancreatic islet β-cells ; in other words , the insulin + cells derived by our methods are not mature β-cells .

Many Unanswered Questions While great strides have been made in recent years in understanding the molecular basis of phytohormone action , many fundamental questions remain .
many unanswered questions while great strides have been made in recent years in understanding the molecular basis of phytohormone action , many fundamental questions [stay] .

Receptors and other upstream signaling components remain to be identified for the majority of the phytohormones .
receptors and other upstream signaling components [stay] to be identified for the majority of the phytohormones .

The nature of the neural inducer or inducers and the mechanism of neural induction have been and remain hot topics in developmental biology .
the nature of the neural inducer or inducers and the mechanism of neural induction have been and [stay] hot topics in developmental biology .

As the conventional approach of equating organizer side with dorsal seems to remain in wide use at present , I shall apply this convention , albeit with the reservation above . )
as the conventional approach of equating organizer side with dorsal seems to [stay] in wide use at present , i shall apply this convention , albeit with the reservation above . )

Scratching at the Surface As far as understanding how our brains evolved , more questions remain than have been answered .
scratching at the surface as far as understanding how our brains evolved , more questions [stay] than have been answered .

Data would remain unavailable for trials that did not lead to an approved NDA .
data would [stay] unavailable for trials that did not lead to an approved nda .

If no cysteinyl residue is nearby , the sulfenated cysteine can be further oxidized to sulfinic or sulfonic acid , or it can remain in the sulfenic acid state .
if no cysteinyl residue is nearby , the sulfenated cysteine can be further oxidized to sulfinic or sulfonic acid , or it can [stay] in the sulfenic acid state .

The geography of speciation continues to be one of the most difficult and contentious topics , and undoubtedly will remain so despite the careful analyses by these authors .
the geography of speciation continues to be one of the most difficult and contentious topics , and undoubtedly will [stay] so despite the careful analyses by these authors .

Pathomechanisms that may initiate and/or mediate TED in DNP remain poorly understood .
pathomechanisms that may initiate and/or mediate ted in dnp [stay] poorly understood .

Although TED and IF are the strongest predictors for progression of DNP [ 31 ] , mechanisms that underlie TED in DNP remain poorly understood .
although ted and if are the strongest predictors for progression of dnp [ 31 ] , mechanisms that underlie ted in dnp [stay] poorly understood .

It is intriguing that CD36 expression was not detected in PTECs in diabetic mice with longstanding hyperglycemia in vivo , although underlying mechanisms for the species-dependent differential regulation of CD36 in PTECs in vivo and in vitro between mouse and human remain unclear at this time .
it is intriguing that cd36 expression was not detected in ptecs in diabetic mice with longstanding hyperglycemia in vivo , although underlying mechanisms for the species-dependent differential regulation of cd36 in ptecs in vivo and in vitro between mouse and human [stay] unclear at this time .

However , uncertainties remain .
however , uncertainties [stay] .

One can concede that we are shaped by a causally powerful set of genetic influences and still remain skeptical as to whether these produce a single “ nature ” that all members of humanity possess .
one can concede that we are shaped by a causally powerful set of genetic influences and still [stay] skeptical as to whether these produce a single “ nature ” that all members of humanity possess .

Reinforcement in the 21st Century Despite the substantial progress in our understanding of reinforcement that has been achieved over the last few decades , many questions remain about the process .
reinforcement in the 21st century despite the substantial progress in our understanding of reinforcement that has been achieved over the last few decades , many questions [stay] about the process .

Many other aspects of krill biology remain obscure as well .
many other aspects of krill biology [stay] obscure as well .

Even with indoor allergen exposure , wheezing may remain transient or mild , provided prolonged outdoor play is normal .
even with indoor allergen exposure , wheezing may [stay] transient or mild , provided prolonged outdoor play is normal .

In this case , the effects of agricultural antibiotic use on human health remain uncertain , despite extensive investigation , and the effects may be unknowable , unprovable , or immeasurable by the empirical standards of experimental biology .
in this case , the effects of agricultural antibiotic use on human health [stay] uncertain , despite extensive investigation , and the effects may be unknowable , unprovable , or immeasurable by the empirical standards of experimental biology .

Conclusions The likelihood that newly duplicated genes will both remain functional clearly relates to their inherent potential to undergo subfunctionalization or neofunctionalization .
conclusions the likelihood that newly duplicated genes will both [stay] functional clearly relates to their inherent potential to undergo subfunctionalization or neofunctionalization .

They argued that if the malaria protection provided by HbAS were innate , it should be independent of malaria exposure and remain constant with age .
they argued that if the malaria protection provided by hbas were innate , it should be independent of malaria exposure and [stay] constant with age .

Adverse side effects , viral resistance , and the high cost of antiretroviral therapies remain obstacles in the way of turning HIV/AIDS into a manageable chronic disease .
adverse side effects , viral resistance , and the high cost of antiretroviral therapies [stay] obstacles in the way of turning hiv/aids into a manageable chronic disease .

Possible risks and benefits of STIs remain controversial , but data from this and other published trials do not support short-term clinical benefits of treatment interruptions .
possible risks and benefits of stis [stay] controversial , but data from this and other published trials do not support short-term clinical benefits of treatment interruptions .

What seems clear is that STIs have no place outside controlled clinical trials and that questions regarding long-term safety remain unanswered .
what seems clear is that stis have no place outside controlled clinical trials and that questions regarding long-term safety [stay] unanswered .

He admits that challenges remain , including the current inability of fire behavior simulation to account for diurnal winds in addition to cold front-driven flow .
he admits that challenges [stay] , including the current inability of fire behavior simulation to account for diurnal winds in addition to cold front-driven flow .

Sleep and Public Health Many other important questions remain , such as the roles that other hormones , cytokines , and SDB play in obesity .
sleep and public health many other important questions [stay] , such as the roles that other hormones , cytokines , and sdb play in obesity .

Although spatial patterns in biodiversity , and particularly the latitudinal gradient , are increasingly well documented for a range of taxa , the proposed mechanisms underlying these gradients remain controversial .
although spatial patterns in biodiversity , and particularly the latitudinal gradient , are increasingly well documented for a range of taxa , the proposed mechanisms underlying these gradients [stay] controversial .

These results may go some way to explain the original observation by Waddington ( 1942 ) of phenotypic constancy , yet many questions remain ( Stearns 2003 ) .
these results may go some way to explain the original observation by waddington ( 1942 ) of phenotypic constancy , yet many questions [stay] ( stearns 2003 ) .

Most troublesome are the large numbers of open reading frames that have been identified by computer programs , but remain labeled as a “ conserved hypothetical protein ” when they occur in more than one genome or simply a “ hypothetical protein ” when they appear unique to the genome in question .
most troublesome are the large numbers of open reading frames that have been identified by computer programs , but [stay] labeled as a “ conserved hypothetical protein ” when they occur in more than one genome or simply a “ hypothetical protein ” when they appear unique to the genome in question .

Opportunities for tobacco control remain available , and it is becoming increasingly clear that smoking cessation models deserve high priority both in research and in any preventive health care system .
opportunities for tobacco control [stay] available , and it is becoming increasingly clear that smoking cessation models deserve high priority both in research and in any preventive health care system .

While such potential therapies remain experimental , pancreas transplantation is currently performed in patients with complicated diabetes .
while such potential therapies [stay] experimental , pancreas transplantation is currently performed in patients with complicated diabetes .

Current Limitations of Islet Transplantation While significant progress has been made in the islet transplantation field [ 14 ] , many obstacles remain that currently preclude its widespread application .
current limitations of islet transplantation while significant progress has been made in the islet transplantation field [ 14 ] , many obstacles [stay] that currently preclude its widespread application .

While islet transplantation research has made important progress and the success stories are encouraging , the long-term safety and efficacy of the procedure remain unclear .
while islet transplantation research has made important progress and the success stories are encouraging , the long-term safety and efficacy of the procedure [stay] unclear .

The field has come a long way , but we must remain cautious , as we are treating a non-fatal disease for which there is a very effective standard therapy .
the field has come a long way , but we must [stay] cautious , as we are treating a non-fatal disease for which there is a very effective standard therapy .

Many collaborative projects between libraries and publishers have been complicated by legal constraints , including the stipulation that archives remain “ dark , ” or inaccessible to users , until any commercial incentive for restricting access to articles has been exhausted—clearly a suboptimal arrangement for researchers , and one that is unnecessary for collections of works governed by the CCAL .
many collaborative projects between libraries and publishers have been complicated by legal constraints , including the stipulation that archives [stay] “ dark , ” or inaccessible to users , until any commercial incentive for restricting access to articles has been exhausted—clearly a suboptimal arrangement for researchers , and one that is unnecessary for collections of works governed by the ccal .

However , no significant relationship was observed between the augmentation of epitopes targeted during the second and third treatment pauses and the time the study participants were able to remain off therapy in the respective treatment interruption .
however , no significant relationship was observed between the augmentation of epitopes targeted during the second and third treatment pauses and the time the study participants were able to [stay] off therapy in the respective treatment interruption .

The reasons for progressive loss of control despite augmentation of virus-specific CD4+ and CD8+ T cell responses remain to be defined .
the reasons for progressive loss of control despite augmentation of virus-specific cd4+ and cd8+ t cell responses [stay] to be defined .

Nevertheless , it is not widely appreciated that the first experiment seems methodologically sound , and its results remain persuasive .
nevertheless , it is not widely appreciated that the first experiment seems methodologically sound , and its results [stay] persuasive .

At 36 mo , 75 % of children remain below the putative protective level , although by this age incidence has fallen more than 80 % from its 12-mo peak .
at 36 mo , 75 % of children [stay] below the putative protective level , although by this age incidence has fallen more than 80 % from its 12-mo peak .

While the cost of antiretroviral medications has dropped considerably , other obstacles , including the cost , technical , and operational requirements of CD4 counts , viral loads , and other sophisticated diagnostic tests used to initiate and monitor HIV treatment , remain to be addressed .
while the cost of antiretroviral medications has dropped considerably , other obstacles , including the cost , technical , and operational requirements of cd4 counts , viral loads , and other sophisticated diagnostic tests used to initiate and monitor hiv treatment , [stay] to be addressed .

Although these newer versions make flow cytometry more affordable in some settings , reagent costs remain high , and the instruments remain expensive and in most cases , technically complex [ 7â€ “ 13 ] .
although these newer versions make flow cytometry more affordable in some settings , reagent costs [stay] high , and the instruments [stay] expensive and in most cases , technically complex [ 7â€ “ 13 ] .

Although several CD4 counting systems are now used in resource-limited settings , they remain suboptimal to meet the needs of HIV care and treatment scale-up .
although several cd4 counting systems are now used in resource-limited settings , they [stay] suboptimal to meet the needs of hiv care and treatment scale-up .

None can truly be used at the point of care beyond a district hospital or similar facility , and either the capital and operating costs remain high , or throughput is low , or both ( Table 1 ) .
none can truly be used at the point of care beyond a district hospital or similar facility , and either the capital and operating costs [stay] high , or throughput is low , or both ( table 1 ) .

It is in this spirit that the JCI has always been free online , and will remain so ” ( Hawley 2003 ) .
it is in this spirit that the jci has always been free online , and will [stay] so ” ( hawley 2003 ) .

Unanswered Questions Even assuming delivery problems can be solved , other questions remain , including that of whether therapeutic levels of RNAi may be toxic .
unanswered questions even assuming delivery problems can be solved , other questions [stay] , including that of whether therapeutic levels of rnai may be toxic .

Whether this putative link between taste perception and health can be confirmed and whether it will be possible to manipulate food preferences to improve health remain to be seen .
whether this putative link between taste perception and health can be confirmed and whether it will be possible to manipulate food preferences to improve health [stay] to be seen .

While important scientific questions about this approach remain open , its usefulness in generating hypotheses to be tested by further experiments is obvious .
while important scientific questions about this approach [stay] open , its usefulness in generating hypotheses to be tested by further experiments is obvious .

Until the worldwide efforts to prevent malaria come to fruition , refining the management of infected children will remain a cornerstone of the efforts against this devastating disease .
until the worldwide efforts to prevent malaria come to fruition , refining the management of infected children will [stay] a cornerstone of the efforts against this devastating disease .

All living things require some level of metabolism to remain viable against entropy .
all living things require some level of metabolism to [stay] viable against entropy .

Filling in the Pieces Despite the molecular level of our understanding of integrin activation , a number of key questions remain unresolved .
filling in the pieces despite the molecular level of our understanding of integrin activation , a number of key questions [stay] unresolved .

It is not “ naïve ” for well people to want to remain well and to maintain their arteries to enable healthy older lives .
it is not “ naïve ” for well people to want to [stay] well and to maintain their arteries to enable healthy older lives .

Nor should we disparage as “ worried ” the very human desire to remain that way .
nor should we disparage as “ worried ” the very human desire to [stay] that way .

Baseline projections in Salomon and colleagues ' study showed that without any behavioral change or ART scale-up , the HIV/AIDS prevalence rate would remain relatively stable , but the number of new infections would increase by 52.3 million by 2020 .
baseline projections in salomon and colleagues ' study showed that without any behavioral change or art scale-up , the hiv/aids prevalence rate would [stay] relatively stable , but the number of new infections would increase by 52.3 million by 2020 .

Many Questions Remain Within a month of the Barcelona Council in 2002 , the European Science Foundation ( ESF ) , which brings together the funding agencies of 29 countries and acts as a bridge to Brussels , had formed a High Level Working Group to review the case for an ERC and how it might operate .
many questions [stay] within a month of the barcelona council in 2002 , the european science foundation ( esf ) , which brings together the funding agencies of 29 countries and acts as a bridge to brussels , had formed a high level working group to review the case for an erc and how it might operate .

The IRB must remain autonomous and be able to hold up or stop an investigation .
the irb must [stay] autonomous and be able to hold up or stop an investigation .

In all such instances , protection of scientific integrity and the welfare of research participants must remain the foremost priority of both investigator and institution .
in all such instances , protection of scientific integrity and the welfare of research participants must [stay] the foremost priority of both investigator and institution .

Certain people remain virus-negative despite repeated exposures .
certain people [stay] virus-negative despite repeated exposures .

They also correspond to the similarity of activation patterns of the glomerular map [ 32 ] , although the actual mechanisms that evaluate this similarity remain to be identified .
they also correspond to the similarity of activation patterns of the glomerular map [ 32 ] , although the actual mechanisms that evaluate this similarity [stay] to be identified .

Similar phenomena have been predicted in other sensory modalities [ 19,41 ] , but remain to be shown directly by exposing different individuals to different environments during development .
similar phenomena have been predicted in other sensory modalities [ 19,41 ] , but [stay] to be shown directly by exposing different individuals to different environments during development .

For example , in my classes students first read the elegant paper by Munro and Pelham ( 1987 ) that uncovered the tetrapeptide lysine–aspartic acid–glutamic acid–leucine ( KDEL ) retention signal for proteins destined to remain in the endoplasmic reticulum lumen .
for example , in my classes students first read the elegant paper by munro and pelham ( 1987 ) that uncovered the tetrapeptide lysine–aspartic acid–glutamic acid–leucine ( kdel ) retention signal for proteins destined to [stay] in the endoplasmic reticulum lumen .

Therefore , like other neglected diseases , chronic infection with hookworm promotes long-term disability and increases the likelihood that an afflicted population will remain mired in poverty .
therefore , like other neglected diseases , chronic infection with hookworm promotes long-term disability and increases the likelihood that an afflicted population will [stay] mired in poverty .

At the same time , a number of critically important and unresolved issues remain that qualify the ultimate clinical and scientific validity of the results .
at the same time , a number of critically important and unresolved issues [stay] that qualify the ultimate clinical and scientific validity of the results .

Crystallographic studies of various ABL mutants predict that most should remain sensitive to inhibitors that bind ABL with less stringent structural requirements .
crystallographic studies of various abl mutants predict that most should [stay] sensitive to inhibitors that bind abl with less stringent structural requirements .

Our second response to Clarke 's challenge is that it will remain difficult for researchers , particularly in resource-poor settings , to do systematic reviews unless the medical literature is made a freely available public resource .
our second response to clarke 's challenge is that it will [stay] difficult for researchers , particularly in resource-poor settings , to do systematic reviews unless the medical literature is made a freely available public resource .

Many clinical trials , especially negative ones , remain unpublished , which prevents researchers from reviewing all the data on an important health issue .
many clinical trials , especially negative ones , [stay] unpublished , which prevents researchers from reviewing all the data on an important health issue .

The scientific literature will remain biased unless the publishing industry changes its practices and provides a place where the results from all registered trials can be published .
the scientific literature will [stay] biased unless the publishing industry changes its practices and provides a place where the results from all registered trials can be published .

The different PLoS journals will be editorially independent and submissions will remain confidential to each journal .
the different plos journals will be editorially independent and submissions will [stay] confidential to each journal .

Nonetheless , National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey III data showed that 60 % of 38.5 million adult Americans without CHD who had two or more risk factors had an LDL-C level above the recommended 3.36 mmol/l ( 130 mg/dl ) and that 45 % would remain eligible for drug therapy even after a 10 % decrease in LDL-C with diet [ 15 ] .
nonetheless , national health and nutrition examination survey iii data showed that 60 % of 38.5 million adult americans without chd who had two or more risk factors had an ldl-c level above the recommended 3.36 mmol/l ( 130 mg/dl ) and that 45 % would [stay] eligible for drug therapy even after a 10 % decrease in ldl-c with diet [ 15 ] .

In particular , some animals could be completely protected by vaccination , while others may remain completely susceptible .
in particular , some animals could be completely protected by vaccination , while others may [stay] completely susceptible .

Your donation of $ 25 , $ 50 , $ 125 , $ 250 or more will help us remain a steady source of assistance for people like Ted .
your donation of $ 25 , $ 50 , $ 125 , $ 250 or more will help us [stay] a steady source of assistance for people like ted .

I hope you will remain a contributor and even consider honoring our 25 years of storytelling by increasing your gift $ 25 this year .
i hope you will [stay] a contributor and even consider honoring our 25 years of storytelling by increasing your gift $ 25 this year .

For these boxes will remain in their wrappings long after all of the other presents are opened .
for these boxes will [stay] in their wrappings long after all of the other presents are opened .

Applications for enrollment remain high and the quality of entering students is excellent .
applications for enrollment [stay] high and the quality of entering students is excellent .

Our faculty , students and staff are reviewing all aspects of the school -curriculum , competencies , financial management , just to name a few - to make sure that we remain at the forefront of dental education .
our faculty , students and staff are reviewing all aspects of the school -curriculum , competencies , financial management , just to name a few - to make sure that we [stay] at the forefront of dental education .

These are challenging times for dental schools across the country , and I firmly believe our ability to remain in a leadership position will be enhanced with your support .
these are challenging times for dental schools across the country , and i firmly believe our ability to [stay] in a leadership position will be enhanced with your support .

In a time when higher education , and graduate programs in particular , are suffering from a lack of funding , we are positioning ourselves to remain in a leadership position with outstanding faculty , students , and private support from alumni and friends of the program .
in a time when higher education , and graduate programs in particular , are suffering from a lack of funding , we are positioning ourselves to [stay] in a leadership position with outstanding faculty , students , and private support from alumni and friends of the program .

The life-changing experiences that are made possible because of YMCA International work will remain with the youth and adults who participate for a lifetime !
the life-changing experiences that are made possible because of ymca international work will [stay] with the youth and adults who participate for a lifetime !

More than 500 low income home owners , often senior citizens , have been able to remain in their homes thanks to home repairs supported by SEND .
more than 500 low income home owners , often senior citizens , have been able to [stay] in their homes thanks to home repairs supported by send .

This means that half of your contribution will be returned to you through State tax savings , while the entire donation amount will remain deductible on your Federal taxes .
this means that half of your contribution will be returned to you through state tax savings , while the entire donation amount will [stay] deductible on your federal taxes .

The Herron project will be deferred to the 1995 budget requests , making it necessary for us to remain at the current site until at least 1998 .
the herron project will be deferred to the 1995 budget requests , making it necessary for us to [stay] at the current site until at least 1998 .

I want to assure you that we 'll remain a close partner of the College of Arts and Sciences .
i want to assure you that we 'll [stay] a close partner of the college of arts and sciences .

We can and should be proud that the IU School of Dentistry is positioned to remain an international leader in these challenging times facing health care .
we can and should be proud that the iu school of dentistry is positioned to [stay] an international leader in these challenging times facing health care .

Your investment in IUSD as a donor is essential if our school is to remain a leader in dentistry and education .
your investment in iusd as a donor is essential if our school is to [stay] a leader in dentistry and education .

Your partnership with us has made it possible for hundreds of threatened species to survive -- and thousands of precious acres to remain natural and beautiful .
your partnership with us has made it possible for hundreds of threatened species to survive -- and thousands of precious acres to [stay] natural and beautiful .

Rather , the inexplicable and unfathomable character of the world 's worlding lies in this , that causes and grounds remain unsuitable for the world 's worlding . '
rather , the inexplicable and unfathomable character of the world 's worlding lies in this , that causes and grounds [stay] unsuitable for the world 's worlding . '

A wide range of figures suggests that the economy is likely to surge , but economists predict unemployment will remain almost unchanged at nearly 6 percent through the US 2004 presidential election .
a wide range of figures suggests that the economy is likely to surge , but economists predict unemployment will [stay] almost unchanged at nearly 6 percent through the us 2004 presidential election .

These men are heroes of the worldwide anti-WTO libration movement and as such , even though they are innocent of all charges , will heroicly remain silent about their sabotage activities and of others they know carry them out .
these men are heroes of the worldwide anti-wto libration movement and as such , even though they are innocent of all charges , will heroicly [stay] silent about their sabotage activities and of others they know carry them out .

Frank `` Big > > Black '' Smith would be able to recount how all of the prisoners of > > Attica , at the end of their rebellion , were stripped nude and forced > > to submit while members of the National Guard beat them with clubs > > and rifles , and how he , himself , an ex-football player , was forced > > to remain on his feet for interminable hours with a football held > > beneath his chin , surrounded by soldiers ready to beat him if he > > dropped it .
frank `` big > > black '' smith would be able to recount how all of the prisoners of > > attica , at the end of their rebellion , were stripped nude and forced > > to submit while members of the national guard beat them with clubs > > and rifles , and how he , himself , an ex-football player , was forced > > to [stay] on his feet for interminable hours with a football held > > beneath his chin , surrounded by soldiers ready to beat him if he > > dropped it .

The New York Times goes with Monday 's announcement that the Supreme Court will review its 33-year-old Miranda decision , the national requirement that police inform criminal suspects of their basic constitutional rights , including the right to remain silent , before questioning them .
the new york times goes with monday 's announcement that the supreme court will review its 33-year-old miranda decision , the national requirement that police inform criminal suspects of their basic constitutional rights , including the right to [stay] silent , before questioning them .

The LAT says the Russians are giving Grozny 's 5,000 soldiers and 40,000 civilians ( the other papers give slightly varying numbers ) until Saturday to leave Thereafter , those who remain will be declared terrorists , subject to massive shelling and bombing .
the lat says the russians are giving grozny 's 5,000 soldiers and 40,000 civilians ( the other papers give slightly varying numbers ) until saturday to leave thereafter , those who [stay] will be declared terrorists , subject to massive shelling and bombing .

Most -- in fact , nearly all -- of these companies remain unknown to just about everyone in America .
most -- in fact , nearly all -- of these companies [stay] unknown to just about everyone in america .

While B2B businesses will probably migrate more quickly , and while obviously there 's a lot of business that will always be offline ( unless we figure out a way to get a virtual haircut ) , it 's illogical that B2B on the Web will explode while B2C will remain stagnant .
while b2b businesses will probably migrate more quickly , and while obviously there 's a lot of business that will always be offline ( unless we figure out a way to get a virtual haircut ) , it 's illogical that b2b on the web will explode while b2c will [stay] stagnant .

Removing the stigma for them is likely to remove it for everyone , including the non-workers who remain eligible for food stamps .
removing the stigma for them is likely to remove it for everyone , including the non-workers who [stay] eligible for food stamps .

Saving Private Ryan , from a script by Robert Rodat , does n't remain as feverishly abstract as its imagery , but at its best , early on , it feels undiagramed -- unmapped .
saving private ryan , from a script by robert rodat , does n't [stay] as feverishly abstract as its imagery , but at its best , early on , it feels undiagramed -- unmapped .

Can a documentary use scripted scenes and yet remain ontologically authentic ?
can a documentary use scripted scenes and yet [stay] ontologically authentic ?

The dots remain unconnected .
the dots [stay] unconnected .

Altman had me hooked from the credits , in which the camera cruises high above an eerie topography -- both parched and veined with swamps -- while the composer , Mark Isham , serves up off-the-beat thumps and hollow brass gongs , and fragments of cell-phone conversations remain just on the far side of audibility .
altman had me hooked from the credits , in which the camera cruises high above an eerie topography -- both parched and veined with swamps -- while the composer , mark isham , serves up off-the-beat thumps and hollow brass gongs , and fragments of cell-phone conversations [stay] just on the far side of audibility .

In protesting Friday 's U.N. Security Council decision to keep sanctions on Iraq in place , Baghdad plans to end cooperation with the 100 plus international arms inspectors and shut down U.N. weapons monitoring operations immediately -- though some surveillance equipment may remain in place .
in protesting friday 's u.n. security council decision to keep sanctions on iraq in place , baghdad plans to end cooperation with the 100 plus international arms inspectors and shut down u.n. weapons monitoring operations immediately -- though some surveillance equipment may [stay] in place .

The NYT reports that even if NATO 's demands are met , some 12,000 Yugoslav troops will remain in the province and that the delay might hamper future air and missile strikes against Yugoslav troops due to the influx of observers and humanitarian workers .
the nyt reports that even if nato 's demands are met , some 12,000 yugoslav troops will [stay] in the province and that the delay might hamper future air and missile strikes against yugoslav troops due to the influx of observers and humanitarian workers .

Sanctions preventing lending by international financial institutions remain in force .
sanctions preventing lending by international financial institutions [stay] in force .

This means that if House democrats remain united , then only three more `` nays '' from the GOP will kill the impeachment effort .
this means that if house democrats [stay] united , then only three more `` nays '' from the gop will kill the impeachment effort .

The New York Times and Washington Post lead with the ruling by Britain 's highest court that Augusto Pinochet must remain under arrest in England subject to extradition elsewhere because his status as an ex-head of state does not confer legal immunity .
the new york times and washington post lead with the ruling by britain 's highest court that augusto pinochet must [stay] under arrest in england subject to extradition elsewhere because his status as an ex-head of state does not confer legal immunity .

Since court findings of paternity cost the imputed fathers eighteen years ' worth of support , it seems only fair that women be held accountable for any promises they make about attempting to remain childless .
since court findings of paternity cost the imputed fathers eighteen years ' worth of support , it seems only fair that women be held accountable for any promises they make about attempting to [stay] childless .

The WP reports that with less than two weeks before the federal government runs out of money , twelve of the thirteen spending bills remain unsigned .
the wp reports that with less than two weeks before the federal government runs out of money , twelve of the thirteen spending bills [stay] unsigned .

The WP says that one in five German voters remain undecided .
the wp says that one in five german voters [stay] undecided .

The rate cut is meant to reassure anxious Wall Streeters that the hale and hearty U.S. economy will remain immune to international crises .
the rate cut is meant to reassure anxious wall streeters that the hale and hearty u.s. economy will [stay] immune to international crises .

His name will remain on the ballot , but he will undoubtedly be trounced by a write-in candidate : the popular senator 's widow , Charlotte Burks .
his name will [stay] on the ballot , but he will undoubtedly be trounced by a write-in candidate : the popular senator 's widow , charlotte burks .

GNP is projected to increase everywhere , especially in Latin America , but by 2000 North America , Western Europe , Australia , New Zealand , and Japan will average more than $ 11,000 in per-capita GNP ( 1975 dollars ) , while India , Bangladesh , and Pakistan , will all remain below $ 200 in per-capita GNP ( 1975 dollars ) .
gnp is projected to increase everywhere , especially in latin america , but by 2000 north america , western europe , australia , new zealand , and japan will average more than $ 11,000 in per-capita gnp ( 1975 dollars ) , while india , bangladesh , and pakistan , will all [stay] below $ 200 in per-capita gnp ( 1975 dollars ) .

Thus , showings of Wonderful Life will remain limited well into the 21 st century .
thus , showings of wonderful life will [stay] limited well into the 21 st century .

The specifics of the alleged theory remain vague .
the specifics of the alleged theory [stay] vague .

The WP inside serves up two dispatches from the bureaucracy front : 1 ) The government has ruled that the 1988 CIA budget -- that 's right the 19 88 budget , a budget spent almost entirely on combating a country that no longer exists -- should remain secret ; 2 ) The chairman of Exxon Mobil says that for the recent merger that created his company , government regulators required the production of more than 31.2 million pieces of paper .
the wp inside serves up two dispatches from the bureaucracy front : 1 ) the government has ruled that the 1988 cia budget -- that 's right the 19 88 budget , a budget spent almost entirely on combating a country that no longer exists -- should [stay] secret ; 2 ) the chairman of exxon mobil says that for the recent merger that created his company , government regulators required the production of more than 31.2 million pieces of paper .

Tens of thousands of civilians remain trapped in Grozny .
tens of thousands of civilians [stay] trapped in grozny .

Only 50 remain in the House , and most of those still there are chastened .
only 50 [stay] in the house , and most of those still there are chastened .

When the new system was announced in July 1998 , Cinquanta rejoiced that the problem was solved , so that henceforth `` if you are in front of me , you will remain in front of me . ''
when the new system was announced in july 1998 , cinquanta rejoiced that the problem was solved , so that henceforth `` if you are in front of me , you will [stay] in front of me . ''

DeLay 's job will be secure , and he himself will remain ( mostly ) sheltered from strict public scrutiny .
delay 's job will be secure , and he himself will [stay] ( mostly ) sheltered from strict public scrutiny .

The jury will remain out for some time on the effects of the welfare cutoff signed by Clinton last year .
the jury will [stay] out for some time on the effects of the welfare cutoff signed by clinton last year .

The dead poets Oxford publishes -- including Lord Byron , Edmund Spenser , and William Wordsworth -- will remain in print .
the dead poets oxford publishes -- including lord byron , edmund spenser , and william wordsworth -- will [stay] in print .

The other seven remain in critical condition , though four are now breathing without ventilators .
the other seven [stay] in critical condition , though four are now breathing without ventilators .

If some dealers are willing to sell art to buyers via the Internet -- and almost all of them are now fanatically eager to do so -- those who remain coy about what they have and how much they want for it will put themselves at a competitive disadvantage .
if some dealers are willing to sell art to buyers via the internet -- and almost all of them are now fanatically eager to do so -- those who [stay] coy about what they have and how much they want for it will put themselves at a competitive disadvantage .

David Makovsky , diplomatic correspondent of Ha'aretz , wrote Wednesday that Israeli officials want King Hussein 's brother , Crown Prince Hassan , to remain next in line to the Jordanian throne , despite speculation that the king , under pressure from Queen Noor , might name their 19-year-old son , Hamza , as the next monarch .
david makovsky , diplomatic correspondent of ha'aretz , wrote wednesday that israeli officials want king hussein 's brother , crown prince hassan , to [stay] next in line to the jordanian throne , despite speculation that the king , under pressure from queen noor , might name their 19-year-old son , hamza , as the next monarch .

Figure skating and gymnastics remain square ; just listen to the music , if you dare .
figure skating and gymnastics [stay] square ; just listen to the music , if you dare .

Critics remain divided over the Road to Wellville author : Is he a gothic genius or annoyingly smug ?
critics [stay] divided over the road to wellville author : is he a gothic genius or annoyingly smug ?

Critics remain undecided about Maxwell 's virtues .
critics [stay] undecided about maxwell 's virtues .

British playwright David Hare wins praise for adapting Chekhov into colloquial language , though the melodrama of the original is said to remain .
british playwright david hare wins praise for adapting chekhov into colloquial language , though the melodrama of the original is said to [stay] .

The scenarios : Bush could lose his temper , be skewered by Forbes-sponsored ads , remain hopelessly fuzzy on the issues , be resented for his vast campaign ( and inherited ) resources , get cocky , fall apart in an early primary , or be felled by a scandalous skeleton rattling in his closet .
the scenarios : bush could lose his temper , be skewered by forbes-sponsored ads , [stay] hopelessly fuzzy on the issues , be resented for his vast campaign ( and inherited ) resources , get cocky , fall apart in an early primary , or be felled by a scandalous skeleton rattling in his closet .

Because NC-17 would remain in business , newspapers , TV stations , and theaters would remain free to discriminate against it . ''
because nc-17 would [stay] in business , newspapers , tv stations , and theaters would [stay] free to discriminate against it . ''

All that will remain are two laws aimed at stopping the false document market in the state .
all that will [stay] are two laws aimed at stopping the false document market in the state .

Many military officers have had some training in Florida or Texas for instance , and remain constructive residents of such low- or no-tax states for many years thereafter .
many military officers have had some training in florida or texas for instance , and [stay] constructive residents of such low- or no-tax states for many years thereafter .

During AT , the teams could be restructured once , at the beginning , and then remain stable through the remaining portion of training .
during at , the teams could be restructured once , at the beginning , and then [stay] stable through the remaining portion of training .

In the $ 125,000- $ 40,000 scenario , for instance , a deficit-neutral solution would increase their taxes by $ 2,000 or so ( compared with now ) if they remain single and cut their taxes by about $ 550 if they get married .
in the $ 125,000- $ 40,000 scenario , for instance , a deficit-neutral solution would increase their taxes by $ 2,000 or so ( compared with now ) if they [stay] single and cut their taxes by about $ 550 if they get married .

If the Nazi state had rested only on coercion , it 's doubtful that Hitler could have persuaded millions of Germans to remain loyal to him , and to fight heroically to the end of the war .
if the nazi state had rested only on coercion , it 's doubtful that hitler could have persuaded millions of germans to [stay] loyal to him , and to fight heroically to the end of the war .

Participants have kept things real thus far , questioning why secret societies remain secret , what constitutes conspiratorial thought , and what differentiates the aforementioned wackos from legitimate psychodrama connoisseurs .
participants have kept things real thus far , questioning why secret societies [stay] secret , what constitutes conspiratorial thought , and what differentiates the aforementioned wackos from legitimate psychodrama connoisseurs .

Without these innovations , which only the market can produce , the Internet connection cost will remain exorbitant , even with the e-rate discounts !
without these innovations , which only the market can produce , the internet connection cost will [stay] exorbitant , even with the e-rate discounts !

Setting maximum terms of between six and 12 years in office would function as an antidote to Potomac fever and restore the place of the `` citizen legislator , '' whose loyalty would remain with the voters who elected him , not the institution in which he served .
setting maximum terms of between six and 12 years in office would function as an antidote to potomac fever and restore the place of the `` citizen legislator , '' whose loyalty would [stay] with the voters who elected him , not the institution in which he served .

Clinton regained his footing and won re-election in 1996 through a calculated centrism that is likely to remain his approach to politics for what remains of his elective career .
clinton regained his footing and won re-election in 1996 through a calculated centrism that is likely to [stay] his approach to politics for what remains of his elective career .

This left the Times and , to a lesser extent , other news organizations in the screwy position in which they remain .
this left the times and , to a lesser extent , other news organizations in the screwy position in which they [stay] .

This means that all the issues that conservatives care most about -- banning affirmative action , cutting taxes , pushing school choice -- remain on indefinite hold .
this means that all the issues that conservatives care most about -- banning affirmative action , cutting taxes , pushing school choice -- [stay] on indefinite hold .

Partly because of China 's Cold War value as a rival of the Soviet Union , partly because Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger started the rapprochement , partly because the American business establishment has embraced China so enthusiastically , and partly for reasons that remain mysterious , the Republican Party has had a soft spot for the world 's largest Communist regime for almost three decades .
partly because of china 's cold war value as a rival of the soviet union , partly because richard nixon and henry kissinger started the rapprochement , partly because the american business establishment has embraced china so enthusiastically , and partly for reasons that [stay] mysterious , the republican party has had a soft spot for the world 's largest communist regime for almost three decades .

Clinton 's and Blair 's political journeys remain similar .
clinton 's and blair 's political journeys [stay] similar .

Although doubt will always remain about what causes a change in social custom , the technology-shock theory does fit the facts .
although doubt will always [stay] about what causes a change in social custom , the technology-shock theory does fit the facts .

That means that Bush 's contribution reports remain essentially useless raw data for several weeks while those of his rivals are available for database searches .
that means that bush 's contribution reports [stay] essentially useless raw data for several weeks while those of his rivals are available for database searches .

Enormous obstacles remain , obstacles that an exultant America should stop and remember .
enormous obstacles [stay] , obstacles that an exultant america should stop and remember .

If he dies , it 's not clear that Syria can control Lebanon or that the Golan border will remain peaceful .
if he dies , it 's not clear that syria can control lebanon or that the golan border will [stay] peaceful .

Four teams remain in baseball 's playoffs .
four teams [stay] in baseball 's playoffs .

O rientalism and Culture and Imperialism are unquestionably incendiary , but they are also permanent and exemplary works of late-20 th -century criticism , in no small part because they invite so much argument , because for all the intellectual authority they project they remain open , vulnerable , provisional .
o rientalism and culture and imperialism are unquestionably incendiary , but they are also permanent and exemplary works of late-20 th -century criticism , in no small part because they invite so much argument , because for all the intellectual authority they project they [stay] open , vulnerable , provisional .

More than a week later , Republicans remain unrepentant .
more than a week later , republicans [stay] unrepentant .

Last night we picked out a nice-looking $ 62.95 establishment that shall remain nameless ( for reasons that will become obvious ) .
last night we picked out a nice-looking $ 62.95 establishment that shall [stay] nameless ( for reasons that will become obvious ) .

Story so pathetic it almost made us laugh : The Globe 's insistence that Kennedy could have `` averted tragedy '' had he heeded his July 16 horoscope , which warned Sagittarians to `` remain close to home . ''
story so pathetic it almost made us laugh : the globe 's insistence that kennedy could have `` averted tragedy '' had he heeded his july 16 horoscope , which warned sagittarians to `` [stay] close to home . ''

Three employees were hospitalized , and 300,000 residents were ordered to remain indoors .
three employees were hospitalized , and 300,000 residents were ordered to [stay] indoors .

Quayle said he had insufficient funds to remain competitive with George W. Bush .
quayle said he had insufficient funds to [stay] competitive with george w. bush .

With the Princess Diana museum reopening Thursday , her birthday , for its second summer season at Althorp , her family home in England , the Daily Telegraph reported that some 25,000 tickets still remain unsold , whereas last year all 150,000 tickets were snatched up before opening day .
with the princess diana museum reopening thursday , her birthday , for its second summer season at althorp , her family home in england , the daily telegraph reported that some 25,000 tickets still [stay] unsold , whereas last year all 150,000 tickets were snatched up before opening day .

As the prospects for implementing the Northern Ireland peace agreement remain gloomy , the Times of London attacked the British government for appeasing the Irish Republican Army , which has reportedly `` exiled '' more than 432 people from the province since the signing of the agreement last year .
as the prospects for implementing the northern ireland peace agreement [stay] gloomy , the times of london attacked the british government for appeasing the irish republican army , which has reportedly `` exiled '' more than 432 people from the province since the signing of the agreement last year .

He will remain passionate , eloquent , and sure of himself .
he will [stay] passionate , eloquent , and sure of himself .

To remain a tool for continued desegregation and not just for excellence , the magnet schools had to maintain set-asides for black students .
to [stay] a tool for continued desegregation and not just for excellence , the magnet schools had to maintain set-asides for black students .

Am I being unreasonable to extend my desire to remain incommunicado to the next generation ?
am i being unreasonable to extend my desire to [stay] incommunicado to the next generation ?

While soccer writers remain emotionally attached to the U.S. team , some , such as ESPN 's Jamie Trecker , fault their sloppy play and predict a Chinese victory .
while soccer writers [stay] emotionally attached to the u.s. team , some , such as espn 's jamie trecker , fault their sloppy play and predict a chinese victory .

The president 's approval ratings remain high , and he has been able to prosecute a war almost single-handedly .
the president 's approval ratings [stay] high , and he has been able to prosecute a war almost single-handedly .

Republicans and Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee remain at each other 's throats .
republicans and democrats on the house judiciary committee [stay] at each other 's throats .

Despite pleas from Republicans to remain loyal , he 's becoming increasingly vocal about his frustrations with GOP moderates .
despite pleas from republicans to [stay] loyal , he 's becoming increasingly vocal about his frustrations with gop moderates .

Spokesman Larry Fitzgerald says a dozen inmates were hurt in fighting at the Torres medium-security prison unit ; two remain hospitalized with stab wounds .
spokesman larry fitzgerald says a dozen inmates were hurt in fighting at the torres medium-security prison unit ; two [stay] hospitalized with stab wounds .

The businesses that remain -- perfumed slot palaces , Indian bingos , lotteries -- seem virtuous , and are virtuous , by comparison .
the businesses that [stay] -- perfumed slot palaces , indian bingos , lotteries -- seem virtuous , and are virtuous , by comparison .

If you 're looking for drugs to improve your `` mood '' or `` mental alertness , '' do n't throw out your dealer 's number just yet : The drugs that come closest to achieving these worthy goals remain highly illegal or must be prescribed by a doctor .
if you 're looking for drugs to improve your `` mood '' or `` mental alertness , '' do n't throw out your dealer 's number just yet : the drugs that come closest to achieving these worthy goals [stay] highly illegal or must be prescribed by a doctor .

Admitting that it will be difficult to persuade groups such as Falintil to disarm while Indonesian troops remain , the paper said , `` When the last Indonesian soldier has left East Timor , the rationale for the guerillas remaining a fighting force will be gone as well .
admitting that it will be difficult to persuade groups such as falintil to disarm while indonesian troops [stay] , the paper said , `` when the last indonesian soldier has left east timor , the rationale for the guerillas remaining a fighting force will be gone as well .

All these numbers may be climbing , but they remain low .
all these numbers may be climbing , but they [stay] low .

I do n't know which theory is right , but I do know that the door locks remain inexplicable unless you are in conflict with someone .
i do n't know which theory is right , but i do know that the door locks [stay] inexplicable unless you are in conflict with someone .

If the respondents are to be believed , there is no such thing as a presidential candidate who does n't use e-mail ( though we did n't bother asking Warren Beatty , Donald Trump , or Cybill Shepherd , all of whose candidacies remain extremely hypothetical ; and while we sent an e-mail to Bob Smith , we lacked the initiative to try to reach him by phone ) .
if the respondents are to be believed , there is no such thing as a presidential candidate who does n't use e-mail ( though we did n't bother asking warren beatty , donald trump , or cybill shepherd , all of whose candidacies [stay] extremely hypothetical ; and while we sent an e-mail to bob smith , we lacked the initiative to try to reach him by phone ) .

In Germany , Tagesspiegel of Berlin said , `` It is understandable that the KLA wants to remain armed in case of possible Serb attacks in the future .
in germany , tagesspiegel of berlin said , `` it is understandable that the kla wants to [stay] armed in case of possible serb attacks in the future .

Hundreds of thousands remain homeless , and water , electricity , and food supplies are cut off on much of the island .
hundreds of thousands [stay] homeless , and water , electricity , and food supplies are cut off on much of the island .

This year , a record number of institutions ( seven ) were able to persuade the AAUP that they had cleaned up their act and should be removed from the list ; 50 schools still remain under censure .
this year , a record number of institutions ( seven ) were able to persuade the aaup that they had cleaned up their act and should be removed from the list ; 50 schools still [stay] under censure .

Over the past week or so , many Republicans have concluded that Buchanan 's threat to join the Reform Party was no threat at all : His views are too extreme and unconscionable for him to remain a Republican .
over the past week or so , many republicans have concluded that buchanan 's threat to join the reform party was no threat at all : his views are too extreme and unconscionable for him to [stay] a republican .

Jerusalem `` will remain unified as the eternal capital of Israel , '' he said .
jerusalem `` will [stay] unified as the eternal capital of israel , '' he said .

An accompanying poll found that six in 10 Americans wished him to remain in exile from public life .
an accompanying poll found that six in 10 americans wished him to [stay] in exile from public life .

I 'd like us all to remain friends .
i 'd like us all to [stay] friends .

It is very important to the overall strength and infrastructure of the millennium project [ for it to remain distinct ] from our day-to-day messages and words that we use . ''
it is very important to the overall strength and infrastructure of the millennium project [ for it to [stay] distinct ] from our day-to-day messages and words that we use . ''

Tripp had hoped to remain anonymous in Isikoff 's story .
tripp had hoped to [stay] anonymous in isikoff 's story .

They want to remain in , or return to , their infancy , when the nursing bottle was the cure for all discomfort and anxiety .
they want to [stay] in , or return to , their infancy , when the nursing bottle was the cure for all discomfort and anxiety .

Yes , differences in interpretation remain and , after the Clinton Communion , commentators ritualistically recited the theological boilerplate I learned in parochial school : Catholics regard the Eucharist as a sacrifice , while for Protestants it is a mere memorial .
yes , differences in interpretation [stay] and , after the clinton communion , commentators ritualistically recited the theological boilerplate i learned in parochial school : catholics regard the eucharist as a sacrifice , while for protestants it is a mere memorial .

As one commentator observed in Manila right after Marcos fell , `` Ali Baba is gone , but the 40 thieves still remain . ''
as one commentator observed in manila right after marcos fell , `` ali baba is gone , but the 40 thieves still [stay] . ''

I remain of the opinion , however , that the content is far short of the potentialities of the technology .
i [stay] of the opinion , however , that the content is far short of the potentialities of the technology .

Furthermore , there is yet another Op-Ed piece in the New York Times today on the Brooklyn Museum show , this one by Philippe de Montebello , in which he characterizes the works on display there as by artists `` who deserve to remain obscure or be forgotten , '' boldly opining , `` I have seen the exhibition , and I think the emperor has no clothes . ''
furthermore , there is yet another op-ed piece in the new york times today on the brooklyn museum show , this one by philippe de montebello , in which he characterizes the works on display there as by artists `` who deserve to [stay] obscure or be forgotten , '' boldly opining , `` i have seen the exhibition , and i think the emperor has no clothes . ''

Constant-dollar movie prices dropped a bit more in the early 1990s , stabilizing during the middle 1990s at $ 4.70 to $ 4.80 ( in 1999 dollars ) , where they remain .
constant-dollar movie prices dropped a bit more in the early 1990s , stabilizing during the middle 1990s at $ 4.70 to $ 4.80 ( in 1999 dollars ) , where they [stay] .

Does relentless , even brilliant , irony remain an adequate response to the Third Reich , knowing as we do now so much more than we did then ?
does relentless , even brilliant , irony [stay] an adequate response to the third reich , knowing as we do now so much more than we did then ?

Avant-garde artistes such as respondents remain entirely free to épater les bourgeois ; they are merely deprived of the additional satisfaction of having the bourgeoisie taxed to pay for it .
avant-garde artistes such as respondents [stay] entirely free to épater les bourgeois ; they are merely deprived of the additional satisfaction of having the bourgeoisie taxed to pay for it .

Did their symptoms then worsen , or remain the same ?
did their symptoms then worsen , or [stay] the same ?

In these new worlds , people are participating in the global economy while their lives remain centered in their families and their local communities .
in these new worlds , people are participating in the global economy while their lives [stay] centered in their families and their local communities .

There remain , of course , a few social problems that really have gotten worse in the last few years , and Bennett , of course , eagerly cites them : a rising percentage of births to unwed mothers , rising marijuana consumption by high-school seniors , a growing and possibly indiscriminate tendency for doctors to prescribe Ritalin to children suspected of suffering from attention deficit disorder .
there [stay] , of course , a few social problems that really have gotten worse in the last few years , and bennett , of course , eagerly cites them : a rising percentage of births to unwed mothers , rising marijuana consumption by high-school seniors , a growing and possibly indiscriminate tendency for doctors to prescribe ritalin to children suspected of suffering from attention deficit disorder .

The two most striking things about financial panics , at least in the modern economic world , are that they happen more often than one would expect in a normal ( bell-curve-shaped ) distribution of events , and that when they happen , they tend to spread rather than remain localized .
the two most striking things about financial panics , at least in the modern economic world , are that they happen more often than one would expect in a normal ( bell-curve-shaped ) distribution of events , and that when they happen , they tend to spread rather than [stay] localized .

Thanks for the encouragement to remain graphically inept .
thanks for the encouragement to [stay] graphically inept .

Carlos Menem , the current president , did not seek re-election , but is expected to remain a formidible force in Argentine politics .
carlos menem , the current president , did not seek re-election , but is expected to [stay] a formidible force in argentine politics .

Habibie has apparently decided not to run to remain in office , but the bigger news that affects many people and concerns the U.N. and the countries currently supplying peacekeeping forces in East Timor is that Indonesia 's legislature has formally relinquished the nation 's claim to the region .
habibie has apparently decided not to run to [stay] in office , but the bigger news that affects many people and concerns the u.n. and the countries currently supplying peacekeeping forces in east timor is that indonesia 's legislature has formally relinquished the nation 's claim to the region .

According to an insurance industry report out today , while the Honda Accord and Toyota Camry remain the cars most often stolen , pickups , minivans , and SUVs are moving up fast .
according to an insurance industry report out today , while the honda accord and toyota camry [stay] the cars most often stolen , pickups , minivans , and suvs are moving up fast .

It will be impossible for index funds to destroy the efficiency of markets as long as those markets remain free and ruled by greed .
it will be impossible for index funds to destroy the efficiency of markets as long as those markets [stay] free and ruled by greed .

Krugman also criticizes my expectation that emerging economies will continue developing as world-class exporters but remain small consumer goods markets .
krugman also criticizes my expectation that emerging economies will continue developing as world-class exporters but [stay] small consumer goods markets .

Does Prudie mean to imply that women are not equal to men in this society and that therefore it is important to know a woman 's marital status immediately , while men are allowed to remain judged for who and what they are , regardless of their marital status ?
does prudie mean to imply that women are not equal to men in this society and that therefore it is important to know a woman 's marital status immediately , while men are allowed to [stay] judged for who and what they are , regardless of their marital status ?

His action on this front will remain a model of political sandbagging for years to come .
his action on this front will [stay] a model of political sandbagging for years to come .

Orwell asked that his list remain secret not because there was anything shameful about it , but because he feared it was libelous .
orwell asked that his list [stay] secret not because there was anything shameful about it , but because he feared it was libelous .

The 1956 swords-and-sandals epic The Ten Commandments has long since turned into a pillar of kitsch , but certain moments in the movie remain improbably vivid .
the 1956 swords-and-sandals epic the ten commandments has long since turned into a pillar of kitsch , but certain moments in the movie [stay] improbably vivid .

We should have everything , paid for by someone else who shall remain nameless .
we should have everything , paid for by someone else who shall [stay] nameless .

Peter Gay writes in the New York Times Book Review that `` even the reader familiar with Holocaust material must be gripped by these pages '' and that the book has a `` concrete , vivid power that is , and I think will remain , unsurpassed . ''
peter gay writes in the new york times book review that `` even the reader familiar with holocaust material must be gripped by these pages '' and that the book has a `` concrete , vivid power that is , and i think will [stay] , unsurpassed . ''

Despite radical changes to the story line , critics note that both the score and the ballet 's sense of magical fantasy remain virtually unchanged .
despite radical changes to the story line , critics note that both the score and the ballet 's sense of magical fantasy [stay] virtually unchanged .

Since court findings of paternity cost the imputed fathers eighteen years ' worth of support , it seems only fair that women be held accountable for any promises they make about attempting to remain childless .
since court findings of paternity cost the imputed fathers eighteen years ' worth of support , it seems only fair that women be held accountable for any promises they make about attempting to [stay] childless .

These voters have given Clinton a pass on this issue , telling him that he can burn the criminals he wants as long as black economic fortunes remain good .
these voters have given clinton a pass on this issue , telling him that he can burn the criminals he wants as long as black economic fortunes [stay] good .

The subject of their hackwork will remain a mystery to all until the weekend of the competition , when Slate will e-mail the Hackathletes the assignment and a cheat sheet of facts , figures , and quotes from which they can crib .
the subject of their hackwork will [stay] a mystery to all until the weekend of the competition , when slate will e-mail the hackathletes the assignment and a cheat sheet of facts , figures , and quotes from which they can crib .

Clinton would remain a cripple for the rest of his presidency .
clinton would [stay] a cripple for the rest of his presidency .

SAT math scores are up , reaching a 26-year peak , but verbal scores remain low .
sat math scores are up , reaching a 26-year peak , but verbal scores [stay] low .

The first bad omen : On July 10 , Hong Kong 's new Chinese-run government said textbooks must remain neutral in their descriptions of the Tiananmen Square massacre .
the first bad omen : on july 10 , hong kong 's new chinese-run government said textbooks must [stay] neutral in their descriptions of the tiananmen square massacre .

Rent control will remain for another six years .
rent control will [stay] for another six years .

Among the mind-numbing details reported by the New York Times : `` Second-generation tenants could remain in regulated apartments provided they were willing to pay the vacancy bonus . ''
among the mind-numbing details reported by the new york times : `` second-generation tenants could [stay] in regulated apartments provided they were willing to pay the vacancy bonus . ''

The catch : Gays must remain `` chaste , '' which means avoiding `` genital sexual involvement '' with same-sex friends .
the catch : gays must [stay] `` chaste , '' which means avoiding `` genital sexual involvement '' with same-sex friends .

Unfortunately , when the smoke clears , prices for these goods remain surprisingly high ( an average comic book is seven or eight times more expensive than it was 20 years ago ) , which may have something to do with why sales growth is so slow .
unfortunately , when the smoke clears , prices for these goods [stay] surprisingly high ( an average comic book is seven or eight times more expensive than it was 20 years ago ) , which may have something to do with why sales growth is so slow .

As long as the interest-rate hikes remain manageable , the stock market welcomes them .
as long as the interest-rate hikes [stay] manageable , the stock market welcomes them .

Al Hunt ( Capital Gang ) predicts that Bradley will have to win both Iowa and New Hampshire to have a chance at the nomination , and Steve Roberts ( CNN 's Late Edition ) warns that Bradley could veer too far left to remain electable .
al hunt ( capital gang ) predicts that bradley will have to win both iowa and new hampshire to have a chance at the nomination , and steve roberts ( cnn 's late edition ) warns that bradley could veer too far left to [stay] electable .

As extraordinary as his decision to remain a prisoner seems , it was entirely in character .
as extraordinary as his decision to [stay] a prisoner seems , it was entirely in character .

If he 's not ousted , Clinton will remain an `` unquestioned and unrepentant villain . ''
if he 's not ousted , clinton will [stay] an `` unquestioned and unrepentant villain . ''

Reviewers view Adams ' decision to remain opaque as a political necessity .
reviewers view adams ' decision to [stay] opaque as a political necessity .

Stocks remain overvalued , and a harmless fall now will prevent a tragic fall later .
stocks [stay] overvalued , and a harmless fall now will prevent a tragic fall later .

Able to feel pain and hear doctors ( who sometimes ridicule the `` unconscious '' patient ) , `` awareness '' victims remain unable to speak or move for the duration of the surgery .
able to feel pain and hear doctors ( who sometimes ridicule the `` unconscious '' patient ) , `` awareness '' victims [stay] unable to speak or move for the duration of the surgery .

Under Clinton 's plan `` less than one-quarter of the cigarette-tax revenues remain for programs that help the less prosperous . ''
under clinton 's plan `` less than one-quarter of the cigarette-tax revenues [stay] for programs that help the less prosperous . ''

The Czech Wichterle , at one time a political prisoner of the Nazis , discovered a polymer that lets the lens remain moist while in contact with the eye .
the czech wichterle , at one time a political prisoner of the nazis , discovered a polymer that lets the lens [stay] moist while in contact with the eye .

Foreigners remain baffled by the Clinton scandal , however : One attendee joked , `` The French ask why he has n't had more women ; the Africans ask why he did n't make her pregnant ; and the Russians wonder why the girl is still alive . ''
foreigners [stay] baffled by the clinton scandal , however : one attendee joked , `` the french ask why he has n't had more women ; the africans ask why he did n't make her pregnant ; and the russians wonder why the girl is still alive . ''

The players remain committed to their academic work .
the players [stay] committed to their academic work .

Instead of melting into one brown nation , America may remain two nations : one beige ( white-Hispanic-Asian ) and one black .
instead of melting into one brown nation , america may [stay] two nations : one beige ( white-hispanic-asian ) and one black .

Because he is desperate to remain important .
because he is desperate to [stay] important .

Sufferers of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva remain healthy inside , but their muscles and tendons ossify , leaving them paralyzed .
sufferers of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva [stay] healthy inside , but their muscles and tendons ossify , leaving them paralyzed .

Two accompanying articles argue that the boom will continue ( because unemployment and inflation remain low ) or will not ( because price-to-earnings ratios are too high ) .
two accompanying articles argue that the boom will continue ( because unemployment and inflation [stay] low ) or will not ( because price-to-earnings ratios are too high ) .

If he had been re-elected , Congress would have probably punished him by cutting his salary ; eliminating the security guards who remain ; and stripping him of the few , pathetic agencies he does control .
if he had been re-elected , congress would have probably punished him by cutting his salary ; eliminating the security guards who [stay] ; and stripping him of the few , pathetic agencies he does control .

Three previous picks remain on the paperback-best-seller list .
three previous picks [stay] on the paperback-best-seller list .

The Donahues and Springers of the world remain aloof , above and separate from guests .
the donahues and springers of the world [stay] aloof , above and separate from guests .

As she told National Public Radio , her desire to study medicine was thwarted by officials who wanted her to remain available for media interviews that stemmed from the photograph 's worldwide fame ; she herself had become a propaganda exhibit .
as she told national public radio , her desire to study medicine was thwarted by officials who wanted her to [stay] available for media interviews that stemmed from the photograph 's worldwide fame ; she herself had become a propaganda exhibit .

Plenty of mysteries about Flytrap remain .
plenty of mysteries about flytrap [stay] .

MLS 's dilemma is this : If it does n't pay for talent , it will certainly remain a minor league .
mls 's dilemma is this : if it does n't pay for talent , it will certainly [stay] a minor league .

Trust that our foreign creditors will remain willing to invest their surplus dollars in U.S. securities and other assets and to reinvest the proceeds from those investments within our borders in a kindly fashion .
trust that our foreign creditors will [stay] willing to invest their surplus dollars in u.s. securities and other assets and to reinvest the proceeds from those investments within our borders in a kindly fashion .

As Ghana 's promising democracy collapsed into a dictatorship , Annan , like many bright young West Africans , decided to remain overseas .
as ghana 's promising democracy collapsed into a dictatorship , annan , like many bright young west africans , decided to [stay] overseas .

Nerds may or may not carry their adolescent obsession into adulthood , but the scars of their obsession remain palpable .
nerds may or may not carry their adolescent obsession into adulthood , but the scars of their obsession [stay] palpable .

However , taxes remain at nearly the same levels as when he entered office , and government spending has increased more than 50 percent during his six-year tenure .
however , taxes [stay] at nearly the same levels as when he entered office , and government spending has increased more than 50 percent during his six-year tenure .

At 73 , Heston does remain an awesome presence -- tall , grandfatherly , astonishingly handsome , his voice as magnificent as ever .
at 73 , heston does [stay] an awesome presence -- tall , grandfatherly , astonishingly handsome , his voice as magnificent as ever .

This may allow John McCain and Bill Bradley to remain competitive through later primaries if they do well in New Hampshire .
this may allow john mccain and bill bradley to [stay] competitive through later primaries if they do well in new hampshire .

The other , Alan Keyes , ranted and raved about a variety of topics but was allowed to remain .
the other , alan keyes , ranted and raved about a variety of topics but was allowed to [stay] .

Probably it reflected a yearning to remain blissfully ignorant of trends in the news business for as long as was humanly possible .
probably it reflected a yearning to [stay] blissfully ignorant of trends in the news business for as long as was humanly possible .

What 's important about Britannica 's most recent screw-up -- it opened its revamped Web site for business two weeks ago and then immediately shut it down because the sheer volume of traffic crashed the site -- is not just that it shows how ill-equipped to deal with the Internet most big companies remain .
what 's important about britannica 's most recent screw-up -- it opened its revamped web site for business two weeks ago and then immediately shut it down because the sheer volume of traffic crashed the site -- is not just that it shows how ill-equipped to deal with the internet most big companies [stay] .

I remain ambivalent about his work , but it is certainly not , as Wieseltier asserts `` almost completely worthless . ''
i [stay] ambivalent about his work , but it is certainly not , as wieseltier asserts `` almost completely worthless . ''

I said , essentially , if you did n't speak up when it could have made a difference , Mr. Secretary , you should have the decency to remain silent now .
i said , essentially , if you did n't speak up when it could have made a difference , mr. secretary , you should have the decency to [stay] silent now .

Five years and $ 2 billion after the U.S. invasion , the country is a dictatorship in which `` chaos and violent death remain facts of life . ''
five years and $ 2 billion after the u.s. invasion , the country is a dictatorship in which `` chaos and violent death [stay] facts of life . ''

There remain many unanswered questions about the Staples deal , of which the `` journalism ethics '' question is only one -- and perhaps the least interesting .
there [stay] many unanswered questions about the staples deal , of which the `` journalism ethics '' question is only one -- and perhaps the least interesting .

A `` senior official '' undercuts the sincerity of the new U.S. position when he tells the Times , `` We can not imagine , based on our analysis , that a genuinely free and fair election would allow Milosevic to remain as president . ''
a `` senior official '' undercuts the sincerity of the new u.s. position when he tells the times , `` we can not imagine , based on our analysis , that a genuinely free and fair election would allow milosevic to [stay] as president . ''

The total amount of value in the industry as a whole will remain the same .
the total amount of value in the industry as a whole will [stay] the same .

What that means is that the determinants of value for the industry as a whole -- free cash flow , return on invested capital , and future growth prospects -- will remain unchanged after the merger wave is done .
what that means is that the determinants of value for the industry as a whole -- free cash flow , return on invested capital , and future growth prospects -- will [stay] unchanged after the merger wave is done .

That means the stock price of the industry as a whole -- if there were such a thing -- should remain the same .
that means the stock price of the industry as a whole -- if there were such a thing -- should [stay] the same .

The PRI should fare well in next year 's general election if it can remain less fractured than its opposition .
the pri should fare well in next year 's general election if it can [stay] less fractured than its opposition .

It was designed by the acclaimed engineers behind many of Seattle 's commercial skyscrapers , all of which remain standing , thank you .
it was designed by the acclaimed engineers behind many of seattle 's commercial skyscrapers , all of which [stay] standing , thank you .

It argues that publicly disclosing key evidence , as normal courts require , can expose and endanger its intelligence sources , and that the unspeakable alternative is to allow suspected terrorists to remain in the country .
it argues that publicly disclosing key evidence , as normal courts require , can expose and endanger its intelligence sources , and that the unspeakable alternative is to allow suspected terrorists to [stay] in the country .

Most articles remain in the current contents list for a week .
most articles [stay] in the current contents list for a week .

All past articles , features , and columns remain available in `` The Compost . ''
all past articles , features , and columns [stay] available in `` the compost . ''

The first thing I 'd do is turn to Bill Clinton and say you have the right to remain silent . ''
the first thing i 'd do is turn to bill clinton and say you have the right to [stay] silent . ''

According to USAT and the Los Angeles Times , Turkish clean-up efforts turned to clearing debris and stemming the spread of disease as it became clear , five days after the quake , that few if any victims remain to be discovered alive .
according to usat and the los angeles times , turkish clean-up efforts turned to clearing debris and stemming the spread of disease as it became clear , five days after the quake , that few if any victims [stay] to be discovered alive .

As long as Harper 's Bazaar and Elle remain outside the fold , Condé Nast will be limited in its ability to do whatever bad things monopolists generally do .
as long as harper 's bazaar and elle [stay] outside the fold , condé nast will be limited in its ability to do whatever bad things monopolists generally do .

An apology would clear the decks : Flytrap would disappear , and the other investigations would not remain to threaten him .
an apology would clear the decks : flytrap would disappear , and the other investigations would not [stay] to threaten him .

Making no reference to the United States or to the possibility that the attack might have been a reprisal for U.S. missile attacks in Sudan and Afghanistan , it blamed terrorists who `` want our communities to remain divided . ''
making no reference to the united states or to the possibility that the attack might have been a reprisal for u.s. missile attacks in sudan and afghanistan , it blamed terrorists who `` want our communities to [stay] divided . ''

Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan 's warning last week that the United States can not remain indefinitely untouched by the troubles in Asia and Russia aroused anxious comment around the world .
federal reserve chairman alan greenspan 's warning last week that the united states can not [stay] indefinitely untouched by the troubles in asia and russia aroused anxious comment around the world .

It said that `` the purposes of the military adventure in Iraq remain fatally unspecific , '' and added that one reason Saddam had not dared to use his biological and chemical weapons during the Gulf War was the weight of Arab power ranged against him .
it said that `` the purposes of the military adventure in iraq [stay] fatally unspecific , '' and added that one reason saddam had not dared to use his biological and chemical weapons during the gulf war was the weight of arab power ranged against him .

An opinion poll commissioned by the newspaper showed that 55 percent of French citizens wanted France to remain neutral in any U.S. attack on Iraq , but the same percentage thought that the prime objective of any U.S. strike should be `` to eliminate Saddam Hussein . ''
an opinion poll commissioned by the newspaper showed that 55 percent of french citizens wanted france to [stay] neutral in any u.s. attack on iraq , but the same percentage thought that the prime objective of any u.s. strike should be `` to eliminate saddam hussein . ''

The notion that the United States wants Britain to remain part of a European bloc is `` becoming out of date , '' the paper said .
the notion that the united states wants britain to [stay] part of a european bloc is `` becoming out of date , '' the paper said .

In London , the Times said Israel would remain `` a restless , innovative society '' and continue to make sacrifices to support its own .
in london , the times said israel would [stay] `` a restless , innovative society '' and continue to make sacrifices to support its own .

The endless `` mood monitoring '' of the people and their president has revealed a `` swirl of conflicting feelings , '' but the end product is the `` [ s ] ame as it was when the whole thing started : Mr. Clinton remains the President and the citizens remain guardedly content to keep him there . ''
the endless `` mood monitoring '' of the people and their president has revealed a `` swirl of conflicting feelings , '' but the end product is the `` [ s ] ame as it was when the whole thing started : mr. clinton remains the president and the citizens [stay] guardedly content to keep him there . ''

The Straits Times of Singapore led on a prediction by World Bank Chief James Wolfensohn , made in an interview with the International Herald Tribune , that as many as 20 million more Indonesians may be forced into poverty by their country 's economic crisis and remain desperately poor for years to come .
the straits times of singapore led on a prediction by world bank chief james wolfensohn , made in an interview with the international herald tribune , that as many as 20 million more indonesians may be forced into poverty by their country 's economic crisis and [stay] desperately poor for years to come .

At the New York Times , the lead story is the strongest indication yet from the Clinton administration that U.S. troops may remain in Bosnia past the originally stated pull-out date .
at the new york times , the lead story is the strongest indication yet from the clinton administration that u.s. troops may [stay] in bosnia past the originally stated pull-out date .

Some hurdles remain however , says the Times : the U.S. would like at least a limited exemption for anti-personnel mines used in conjunction with anti-tank mines , and also wants an escape clause allowing exemptions for countries who are the victims of aggression .
some hurdles [stay] however , says the times : the u.s. would like at least a limited exemption for anti-personnel mines used in conjunction with anti-tank mines , and also wants an escape clause allowing exemptions for countries who are the victims of aggression .

More and more excellent new services that will forever remain just of out my reach . ''
more and more excellent new services that will forever [stay] just of out my reach . ''

Grilled on Fox by a hostile Brit Hume and Tony Snow , Buchanan calls George W. Bush 's appeal to him to remain in the GOP `` gracious '' and `` smart . ''
grilled on fox by a hostile brit hume and tony snow , buchanan calls george w. bush 's appeal to him to [stay] in the gop `` gracious '' and `` smart . ''

Today , East and West Timor remain quite similar .
today , east and west timor [stay] quite similar .

Though over half of the Indonesian GDP comes from the service sector , both East and West Timor 's economies remain firmly rooted in agriculture .
though over half of the indonesian gdp comes from the service sector , both east and west timor 's economies [stay] firmly rooted in agriculture .

The overall impression must remain that of no trouble taken whatsoever , even to make a straight part , so that the hair looks as if sun and wind and some tumbling in bed were all it ever got .
the overall impression must [stay] that of no trouble taken whatsoever , even to make a straight part , so that the hair looks as if sun and wind and some tumbling in bed were all it ever got .

His argument is persuasive , but the conclusion is so counterintuitive -- why should the soloist meekly accompany the orchestra when he is n't defying it ? -- that I remain unconvinced .
his argument is persuasive , but the conclusion is so counterintuitive -- why should the soloist meekly accompany the orchestra when he is n't defying it ? -- that i [stay] unconvinced .

There is something perverse about the Cloisters ' demand that the essential quality of a work of art remain intact , even when it is dropped into an alien habitat .
there is something perverse about the cloisters ' demand that the essential quality of a work of art [stay] intact , even when it is dropped into an alien habitat .

A game is guaranteed to have a Nash equilibrium , it turns out , for the same reason that in a cup of coffee that is being stirred , at least one coffee molecule must remain absolutely still .
a game is guaranteed to have a nash equilibrium , it turns out , for the same reason that in a cup of coffee that is being stirred , at least one coffee molecule must [stay] absolutely still .

This theorem says that for any continuous rearrangement of a domain of things , there will necessarily exist at least one thing in that domain that will remain unchanged -- the `` fixed point . ''
this theorem says that for any continuous rearrangement of a domain of things , there will necessarily exist at least one thing in that domain that will [stay] unchanged -- the `` fixed point . ''

Lessons must be mastered and feet remain shod .
lessons must be mastered and feet [stay] shod .

Despite the Civil War , the Reconstruction , and the Civil Rights Revolution , an appreciable number of observers continue to assert that the United States is , and will remain , a white supremacist pigmentocracy .
despite the civil war , the reconstruction , and the civil rights revolution , an appreciable number of observers continue to assert that the united states is , and will [stay] , a white supremacist pigmentocracy .

The authors are critical of those who , in their view , exaggerate the significance of white racism , the significance of the black underclass , and the extent to which blacks remain outsiders .
the authors are critical of those who , in their view , exaggerate the significance of white racism , the significance of the black underclass , and the extent to which blacks [stay] outsiders .

They say little about the large extent to which key anti-discrimination provisions remain underenforced .
they say little about the large extent to which key anti-discrimination provisions [stay] underenforced .

These ideas are n't developed ; they remain on the level of rhetoric .
these ideas are n't developed ; they [stay] on the level of rhetoric .

The historical events that inspired the novel remain submerged and inaccessible , except to those of us who know them well .
the historical events that inspired the novel [stay] submerged and inaccessible , except to those of us who know them well .

No in-your-face politics , perhaps , but children and their rights remain sacred in the public eye -- even Republican conservatives did n't dare oppose the Kennedy-Hatch plan of health care for kids paid for by cigarette taxes , part of this summer 's bipartisan budget bill .
no in-your-face politics , perhaps , but children and their rights [stay] sacred in the public eye -- even republican conservatives did n't dare oppose the kennedy-hatch plan of health care for kids paid for by cigarette taxes , part of this summer 's bipartisan budget bill .

This even though U.N. weapons inspectors returned to Iraq and the sanctions remain in place .
this even though u.n. weapons inspectors returned to iraq and the sanctions [stay] in place .

British Shakespeare scholars remain skeptical , both of the death mask 's authenticity and of the possibility of discovering Shakespeare 's true face .
british shakespeare scholars [stay] skeptical , both of the death mask 's authenticity and of the possibility of discovering shakespeare 's true face .

It is thus very important to Beijing that relations remain on track until the planned exchange of formal presidential visits , which could happen as early as next year .
it is thus very important to beijing that relations [stay] on track until the planned exchange of formal presidential visits , which could happen as early as next year .

Curators and costume historians remain skeptical .
curators and costume historians [stay] skeptical .

Even if the Taliban succeeds in conquering the entire country , many areas will remain subject to guerrilla warfare .
even if the taliban succeeds in conquering the entire country , many areas will [stay] subject to guerrilla warfare .

The judiciary , run by respected judges , should be able to remain independent , except when it is handling highly sensitive , politicized cases in which Beijing 's central authority is at stake .
the judiciary , run by respected judges , should be able to [stay] independent , except when it is handling highly sensitive , politicized cases in which beijing 's central authority is at stake .

It 's good that France remain a non-Anglo-Saxon exception culturelle -- and a certain price , within reason , is worth paying for it .
it 's good that france [stay] a non-anglo-saxon exception culturelle -- and a certain price , within reason , is worth paying for it .

No , I do n't dispute that , for a short period of time , some socialistic impulses addressed some real problems in America and the West and should remain in place .
no , i do n't dispute that , for a short period of time , some socialistic impulses addressed some real problems in america and the west and should [stay] in place .

Expect industrywide numbers to remain fuzzy in the foreseeable future .
expect industrywide numbers to [stay] fuzzy in the foreseeable future .

If you do call it a day with the mother of your children , you will be spared a divorce ... but will remain financially responsible for child support .
if you do call it a day with the mother of your children , you will be spared a divorce ... but will [stay] financially responsible for child support .

If it does , it will probably bury the island ( and the few thousand inhabitants who remain ) in lava and ash .
if it does , it will probably bury the island ( and the few thousand inhabitants who [stay] ) in lava and ash .

To remain relevant , labor must take risks and build its membership ( current growth rate : less than 2 percent per year ) .
to [stay] relevant , labor must take risks and build its membership ( current growth rate : less than 2 percent per year ) .

An excerpt from Stephan and Abigail Thernstrom 's America in Black and White cites polls to reject the conventional wisdom that Americans remain bitterly divided over race : `` In fact , we are one nation , with blacks and whites much less unequal and , by many measures , much less hostile than in the past . ''
an excerpt from stephan and abigail thernstrom 's america in black and white cites polls to reject the conventional wisdom that americans [stay] bitterly divided over race : `` in fact , we are one nation , with blacks and whites much less unequal and , by many measures , much less hostile than in the past . ''

The five officers charged pleaded not guilty and remain free on bond .
the five officers charged pleaded not guilty and [stay] free on bond .

More than the other papers , the New York Times emphasizes that much seems to remain unresolved for the moment -- the number of sites covered may actually be limited , it reports .
more than the other papers , the new york times emphasizes that much seems to [stay] unresolved for the moment -- the number of sites covered may actually be limited , it reports .

Do n't forget the Bulworth reference : `` My former client is now represented by.new counsel , and while I will remain a spirit , not a ghost , they must go forward and represent her as they know best how to do . ''
do n't forget the bulworth reference : `` my former client is now represented by.new counsel , and while i will [stay] a spirit , not a ghost , they must go forward and represent her as they know best how to do . ''

The NYT , in the course of its four Wang stories , notes that some 2,000 people remain imprisoned in China for the crime of `` counterrevolution . ''
the nyt , in the course of its four wang stories , notes that some 2,000 people [stay] imprisoned in china for the crime of `` counterrevolution . ''

In response , says the Post , Annan telephoned President Clinton yesterday , reassuring him that inspections will remain controlled by technical experts .
in response , says the post , annan telephoned president clinton yesterday , reassuring him that inspections will [stay] controlled by technical experts .

His own whereabouts during much of the war remain unknown .
his own whereabouts during much of the war [stay] unknown .

That means that while the economy can grow faster than 2-point-whatever percent for a while if it starts from a high rate of unemployment ( like the 7.5-percent unemployment rate that prevailed in late 1992 ) , in the long run , that growth rate can not remain higher than the rate that keeps unemployment constant .
that means that while the economy can grow faster than 2-point-whatever percent for a while if it starts from a high rate of unemployment ( like the 7.5-percent unemployment rate that prevailed in late 1992 ) , in the long run , that growth rate can not [stay] higher than the rate that keeps unemployment constant .

I think about that story often ; it helps me to stay calm in the face of crisis , to remain hopeful in times of depression , and to resist the pull of fatalism and pessimism .
i think about that story often ; it helps me to stay calm in the face of crisis , to [stay] hopeful in times of depression , and to resist the pull of fatalism and pessimism .

As I said at the beginning , the story of the baby-sitting co-op helps me to remain calm in the face of crisis .
as i said at the beginning , the story of the baby-sitting co-op helps me to [stay] calm in the face of crisis .

As I said , the story of the baby-sitting co-op helps me remain hopeful in times of depression .
as i said , the story of the baby-sitting co-op helps me [stay] hopeful in times of depression .

To see why , consider Slate , which recently decided to remain free to users for now .
to see why , consider slate , which recently decided to [stay] free to users for now .

I ca n't remember a thing about the conference itself , although my impressions of the food and wine -- this was my first adult visit to the city -- remain vivid .
i ca n't remember a thing about the conference itself , although my impressions of the food and wine -- this was my first adult visit to the city -- [stay] vivid .

Reading Loury 's dissertation today , 22 years after he wrote it , is a depressing experience -- precisely because the essays were so good and remain so relevant .
reading loury 's dissertation today , 22 years after he wrote it , is a depressing experience -- precisely because the essays were so good and [stay] so relevant .

Whatever the temptations of cloning , the process of natural reproduction will always remain a lot more fun .
whatever the temptations of cloning , the process of natural reproduction will always [stay] a lot more fun .

I wo n't even mention the sort of logrolling that routinely goes on in the book-review biz , the most recent example of which involves a certain D.C.-based weekly political magazine that shall remain nameless .
i wo n't even mention the sort of logrolling that routinely goes on in the book-review biz , the most recent example of which involves a certain d.c.-based weekly political magazine that shall [stay] nameless .

According to the Post lead , the FBI 's willingness to let the NTSB ( the government 's accident investigation body ) remain for the time being in charge of the EgyptAir investigation , rather than officially ratcheting it up into an up-front criminal probe , has a payoff : It placates the Egyptian authorities , who therefore have been more cooperative in sharing flight and personnel records with the Bureau , which outside the U.S. has no power to seize evidence .
according to the post lead , the fbi 's willingness to let the ntsb ( the government 's accident investigation body ) [stay] for the time being in charge of the egyptair investigation , rather than officially ratcheting it up into an up-front criminal probe , has a payoff : it placates the egyptian authorities , who therefore have been more cooperative in sharing flight and personnel records with the bureau , which outside the u.s. has no power to seize evidence .

Here is an intellectual effort that is greatly compromised by anti-intellectual forces of compelling strength : the need to give emphasis to homosexuality all out of proportion to its importance in black life , the need to mention people such as rappers like Tupac Shakur and the like when the art and significance of such people remain to be proved worthy of attention , the need for personalities generally like Rupaul whose inclusion is an embarrassment .
here is an intellectual effort that is greatly compromised by anti-intellectual forces of compelling strength : the need to give emphasis to homosexuality all out of proportion to its importance in black life , the need to mention people such as rappers like tupac shakur and the like when the art and significance of such people [stay] to be proved worthy of attention , the need for personalities generally like rupaul whose inclusion is an embarrassment .

The WP and Wall Street Journal report that a JAMA study published Tuesday suggests that despite widespread fears among women to the contrary , the frequency of sexual activity and the pleasure derived from it remain the same or even increase after having a hysterectomy .
the wp and wall street journal report that a jama study published tuesday suggests that despite widespread fears among women to the contrary , the frequency of sexual activity and the pleasure derived from it [stay] the same or even increase after having a hysterectomy .

The LAT highlights the Republican claim that passage of the bill could mean that the Social Security trust fund will remain untouched for the first time in 30 years , an assertion that the NYT treats with deep skepticism .
the lat highlights the republican claim that passage of the bill could mean that the social security trust fund will [stay] untouched for the first time in 30 years , an assertion that the nyt treats with deep skepticism .

The Russian war against Chechnya stood in stark contrast to the goals of the security talks , but Russia said that despite the mass of criticism it was receiving in Turkey , its conduct toward Chechnya would remain unchanged .
the russian war against chechnya stood in stark contrast to the goals of the security talks , but russia said that despite the mass of criticism it was receiving in turkey , its conduct toward chechnya would [stay] unchanged .

In a market in which political connections remain essential and state intervention can come at any time , a first-mover advantage , insofar as it seems to reflect state sanction , if not support , appears to be rather more significant .
in a market in which political connections [stay] essential and state intervention can come at any time , a first-mover advantage , insofar as it seems to reflect state sanction , if not support , appears to be rather more significant .

The boy is said to want to remain in the U.S .
the boy is said to want to [stay] in the u.s .

Today 's was in the New York Times , on Bradley 's first big promo spot , in which , because he drafted a bill to allow women to remain hospitalized for 48 hours after delivering a newborn , a woman claims that `` Thanks to Bill Bradley , my daughter is alive today . ''
today 's was in the new york times , on bradley 's first big promo spot , in which , because he drafted a bill to allow women to [stay] hospitalized for 48 hours after delivering a newborn , a woman claims that `` thanks to bill bradley , my daughter is alive today . ''

I remain confident that most people , most of the time , can see beyond the sound bites to appreciate leaders who try to do the right things for the right reasons .
i [stay] confident that most people , most of the time , can see beyond the sound bites to appreciate leaders who try to do the right things for the right reasons .

The cogs and pistons that dominate his paintings of the early 1920s remain unusually intimate , human-scale .
the cogs and pistons that dominate his paintings of the early 1920s [stay] unusually intimate , human-scale .

For light on the psychological aspects of the Chambers-Hiss story , the best sources remain Allen Weinstein 's authoritative Perjury : The Hiss-Chambers Case ( 1978 ) and Chambers himself , who , in Witness , is far more revealing about himself than Tanenhaus chooses to be .
for light on the psychological aspects of the chambers-hiss story , the best sources [stay] allen weinstein 's authoritative perjury : the hiss-chambers case ( 1978 ) and chambers himself , who , in witness , is far more revealing about himself than tanenhaus chooses to be .

He lets himself dream that there might arise `` schools of creative reading , '' but he also knows that his dreams will remain just that .
he lets himself dream that there might arise `` schools of creative reading , '' but he also knows that his dreams will [stay] just that .

On either interpretation , though , the paintings remain extraordinary , and extraordinarily beautiful .
on either interpretation , though , the paintings [stay] extraordinary , and extraordinarily beautiful .

She extended the net patterns of the flowers across huge canvases , creating the white-on-white `` Infinity Net '' paintings that remain among her most beautiful creations and , along with color variants , were favorably compared at the time to the decentered , `` allover '' paintings of Jackson Pollock ( . , 1960 ) .
she extended the net patterns of the flowers across huge canvases , creating the white-on-white `` infinity net '' paintings that [stay] among her most beautiful creations and , along with color variants , were favorably compared at the time to the decentered , `` allover '' paintings of jackson pollock ( . , 1960 ) .

You might get the idea that her views on the Nazis were muted -- she did remain in an obscure semirural corner of Berlin through the war , after all .
you might get the idea that her views on the nazis were muted -- she did [stay] in an obscure semirural corner of berlin through the war , after all .

Obsessivism drags us into its space , though we remain voyeurs .
obsessivism drags us into its space , though we [stay] voyeurs .

It may be that people are staying invested because for a supposed bubble in which prices are driven ever higher by indiscriminate investors , this market is actually quite discriminating , and its standards for corporate performance remain quite high .
it may be that people are staying invested because for a supposed bubble in which prices are driven ever higher by indiscriminate investors , this market is actually quite discriminating , and its standards for corporate performance [stay] quite high .

The higher penalties will have multiple effects : One is to reduce the number of thefts , but another is to encourage more violent action by the thieves that remain when faced with the risk of capture .
the higher penalties will have multiple effects : one is to reduce the number of thefts , but another is to encourage more violent action by the thieves that [stay] when faced with the risk of capture .

Because eBay is essentially just facilitating interactions between buyers and sellers and not building or even really selling anything itself , its gross margins ( that is , the cost of actually providing its `` goods '' ) are almost guaranteed to remain high .
because ebay is essentially just facilitating interactions between buyers and sellers and not building or even really selling anything itself , its gross margins ( that is , the cost of actually providing its `` goods '' ) are almost guaranteed to [stay] high .

They will get less for the service they supply and others will remain part time on the public highway .
they will get less for the service they supply and others will [stay] part time on the public highway .

The NYT fronts Janet Reno 's remarks yesterday that only federal courts have the authority to decide the disposition of the Elián González case , and not the Florida judge who ruled that the boy must remain in the U.S. until an early March hearing .
the nyt fronts janet reno 's remarks yesterday that only federal courts have the authority to decide the disposition of the elián gonzález case , and not the florida judge who ruled that the boy must [stay] in the u.s. until an early march hearing .

Gates said that he would remain Microsoft 's chairman .
gates said that he would [stay] microsoft 's chairman .

Both papers report that one factor was the publication in the Israeli press last week of the working paper for the talks , which displeased Syria by revealing some of its heretofore unpublicized concessions , such as allowing some sort of Israeli intelligence ground station to remain in the Golan Heights and endorsing the exchange of ambassadors and the opening of borders .
both papers report that one factor was the publication in the israeli press last week of the working paper for the talks , which displeased syria by revealing some of its heretofore unpublicized concessions , such as allowing some sort of israeli intelligence ground station to [stay] in the golan heights and endorsing the exchange of ambassadors and the opening of borders .

Even nighttime dramas remain tightly structured around 15-minute segments , which means that points have to be hammered into your head for fear you 'll forget what happened from one commercial to the next .
even nighttime dramas [stay] tightly structured around 15-minute segments , which means that points have to be hammered into your head for fear you 'll forget what happened from one commercial to the next .

They remain some of the most evocative images of the 1970s , those film clips of sheiks clad in flowing robes and luxuriant headdresses , striding confidently from hotel lobbies into waiting limousines , secure in the knowledge that in controlling two-thirds of the world 's oil reserves , they controlled the lifeblood of the industrialized world .
they [stay] some of the most evocative images of the 1970s , those film clips of sheiks clad in flowing robes and luxuriant headdresses , striding confidently from hotel lobbies into waiting limousines , secure in the knowledge that in controlling two-thirds of the world 's oil reserves , they controlled the lifeblood of the industrialized world .

Where almost everything else gets consumed and cast aside almost immediately , Star Wars has been able to remain somehow fashionable .
where almost everything else gets consumed and cast aside almost immediately , star wars has been able to [stay] somehow fashionable .

Americans remain frustrated with the inability of the justice system to control rape and child molestation .
americans [stay] frustrated with the inability of the justice system to control rape and child molestation .

While the company 's most important product of the late 1980s , the SPARCstation , featured a high-speed processor of Sun 's own devising , throughout its history Sun has done an impressive job of keeping pace with technological change by refusing to remain locked into one vision of the future .
while the company 's most important product of the late 1980s , the sparcstation , featured a high-speed processor of sun 's own devising , throughout its history sun has done an impressive job of keeping pace with technological change by refusing to [stay] locked into one vision of the future .

These methods allow Microsoft to argue that computer makers can add other browsers ( such as Netscape 's popular Navigator ) and that users remain free to switch to them .
these methods allow microsoft to argue that computer makers can add other browsers ( such as netscape 's popular navigator ) and that users [stay] free to switch to them .

To be sure , `` superfluity '' overstates the case , since Grove will remain at Intel as chairman of the board , while Craig Barrett , who will become CEO May 20 , has already been running much of the company 's day-to-day business as president and chief operating officer .
to be sure , `` superfluity '' overstates the case , since grove will [stay] at intel as chairman of the board , while craig barrett , who will become ceo may 20 , has already been running much of the company 's day-to-day business as president and chief operating officer .

Even in today 's supposedly high-tech world , General Motors and Ford remain bellwethers for the way people feel about the economy as a whole .
even in today 's supposedly high-tech world , general motors and ford [stay] bellwethers for the way people feel about the economy as a whole .

The success of the program will ride on the details , which remain unclear .
the success of the program will ride on the details , which [stay] unclear .

The fact that industries wax and wane is a reality of any economic system that wants to remain dynamic and responsive to people 's changing tastes .
the fact that industries wax and wane is a reality of any economic system that wants to [stay] dynamic and responsive to people 's changing tastes .

What 's interesting is how similar Lockheed 's tactics remain to those it deployed when it was running what was called `` the grease machine . ''
what 's interesting is how similar lockheed 's tactics [stay] to those it deployed when it was running what was called `` the grease machine . ''

I am no philosopher , and I remain unencumbered by legal training , but I still believe the whole idea is warped .
i am no philosopher , and i [stay] unencumbered by legal training , but i still believe the whole idea is warped .

Republicans could simply argue that no felon should be allowed to remain president .
republicans could simply argue that no felon should be allowed to [stay] president .

While some were reinstated , often at the orders of the National Labor Relations Board , 160 still remain out of work .
while some were reinstated , often at the orders of the national labor relations board , 160 still [stay] out of work .

You can understand viscerally why it 's hard for workers to vote for their own interests while their friends remain in limbo .
you can understand viscerally why it 's hard for workers to vote for their own interests while their friends [stay] in limbo .

Questions remain about whether food poisoning is such a big problem in the first place .
questions [stay] about whether food poisoning is such a big problem in the first place .

It seems odd that one blown deal could have changed everything , but TCI had billed itself as a growth company , which meant it had to keep getting bigger in order to remain valuable in the eyes of Wall Street .
it seems odd that one blown deal could have changed everything , but tci had billed itself as a growth company , which meant it had to keep getting bigger in order to [stay] valuable in the eyes of wall street .

Some pundits said John McCain needs to be more aggressive in differentiating himself from Bush ; others said McCain needs to remain subtle to avoid drawing fire for his temper .
some pundits said john mccain needs to be more aggressive in differentiating himself from bush ; others said mccain needs to [stay] subtle to avoid drawing fire for his temper .

Previous WTO rules will remain in effect since negotiators failed to agree on how to reduce trade barriers further .
previous wto rules will [stay] in effect since negotiators failed to agree on how to reduce trade barriers further .

The Irish News , a Roman Catholic paper based in Belfast , said in an editorial , `` It was , by any standards , a testing weekend for Unionists and nationalists , and many difficulties still lie ahead , but the political process and a better future remain on course . ''
the irish news , a roman catholic paper based in belfast , said in an editorial , `` it was , by any standards , a testing weekend for unionists and nationalists , and many difficulties still lie ahead , but the political process and a better future [stay] on course . ''

The eighth story on the page , behind `` Helping Hand to Families of Convicts '' and `` Campaign Against Drugs to Continue , '' is the only Kuwaiti story to make most American papers : `` Parliament Agrees To Discuss 'Urgent ' Replacement Bill , Women 's Decree Fails , 'Rights ' Remain Alive . ''
the eighth story on the page , behind `` helping hand to families of convicts '' and `` campaign against drugs to continue , '' is the only kuwaiti story to make most american papers : `` parliament agrees to discuss 'urgent ' replacement bill , women 's decree fails , 'rights ' [stay] alive . ''

There should be an international conference to regulate it '' ; `` Most of the 1,200,000 Palestinian refugees in our country will probably want to remain in Jordan . ''
there should be an international conference to regulate it '' ; `` most of the 1,200,000 palestinian refugees in our country will probably want to [stay] in jordan . ''

If you choose to remain silent , you 'll have to wait till after the election to collect your reward .
if you choose to [stay] silent , you 'll have to wait till after the election to collect your reward .

If you assume 100 employees instead of 10 , or wages of $ 6,000 and $ 10,000 instead of $ 60,000 and $ 100,000 , the conclusions to follow will remain unaffected . )
if you assume 100 employees instead of 10 , or wages of $ 6,000 and $ 10,000 instead of $ 60,000 and $ 100,000 , the conclusions to follow will [stay] unaffected . )

At election time , we are not urged to avoid the media so as to remain unbiased until we get to the voting booth .
at election time , we are not urged to avoid the media so as to [stay] unbiased until we get to the voting booth .

A more plausible explanation is that when jobs dry up , renters move out , so that only homeowners remain .
a more plausible explanation is that when jobs dry up , renters move out , so that only homeowners [stay] .

The world would remain strife-torn , he said , only now the main actors would be not ideological blocs or nation-states or superpowers , but distinct `` civilizations '' -- Western , Islamic , Confucian , Japanese , Slavic-Orthodox , Latin American , Hindu , and African .
the world would [stay] strife-torn , he said , only now the main actors would be not ideological blocs or nation-states or superpowers , but distinct `` civilizations '' -- western , islamic , confucian , japanese , slavic-orthodox , latin american , hindu , and african .

In this scenario , discrimination at Texaco is indeed costly to those black employees who are thereby excluded from their ideal jobs or forced to accept lower wages in order to remain in those jobs .
in this scenario , discrimination at texaco is indeed costly to those black employees who are thereby excluded from their ideal jobs or forced to accept lower wages in order to [stay] in those jobs .

If you save one starving child , you have done a wonderful thing , regardless of how many starving children remain .
if you save one starving child , you have done a wonderful thing , regardless of how many starving children [stay] .

How he did it and why he does n't get up from the table and walk away always remain unexplained .
how he did it and why he does n't get up from the table and walk away always [stay] unexplained .

If productivity were to remain stagnant , then the economy could grow only as fast as the size of the work force grew .
if productivity were to [stay] stagnant , then the economy could grow only as fast as the size of the work force grew .

Visit George Bush 's Web site , read his speeches and statements , and you will remain unenlightened as to his views .
visit george bush 's web site , read his speeches and statements , and you will [stay] unenlightened as to his views .

The state judge ordered González to remain in the United States until a hearing in March .
the state judge ordered gonzález to [stay] in the united states until a hearing in march .

González 's Cuban-American relatives had argued that he should remain in the United States after he was rescued from a shipwreck in which his mother died .
gonzález 's cuban-american relatives had argued that he should [stay] in the united states after he was rescued from a shipwreck in which his mother died .

A federal judge said his release could compromise global security because seven of the tapes onto which he had copied American nuclear secrets remain unaccounted for .
a federal judge said his release could compromise global security because seven of the tapes onto which he had copied american nuclear secrets [stay] unaccounted for .

Although the Communist Party will remain the biggest single bloc in the Duma , having won 24 percent of the vote , the success of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin 's Unity Party , which claimed 23 percent , took the ink .
although the communist party will [stay] the biggest single bloc in the duma , having won 24 percent of the vote , the success of prime minister vladimir putin 's unity party , which claimed 23 percent , took the ink .

More than a quarter of Macau 's workforce is employed by the casino and gambling industries , and while gambling is illegal on the mainland , China 's promise to maintain the capitalist system in the territory for the next 50 years means that gambling will most likely remain the mainstay of Macau 's economy .
more than a quarter of macau 's workforce is employed by the casino and gambling industries , and while gambling is illegal on the mainland , china 's promise to maintain the capitalist system in the territory for the next 50 years means that gambling will most likely [stay] the mainstay of macau 's economy .

Its $ 363 million profit for Fiscal 1999 , $ 163 more than expected , means that rates will remain unchanged until 2001 .
its $ 363 million profit for fiscal 1999 , $ 163 more than expected , means that rates will [stay] unchanged until 2001 .

Finally , depsite what you might expect for a state that 's home to the entertainment industry , DIANETX , LIAR , and ANORXIC remain unclaimed .
finally , depsite what you might expect for a state that 's home to the entertainment industry , dianetx , liar , and anorxic [stay] unclaimed .

In an editorial urging the allies to remain wary , it said NATO should not suspend its air campaign until Serbia `` is in compliance with all its commitments '' and warned that Russia 's involvement in the international peacekeeping force was `` a potential bear trap . ''
in an editorial urging the allies to [stay] wary , it said nato should not suspend its air campaign until serbia `` is in compliance with all its commitments '' and warned that russia 's involvement in the international peacekeeping force was `` a potential bear trap . ''

Who can doubt that NATO 's original mission as a defensive alliance would remain strong even if Milosevic managed to prevail in Kosovo ?
who can doubt that nato 's original mission as a defensive alliance would [stay] strong even if milosevic managed to prevail in kosovo ?

Glassman and Hassett ( henceforth , `` Glassman '' ) remain unbowed .
glassman and hassett ( henceforth , `` glassman '' ) [stay] unbowed .

The rest of the left may have turned hawk on Kosovo , but a few die-hard doves remain .
the rest of the left may have turned hawk on kosovo , but a few die-hard doves [stay] .

With China 's acquisition of the latest American technology , the assumption that the United States will remain the world 's only superpower `` can no longer be so easily held , '' it said .
with china 's acquisition of the latest american technology , the assumption that the united states will [stay] the world 's only superpower `` can no longer be so easily held , '' it said .

Gore has become a kind of voodoo doll for Clinton : When the president is in trouble , his approval ratings remain high , but Gore 's numbers sag .
gore has become a kind of voodoo doll for clinton : when the president is in trouble , his approval ratings [stay] high , but gore 's numbers sag .

After the Incas were ritually sacrificed , their corpses quickly froze in the cold weather , leaving them so well preserved that their internal organs remain intact and the hair on their arms is still visible .
after the incas were ritually sacrificed , their corpses quickly froze in the cold weather , leaving them so well preserved that their internal organs [stay] intact and the hair on their arms is still visible .

As with Faulkner , the boundaries of Ellison 's separate texts may blur , but the mythic force of the buried story and the stylistic virtuosity of its telling will remain .
as with faulkner , the boundaries of ellison 's separate texts may blur , but the mythic force of the buried story and the stylistic virtuosity of its telling will [stay] .

Figgis ' camera is probing and alive , so that even when his meanings are laughable , his images remain allusive and mysterious .
figgis ' camera is probing and alive , so that even when his meanings are laughable , his images [stay] allusive and mysterious .

Martin Eberhard , the CEO of NuvoMedia , thinks booksellers will remain part of the process .
martin eberhard , the ceo of nuvomedia , thinks booksellers will [stay] part of the process .

While cops stood idly by , mobs trashed the buildings listed above , but they spared the Levi 's outlet across the street from the American Center , and rentals of that marvelous Nora Ephron movie remain high , notes Steven Erlanger in the New York Times , so some good has come from these tragic events .
while cops stood idly by , mobs trashed the buildings listed above , but they spared the levi 's outlet across the street from the american center , and rentals of that marvelous nora ephron movie [stay] high , notes steven erlanger in the new york times , so some good has come from these tragic events .

There is a curious symmetry between David Plotz and those government officials who would like to see my husband , Jonathan Pollard , remain in prison forever .
there is a curious symmetry between david plotz and those government officials who would like to see my husband , jonathan pollard , [stay] in prison forever .

Potentially thrilling stuff , but Neeson and McGregor remain peculiarly unruffled .
potentially thrilling stuff , but neeson and mcgregor [stay] peculiarly unruffled .

Long ago , I concluded that both these mysteries must remain forever unfathomable .
long ago , i concluded that both these mysteries must [stay] forever unfathomable .

The game ended , but the spins remain engraved in our consciousness .
the game ended , but the spins [stay] engraved in our consciousness .

Germany and Britain want to replace Santer as soon as possible , while seven other countries would prefer him to remain as a `` caretaker '' until Dec. 31 , 1999 -- the end of his term .
germany and britain want to replace santer as soon as possible , while seven other countries would prefer him to [stay] as a `` caretaker '' until dec. 31 , 1999 -- the end of his term .

On the first question , the polls remain squarely on their side .
on the first question , the polls [stay] squarely on their side .

If Japan can somehow persuade its consumers and business investors to start spending again , there is room for several years of rapid growth -- even if the `` structural '' problems remain unsolved .
if japan can somehow persuade its consumers and business investors to start spending again , there is room for several years of rapid growth -- even if the `` structural '' problems [stay] unsolved .

That the target inflation rate is too low , so that even if everyone believed that target would be achieved , the Japanese economy would remain seriously depressed .
that the target inflation rate is too low , so that even if everyone believed that target would be achieved , the japanese economy would [stay] seriously depressed .

President Clinton 's job approval ratings remain near record levels .
president clinton 's job approval ratings [stay] near record levels .

Corey 's goal was to remain a virgin and save sex for marriage .
corey 's goal was to [stay] a virgin and save sex for marriage .

That is simply untrue -- there are many ways that software can remain free but still allow the authors to get paid ( just look at RedHat or Netscape ) .
that is simply untrue -- there are many ways that software can [stay] free but still allow the authors to get paid ( just look at redhat or netscape ) .

Prudie believes the Tiffany Manners people would be pleased to update their book to keep up with developments ... however , Prudie suspects that impeachable offenses would be applicable to so few teens that the lap etiquette will remain unchanged .
prudie believes the tiffany manners people would be pleased to update their book to keep up with developments ... however , prudie suspects that impeachable offenses would be applicable to so few teens that the lap etiquette will [stay] unchanged .

If you want to remain really unknown , your bank can issue a draft , akin to a cashier 's check , or you can arrange a money order .
if you want to [stay] really unknown , your bank can issue a draft , akin to a cashier 's check , or you can arrange a money order .

I will remain a virgin until then .
i will [stay] a virgin until then .

With people like the artiste Raoul , remain generous -- as with the bartender -- because some consequences of withholding tips are more noticeable than others .
with people like the artiste raoul , [stay] generous -- as with the bartender -- because some consequences of withholding tips are more noticeable than others .

I also take pains so that the people I date remain clueless about others I may be dating .
i also take pains so that the people i date [stay] clueless about others i may be dating .

U.N. resolutions require that sanctions remain in place until Iraq destroys its capacity for creating chemical , biological , and nuclear weapons .
u.n. resolutions require that sanctions [stay] in place until iraq destroys its capacity for creating chemical , biological , and nuclear weapons .

Few distinctions remain between the application of hard and soft money .
few distinctions [stay] between the application of hard and soft money .

Most members of the former nation remain loyal to Wallace Deen 's organization .
most members of the former nation [stay] loyal to wallace deen 's organization .

The complete autopsy report remains sealed , and the results of DNA tests performed on JonBenet 's bloodstained nightgown , her hair , and the blood found underneath her fingernails also remain confidential .
the complete autopsy report remains sealed , and the results of dna tests performed on jonbenet 's bloodstained nightgown , her hair , and the blood found underneath her fingernails also [stay] confidential .

As a practical matter , though , the main reason schools remain heavily segregated is that residential housing patterns are segregated .
as a practical matter , though , the main reason schools [stay] heavily segregated is that residential housing patterns are segregated .

Inconsistencies remain unresolved , however .
inconsistencies [stay] unresolved , however .

Only 2 percent of skips remain at large .
only 2 percent of skips [stay] at large .

U.S. laws governing exhumation remain vague and disparate , varying from state to state .
u.s. laws governing exhumation [stay] vague and disparate , varying from state to state .

Many questions -- what if family members disagree on exhumation , and what if the dead person has no relatives ? -- remain to be hashed out in the courts .
many questions -- what if family members disagree on exhumation , and what if the dead person has no relatives ? -- [stay] to be hashed out in the courts .

Issues can -- indeed , must -- remain unsettled indefinitely .
issues can -- indeed , must -- [stay] unsettled indefinitely .

McConnell heads the National Republican Senatorial Committee , and thinks Republicans can remain in control of the Senate for the next 20 years if they can defeat McCain-Feingold .
mcconnell heads the national republican senatorial committee , and thinks republicans can [stay] in control of the senate for the next 20 years if they can defeat mccain-feingold .

If senators take the position that they will not accept presidential nominees who share the president 's views on important issues , many jobs will remain perpetually unfilled .
if senators take the position that they will not accept presidential nominees who share the president 's views on important issues , many jobs will [stay] perpetually unfilled .

Still , questions remain .
still , questions [stay] .

I could pass off all that malicious innuendo as fact , and still remain within the boundaries Safire sets for himself in his twice-weekly `` Essay '' column in the New York Times .
i could pass off all that malicious innuendo as fact , and still [stay] within the boundaries safire sets for himself in his twice-weekly `` essay '' column in the new york times .

In the House , defenders and plotters of last July 's attempted coup remain in a state of high paranoid alert .
in the house , defenders and plotters of last july 's attempted coup [stay] in a state of high paranoid alert .

At bottom , the big liberal think tanks remain temperamentally different from the likes of Heritage .
at bottom , the big liberal think tanks [stay] temperamentally different from the likes of heritage .

With my own prosperity possibly at stake , would I urge my employer to remain aloof from the Beltway bazaar ?
with my own prosperity possibly at stake , would i urge my employer to [stay] aloof from the beltway bazaar ?

The conventional wisdom is that if the FBI finds Clinton 's sperm on a dress Lewinsky has turned over to prosecutors , Clinton will admit to the affair , issue a `` mea culpa `` by Aug. 17 , and remain in office , but as a diminished president .
the conventional wisdom is that if the fbi finds clinton 's sperm on a dress lewinsky has turned over to prosecutors , clinton will admit to the affair , issue a `` mea culpa `` by aug. 17 , and [stay] in office , but as a diminished president .

Analysts have identified four schools of thought , in ascending order of laxity : 1 ) The Marine Corps , which is resisting the loosening of standards because , in the words of a spokesman , `` If you ca n't trust the Marine next to you to remain faithful , how can you trust him on the battlefield ? ''
analysts have identified four schools of thought , in ascending order of laxity : 1 ) the marine corps , which is resisting the loosening of standards because , in the words of a spokesman , `` if you ca n't trust the marine next to you to [stay] faithful , how can you trust him on the battlefield ? ''

Given some of the tendencies of Scripture translation in recent decades , it would hardly be surprising to see Matthew 26:33-35 -- the passage in which Peter promises to remain a loyal disciple scant hours before turning disloyal -- rewritten and embellished to render the response from Jesus as follows : `` Truly you make all the right noises .
given some of the tendencies of scripture translation in recent decades , it would hardly be surprising to see matthew 26:33-35 -- the passage in which peter promises to [stay] a loyal disciple scant hours before turning disloyal -- rewritten and embellished to render the response from jesus as follows : `` truly you make all the right noises .

Since the Protestant majority in Northern Ireland wants to remain a part of Great Britain , and since Ireland itself has shown little interest in reunification , the IRA 's prospects for success through political channels have always been limited .
since the protestant majority in northern ireland wants to [stay] a part of great britain , and since ireland itself has shown little interest in reunification , the ira 's prospects for success through political channels have always been limited .

To recap the events of the present era , then -- briefly : On Dec. 18 , 1996 , the Oakland Unified School District unanimously endorsed a resolution whose ulterior intentions remain unclear , but which , at the very least , declares that the `` primary language '' spoken by many of its 28,000 black students is not English .
to recap the events of the present era , then -- briefly : on dec. 18 , 1996 , the oakland unified school district unanimously endorsed a resolution whose ulterior intentions [stay] unclear , but which , at the very least , declares that the `` primary language '' spoken by many of its 28,000 black students is not english .

Gibbon 's source apparatus and sotto voce commentary in Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire remain more accessible and entertaining to ordinary readers .
gibbon 's source apparatus and sotto voce commentary in decline and fall of the roman empire [stay] more accessible and entertaining to ordinary readers .

People uninterested in language issues are content to remain uninterested in grammar .
people uninterested in language issues are content to [stay] uninterested in grammar .

Many issues will simply remain up in the air for years to come , no matter what anyone says .
many issues will simply [stay] up in the air for years to come , no matter what anyone says .

If you remain a pure blonde at 17 these days , you have to dye your hair coppery red or pitch-black or give up all hope of chic .
if you [stay] a pure blonde at 17 these days , you have to dye your hair coppery red or pitch-black or give up all hope of chic .

It 's the Washington Post that explains that the public health aspects of the state agreement would still remain in force .
it 's the washington post that explains that the public health aspects of the state agreement would still [stay] in force .

Moreover , since Chatterbox has already concluded that Clinton , being morally unfit to remain in office , should resign , he does n't really know how his political world view would change -- beyond , of course , concluding that Clinton was an even bigger creep than he thought -- in the unlikely event Chatterbox could verify Broaddrick 's story .
moreover , since chatterbox has already concluded that clinton , being morally unfit to [stay] in office , should resign , he does n't really know how his political world view would change -- beyond , of course , concluding that clinton was an even bigger creep than he thought -- in the unlikely event chatterbox could verify broaddrick 's story .

Today , it 's Steve Martin with a piece about how the Mars probe discovers kittens there that are just like earth kittens except that they remain kittens forever and can parse sentences in the newspaper .
today , it 's steve martin with a piece about how the mars probe discovers kittens there that are just like earth kittens except that they [stay] kittens forever and can parse sentences in the newspaper .

The paper says relations remain tense at union headquarters despite the accord .
the paper says relations [stay] tense at union headquarters despite the accord .

The Washington Post leads with the report that in a speech yesterday , President Clinton held open the possibility that he will order U.S. troops to remain in Bosnia in some peacekeeping capacity even after the current NATO mission of which they are a part is terminated next year .
the washington post leads with the report that in a speech yesterday , president clinton held open the possibility that he will order u.s. troops to [stay] in bosnia in some peacekeeping capacity even after the current nato mission of which they are a part is terminated next year .

Some exceptions would remain , such as military barracks and `` undercover , military or diplomatic situations that are essential to accomplish agency missions . ''
some exceptions would [stay] , such as military barracks and `` undercover , military or diplomatic situations that are essential to accomplish agency missions . ''

The story notes that some types of accidents that used to plague airlines just ten years ago , such as wind shear and midair collisions , have become much less common , but accident rates for approach and landing remain high .
the story notes that some types of accidents that used to plague airlines just ten years ago , such as wind shear and midair collisions , have become much less common , but accident rates for approach and landing [stay] high .

At the Washington Post it 's that many top jobs in the Clinton administration remain unfilled .
at the washington post it 's that many top jobs in the clinton administration [stay] unfilled .

In general , the Hong Kong reporting focuses on two themes : the pageantry of the handover ceremonies and the open political questions that remain .
in general , the hong kong reporting focuses on two themes : the pageantry of the handover ceremonies and the open political questions that [stay] .

It is simply an attempt to identify the ways that whites remain blind to , and blinded by , an unspoken faith in race -- and to expose the means by which white skin and `` white attitudes '' still confer social advantage .
it is simply an attempt to identify the ways that whites [stay] blind to , and blinded by , an unspoken faith in race -- and to expose the means by which white skin and `` white attitudes '' still confer social advantage .

In any case , most of these friends remain in the software business .
in any case , most of these friends [stay] in the software business .

Drug-awareness programs teach kids that it is addictive and will lead them down the path to heroin and cocaine dependencies , while many parents who inhaled regularly throughout their college years remain uncomfortably silent .
drug-awareness programs teach kids that it is addictive and will lead them down the path to heroin and cocaine dependencies , while many parents who inhaled regularly throughout their college years [stay] uncomfortably silent .

Rob Kampia of the Marijuana Policy Project , a pro-reform group in Washington , says the legislative focus will remain on medical marijuana .
rob kampia of the marijuana policy project , a pro-reform group in washington , says the legislative focus will [stay] on medical marijuana .

On any given day in America , there are three convicted adult criminals out on probation or parole for every one in prison -- and many of these are indistinguishable ( in terms of their violent and repeat criminal histories ) from those who remain in prison .
on any given day in america , there are three convicted adult criminals out on probation or parole for every one in prison -- and many of these are indistinguishable ( in terms of their violent and repeat criminal histories ) from those who [stay] in prison .

One is the state 's Enforcement Court , which goes after people who remain on probation because they failed to pay fines and restitution , collects the money , restores the trust of crime victims , and brings literally millions of dollars into state coffers that can be used to beef up other justice programs .
one is the state 's enforcement court , which goes after people who [stay] on probation because they failed to pay fines and restitution , collects the money , restores the trust of crime victims , and brings literally millions of dollars into state coffers that can be used to beef up other justice programs .

The flip side is that parolees who want to go straight often can make it if they are literate , civil , and can stay off drugs , remain sober , and get a job .
the flip side is that parolees who want to go straight often can make it if they are literate , civil , and can stay off drugs , [stay] sober , and get a job .

The gift was from a donor who wished to remain anonymous , said Sister Bernadine Gutowski , spiritual leader of the Hospital Sisters of the Third Order of St. Francis in the United States .
the gift was from a donor who wished to [stay] anonymous , said sister bernadine gutowski , spiritual leader of the hospital sisters of the third order of st. francis in the united states .

His indictment could remain under secret seal , and a trial would almost certainly be postponed until his term expires in 2001 .
his indictment could [stay] under secret seal , and a trial would almost certainly be postponed until his term expires in 2001 .

These polls suggest a clear majority of Americans want Clinton to remain in office -- but USAT 's finds that 50 percent would favor impeachment if it could be proved that Clinton lied to the grand jury .
these polls suggest a clear majority of americans want clinton to [stay] in office -- but usat 's finds that 50 percent would favor impeachment if it could be proved that clinton lied to the grand jury .

The Times also observes that un-related obstacles to bringing in additional Senate votes remain , including whether and/or how much the bill should fund tobacco price supports or programs for converting tobacco-based communities to other enterprises .
the times also observes that un-related obstacles to bringing in additional senate votes [stay] , including whether and/or how much the bill should fund tobacco price supports or programs for converting tobacco-based communities to other enterprises .

The NYT reports that the British press blasted Clinton for his lying and cheating , while French papers expressed their country 's predominant view on the matter -- Clinton 's affair should remain private .
the nyt reports that the british press blasted clinton for his lying and cheating , while french papers expressed their country 's predominant view on the matter -- clinton 's affair should [stay] private .

The Congoese take an understandably dim view of this move -- very few foreigners remain in Congo .
the congoese take an understandably dim view of this move -- very few foreigners [stay] in congo .

Their battle may be tough , however , since privacy regulations on the Internet remain notoriously nebulous .
their battle may be tough , however , since privacy regulations on the internet [stay] notoriously nebulous .

It was not to be -- within hours , the dictator 's defense chief was sworn in as the new leader , and for the moment anyhow , the democrats and other political prisoners remain behind bars and in some cases , under death sentences .
it was not to be -- within hours , the dictator 's defense chief was sworn in as the new leader , and for the moment anyhow , the democrats and other political prisoners [stay] behind bars and in some cases , under death sentences .

Think about it -- if the American soldiers were in Laos in 1970 , they were part of Nixon 's `` secret war , '' which had a chance to remain secret only if ... they did n't come back from it .
think about it -- if the american soldiers were in laos in 1970 , they were part of nixon 's `` secret war , '' which had a chance to [stay] secret only if ... they did n't come back from it .

Two exceptions that remain on the rise are `` tech '' and `` power . ''
two exceptions that [stay] on the rise are `` tech '' and `` power . ''

It means partial birth abortions remain legal .
it means partial birth abortions [stay] legal .

The Clinton Administration has vowed to appeal the decision , and the current FDA regulations will remain in effect until the appeal is resolved .
the clinton administration has vowed to appeal the decision , and the current fda regulations will [stay] in effect until the appeal is resolved .

Says the Journal , Starr will conclude therefore that Congress has no choice but to debate Clinton 's fitness to remain in office .
says the journal , starr will conclude therefore that congress has no choice but to debate clinton 's fitness to [stay] in office .

The papers note that compared to 1987 , the markets , although for the moment pessimistic , appeared to remain orderly .
the papers note that compared to 1987 , the markets , although for the moment pessimistic , appeared to [stay] orderly .

The Washington Post goes with Big Tobacco 's negotiations with numerous states in an attempt to settle their claims , which remain in the wake of Congress ' failure to pass comprehensive tobacco legislation .
the washington post goes with big tobacco 's negotiations with numerous states in an attempt to settle their claims , which [stay] in the wake of congress ' failure to pass comprehensive tobacco legislation .

USAT and the LAT go with President Clinton 's comments Wednesday at his first post-Report press conference that he still has the moral authority required to remain in office .
usat and the lat go with president clinton 's comments wednesday at his first post-report press conference that he still has the moral authority required to [stay] in office .

In an attempt to reverse this trend , a Southern friend of mine offers the alternate when the grits hit the pan , but this usage seems destined to remain a regionalism at best , the kind of Southernism collected by John H. Felts in Bumps , Grinds , and Other Lewd ( 1389 ) Gestures [ XVI,3 ] .
in an attempt to reverse this trend , a southern friend of mine offers the alternate when the grits hit the pan , but this usage seems destined to [stay] a regionalism at best , the kind of southernism collected by john h. felts in bumps , grinds , and other lewd ( 1389 ) gestures [ xvi,3 ] .

How long it will remain a standard Japanese practice and an international fad is anybody 's guess .
how long it will [stay] a standard japanese practice and an international fad is anybody 's guess .

In the 1940s a certain man-of-the-people councillor in an Eastern Caribbean island ( now independent ; it shall remain nameless ) could not bear the thought of any kind of expenditure by the local council , apart from that on roads and water-supply , the two services that he had faithfully promised his constituents .
in the 1940s a certain man-of-the-people councillor in an eastern caribbean island ( now independent ; it shall [stay] nameless ) could not bear the thought of any kind of expenditure by the local council , apart from that on roads and water-supply , the two services that he had faithfully promised his constituents .

Languages built to architects ' specifications are artificial and largely remain unspoken .
languages built to architects ' specifications are artificial and largely [stay] unspoken .

Soon thereafter , Hall found himself a castaway at the mouth of the Ganges , and he chose to remain , first in Calcutta , where he became a journalist and teacher .
soon thereafter , hall found himself a castaway at the mouth of the ganges , and he chose to [stay] , first in calcutta , where he became a journalist and teacher .

While he was in the United States , William Dwight Whitney , America 's preeminent orientalist , did all that he could to persuade Hall to remain at home , but he could not prevail .
while he was in the united states , william dwight whitney , america 's preeminent orientalist , did all that he could to persuade hall to [stay] at home , but he could not prevail .

The Viking invasion of the eighth and ninth centuries gave a strong practical bias to the earlier existing Celtic culture , and many Norse words remain in the dialect .
the viking invasion of the eighth and ninth centuries gave a strong practical bias to the earlier existing celtic culture , and many norse words [stay] in the dialect .

The life of a periodical is quite unpredictable ; periodicals change or remain the same , but people are more likely to change than remain the same , with the consequent disappearance of venerable publications like Punch , for example .
the life of a periodical is quite unpredictable ; periodicals change or [stay] the same , but people are more likely to change than [stay] the same , with the consequent disappearance of venerable publications like punch , for example .

The hearings have come and gone , but the repercussions will remain for some time .
the hearings have come and gone , but the repercussions will [stay] for some time .

Men are free to pass on their names as much as they like , but some do not marry while others marry and remain childless .
men are free to pass on their names as much as they like , but some do not marry while others marry and [stay] childless .

The semantic of these former Crown Colonies is individual and anarchic , bearing in mind that academically , if no longer psychologically , they remain anglophone .
the semantic of these former crown colonies is individual and anarchic , bearing in mind that academically , if no longer psychologically , they [stay] anglophone .

Both their lives must be snuffed out immediately , or the usurper will remain paralyzed , kept pale , by that unearthly promise .
both their lives must be snuffed out immediately , or the usurper will [stay] paralyzed , kept pale , by that unearthly promise .

If Mr. Dickson wished to remain thoroughly American , he could still find interesting names on his doorstep .
if mr. dickson wished to [stay] thoroughly american , he could still find interesting names on his doorstep .

There is another aspect to the entire subject , invariably ignored by linguists and linguistic scientists because they remain unable to measure or quantify it , namely , style .
there is another aspect to the entire subject , invariably ignored by linguists and linguistic scientists because they [stay] unable to measure or quantify it , namely , style .

Most neologisms remain in their literary greenhouses , to be enjoyed only by visitors .
most neologisms [stay] in their literary greenhouses , to be enjoyed only by visitors .

J. J. Doe is generally a person who likes to remain in the background , a shy one—like J .
j. j. doe is generally a person who likes to [stay] in the background , a shy one—like j .

Although a complete linguistic description will have to wait until the dust settles—if it does at all , given the volatility of the technology and the ever-increasing number of the participants-certain features , destined to remain , are already apparent .
although a complete linguistic description will have to wait until the dust settles—if it does at all , given the volatility of the technology and the ever-increasing number of the participants-certain features , destined to [stay] , are already apparent .

In Santa Fe , where the Hispanic heritage and population remain considerable , the new pseudo-Spanish names are more apt to be correct than in , say , California or Tucson .
in santa fe , where the hispanic heritage and population [stay] considerable , the new pseudo-spanish names are more apt to be correct than in , say , california or tucson .

While neither editor deserves high fives for lucid exposition , the message is that different targets were being aimed at , and , unless one wishes to have both books , the choice between them may be thought to remain an open one .
while neither editor deserves high fives for lucid exposition , the message is that different targets were being aimed at , and , unless one wishes to have both books , the choice between them may be thought to [stay] an open one .

While the garrulous gabble continues everywhere , constant and unabated , writing still eludes half the world 's population for whom marks on any medium remain inscrutable , impenetrable , indecipherable cryptography .
while the garrulous gabble continues everywhere , constant and unabated , writing still eludes half the world 's population for whom marks on any medium [stay] inscrutable , impenetrable , indecipherable cryptography .

There are several customary formulae applied to words whose histories remain unclear .
there are several customary formulae applied to words whose histories [stay] unclear .

The fact remains that some hundreds of words that have entries in a standard dictionary remain etymological mysteries .
the fact remains that some hundreds of words that have entries in a standard dictionary [stay] etymological mysteries .

As a writer in the Sydney Truth observed in 1912 , “ I think respectable people may go surf-bathing and still remain respectable , but people who are n't moral and respectable do not become so by shooting the breakers and airing their figures on the beach. ” In the terms of a dialogue reported in the same journal .
as a writer in the sydney truth observed in 1912 , “ i think respectable people may go surf-bathing and still [stay] respectable , but people who are n't moral and respectable do not become so by shooting the breakers and airing their figures on the beach. ” in the terms of a dialogue reported in the same journal .

The choice of entry is eclectic : Kotex is in , but not Tampax ( no pun ) ; many common names whose pronunciations are unlikely to be in doubt are in also : Kennedy , Johnson ( though the Swedish author ought to remain ) , John ( with a French pronunciation shown ) , John Bull , John Doe ( but not Richard Roe ) , Heston , Hicks , etc .
the choice of entry is eclectic : kotex is in , but not tampax ( no pun ) ; many common names whose pronunciations are unlikely to be in doubt are in also : kennedy , johnson ( though the swedish author ought to [stay] ) , john ( with a french pronunciation shown ) , john bull , john doe ( but not richard roe ) , heston , hicks , etc .

I remain addicted to my Miami vice , although torn by the knowledge that all over the country are innocent children , naive relatives , and perplexed winter visitors , all telling their friends and families about the wildlife I showed them in Florida .
i [stay] addicted to my miami vice , although torn by the knowledge that all over the country are innocent children , naive relatives , and perplexed winter visitors , all telling their friends and families about the wildlife i showed them in florida .

There were many German-speaking Americans in Pennsylvania and other states ; Dutch settlers in New York and elsewhere could learn to use German easily ; German would be easy for other colonials to learn , since it was basically similar to English ; the Hessians , German troop levies “ rented ” by the British , were deserting to the Americans and many wished to remain in America .
there were many german-speaking americans in pennsylvania and other states ; dutch settlers in new york and elsewhere could learn to use german easily ; german would be easy for other colonials to learn , since it was basically similar to english ; the hessians , german troop levies “ rented ” by the british , were deserting to the americans and many wished to [stay] in america .

For the benefit of the uninitiated let me say that lawyers , deluded or not , overwhelmingly believe that with the exception of constitutions and of statutes enacted by legislatures ( and rules under them ) , precedent is what the law is made of in the United States ; that the law existed before written language in the tradition of “ customs that runneth not to the contrary ’ and continues to thrive in the printed decisions ; that the statutes themselves remain unsettled until rounded out by precedent ; that precedents may become so venerable as to become platitudes but may also be as fresh as the undried ink on today 's appellate court decision ; and that when a lawyer searches for as recent a decision as he can find , in a jurisdiction as near as possible , on facts as close to his client 's case as possible , never overruled or modified , and pronouncing the law as clearly as possible , he is doing what he should be doing and might well be guilty of malpractice for failing to do so .
for the benefit of the uninitiated let me say that lawyers , deluded or not , overwhelmingly believe that with the exception of constitutions and of statutes enacted by legislatures ( and rules under them ) , precedent is what the law is made of in the united states ; that the law existed before written language in the tradition of “ customs that runneth not to the contrary ’ and continues to thrive in the printed decisions ; that the statutes themselves [stay] unsettled until rounded out by precedent ; that precedents may become so venerable as to become platitudes but may also be as fresh as the undried ink on today 's appellate court decision ; and that when a lawyer searches for as recent a decision as he can find , in a jurisdiction as near as possible , on facts as close to his client 's case as possible , never overruled or modified , and pronouncing the law as clearly as possible , he is doing what he should be doing and might well be guilty of malpractice for failing to do so .

If legal language were to be stripped of ordinary English , repetition , tradition , precedent , and requirement , there would still remain , Professor Mellinkoff begrudgingly concedes , “ a nubbin of precision ’ from its terms of art .
if legal language were to be stripped of ordinary english , repetition , tradition , precedent , and requirement , there would still [stay] , professor mellinkoff begrudgingly concedes , “ a nubbin of precision ’ from its terms of art .

Already , it is becoming very difficult to deny -- all available evidence points to it -- that the day is surely coming , withal , when there will remain , truly , no mere coincidences about which one can not avoid a suspicion or shake off a conviction , when clearly everything will incontrovertibly support a thesis or conversely stand in direct contrast to it , and , overriding all this , there will as a result be not the slightest doubt in our minds about one inescapable conclusion , namely the dawning realization that , there being nothing more to say on the subject , as it were , we therefore will no longer hesitate but rather will necessarily feel compelled to state the obvious .
already , it is becoming very difficult to deny -- all available evidence points to it -- that the day is surely coming , withal , when there will [stay] , truly , no mere coincidences about which one can not avoid a suspicion or shake off a conviction , when clearly everything will incontrovertibly support a thesis or conversely stand in direct contrast to it , and , overriding all this , there will as a result be not the slightest doubt in our minds about one inescapable conclusion , namely the dawning realization that , there being nothing more to say on the subject , as it were , we therefore will no longer hesitate but rather will necessarily feel compelled to state the obvious .

In the right hands , it can be disarming ( “ The speculation has no foundation ” ) , profound ( “ Death leaves a gap in the social structure ” ) , echolatic ( “ Exit access is that part of a means of egress that leads to an entrance to an exit ” ) , hortatory ( “ If we do nothing to change this country , we shall remain frozen in the status quo ” ) .
in the right hands , it can be disarming ( “ the speculation has no foundation ” ) , profound ( “ death leaves a gap in the social structure ” ) , echolatic ( “ exit access is that part of a means of egress that leads to an entrance to an exit ” ) , hortatory ( “ if we do nothing to change this country , we shall [stay] frozen in the status quo ” ) .

What saved me from falling into that trap was the sudden recognition that he would never be so presumptuous as to write an article exposing the inadequacies of his peers ' researches while at the same time allowing half a dozen comparable lapses of his own to remain unheeded and unweeded in the exposé itself .
what saved me from falling into that trap was the sudden recognition that he would never be so presumptuous as to write an article exposing the inadequacies of his peers ' researches while at the same time allowing half a dozen comparable lapses of his own to [stay] unheeded and unweeded in the exposé itself .

In short , if hers was to remain the clowning achievement , it was time for me to shred my list—and not a moment to swoon .
in short , if hers was to [stay] the clowning achievement , it was time for me to shred my list—and not a moment to swoon .

The monumental Oxford English Dictionary [ OED ] , now in its second edition and filling 20 vast volumes , contains many extremely quaint definitions that were written a hundred years ago or more and remain unrevised :
the monumental oxford english dictionary [ oed ] , now in its second edition and filling 20 vast volumes , contains many extremely quaint definitions that were written a hundred years ago or more and [stay] unrevised :

Boggy Hole Road it will probably remain , even though the name is proving expensive to maintain owing to the frequency with which its ( one ) identifying sign is filched by onomophilic souvenir hunters .
boggy hole road it will probably [stay] , even though the name is proving expensive to maintain owing to the frequency with which its ( one ) identifying sign is filched by onomophilic souvenir hunters .

The pilot had misconstrued the phrase level at 6,000 imperatively , as an instruction for himself , meaning [ Descend to and remain ] level at 6,000 , rather than understanding it declaratively , as it had been intended , as an assertion about his traffic , meaning [ The traffic is ] level at 6,000 .
the pilot had misconstrued the phrase level at 6,000 imperatively , as an instruction for himself , meaning [ descend to and [stay] ] level at 6,000 , rather than understanding it declaratively , as it had been intended , as an assertion about his traffic , meaning [ the traffic is ] level at 6,000 .

McDavid 's further description of the origins of the New York Academy of Sciences [ NYAS ] conference are a curate 's egg of fact : the facts remain as recorded ( I trust ) in the files of the NYAS , to wit : In the mid 1960s , as a member of the NYAS ( and , as far as I know , the only person associated with the conference who was a member before , during , and after it ) , I approached the Executive Director of the NYAS , Eunice Thomas Miner , suggesting a conference on lexicography in English .
mcdavid 's further description of the origins of the new york academy of sciences [ nyas ] conference are a curate 's egg of fact : the facts [stay] as recorded ( i trust ) in the files of the nyas , to wit : in the mid 1960s , as a member of the nyas ( and , as far as i know , the only person associated with the conference who was a member before , during , and after it ) , i approached the executive director of the nyas , eunice thomas miner , suggesting a conference on lexicography in english .

It was impossible not to remain humble in these circumstances .
it was impossible not to [stay] humble in these circumstances .

That is nonsense , of course ; but even if the users remain keenly aware that 1669 is the date only of the earliest written evidence , of what use or importance is that to them ?
that is nonsense , of course ; but even if the users [stay] keenly aware that 1669 is the date only of the earliest written evidence , of what use or importance is that to them ?

Many of the resulting forms remain current as nicknames ( or indeed as names in their own right ) , others are preserved only in patronymics , and still others have vanished entirely .
many of the resulting forms [stay] current as nicknames ( or indeed as names in their own right ) , others are preserved only in patronymics , and still others have vanished entirely .

Tories , my dear , are people who like to have a queen , and lords , and bishops , and more or less remain as they are -- whilst Radicals object to having a queen and a House of Lords , and are dissatisfied with everything and everybody , jealous of all who are better off than themselves , and are always trying to rob them of their property , and , in fact , they 're a pack of infernal rogues and scoundrels !
tories , my dear , are people who like to have a queen , and lords , and bishops , and more or less [stay] as they are -- whilst radicals object to having a queen and a house of lords , and are dissatisfied with everything and everybody , jealous of all who are better off than themselves , and are always trying to rob them of their property , and , in fact , they 're a pack of infernal rogues and scoundrels !

My friends -- those who remain -- rarely fail to thank me for this service .
my friends -- those who [stay] -- rarely fail to thank me for this service .

British writers ( among whom I number journalists , who , after all , probably write more English than most people ) sometimes go to great lengths to avoid using the subjunctive , resulting in writing that jars what poor sensibilities might remain to Americans :
british writers ( among whom i number journalists , who , after all , probably write more english than most people ) sometimes go to great lengths to avoid using the subjunctive , resulting in writing that jars what poor sensibilities might [stay] to americans :

