Now , the picture is clouded , and even US Sens. James O. Eastland and John C. Stennis , who remained loyal to the ticket , are uncertain of their status .
now , the picture is clouded , and even us sens. james o. eastland and john c. stennis , who [stayed] loyal to the ticket , are uncertain of their status .

He remained there for four years before moving to Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy , N. Y. .
he [stayed] there for four years before moving to rensselaer polytechnic institute in troy , n. y. .

Just how many sub secrets were being handed over when the ring , watched for six months , was broken remained untold .
just how many sub secrets were being handed over when the ring , watched for six months , was broken [stayed] untold .

Some 30 spectators remained in the court during the day and were on hand to hear the verdict read .
some 30 spectators [stayed] in the court during the day and were on hand to hear the verdict read .

Mrs. Pankowski , 61 , remained in Holy Cross Hospital as a result of the explosion , which occurred while Mrs. Kowalski fueled a cook stove in the grandmother's small upstairs flat at 2274 Eight Mile Road East .
mrs. pankowski , 61 , [stayed] in holy cross hospital as a result of the explosion , which occurred while mrs. kowalski fueled a cook stove in the grandmother's small upstairs flat at 2274 eight mile road east .

Fiedler was then technical director of Hitler's super-secret `` Reichenberg project '' , which remained unknown to the Allies until after the war .
fiedler was then technical director of hitler's super-secret `` reichenberg project '' , which [stayed] unknown to the allies until after the war .

Labor remained a commodity -- but presumably a privileged one granted immunization from the anti-trust laws .
labor [stayed] a commodity -- but presumably a privileged one granted immunization from the anti-trust laws .

Terror engulfed the thousands of Belgian civilians who had remained in the country .
terror engulfed the thousands of belgian civilians who had [stayed] in the country .

Another remained when an American Army car was recovered but with a broken glass .
another [stayed] when an american army car was recovered but with a broken glass .

When founded by Franklin the Gazette was a weekly family newspaper and under its new name its format remained that of a newspaper but its columns gradually contained more and more fiction , poetry , and literary essays .
when founded by franklin the gazette was a weekly family newspaper and under its new name its format [stayed] that of a newspaper but its columns gradually contained more and more fiction , poetry , and literary essays .

Then , to conclude on an indeterminate note : `` Nevertheless , if fallout increased substantially , or remained high for a long time , it would become far more important as a potential health hazard in this country and throughout the world '' .
then , to conclude on an indeterminate note : `` nevertheless , if fallout increased substantially , or [stayed] high for a long time , it would become far more important as a potential health hazard in this country and throughout the world '' .

But except for a vague adherence to the basic storyline -- i.e. , that Ruth remained with Naomi and finally wound up with Boaz -- the film version has little to do with the Bible .
but except for a vague adherence to the basic storyline -- i.e. , that ruth [stayed] with naomi and finally wound up with boaz -- the film version has little to do with the bible .

In France , it remained always more picturesque , more dancelike , more full of flavor .
in france , it [stayed] always more picturesque , more dancelike , more full of flavor .

Two other people in time shared Mijbil's love : `` it remained around us three that his orb revolved when he was not away in his own imponderable world of wave and water ; ;
two other people in time shared mijbil's love : `` it [stayed] around us three that his orb revolved when he was not away in his own imponderable world of wave and water ; ;

Some remained in the Wollman enclosure , fortified with raincoats or with newspapers to cover their heads .
some [stayed] in the wollman enclosure , fortified with raincoats or with newspapers to cover their heads .

Had it done so , the blot on its escutcheon would have remained indelible , nor could the Harvard Divinity School assemble today to honor Parker's insurgence other than by getting down on its collective knees and crying `` peccavi '' .
had it done so , the blot on its escutcheon would have [stayed] indelible , nor could the harvard divinity school assemble today to honor parker's insurgence other than by getting down on its collective knees and crying `` peccavi '' .

Although he later broke with the churches because he believed that they were insufficiently outspoken against social evils , he remained a devout Christian .
although he later broke with the churches because he believed that they were insufficiently outspoken against social evils , he [stayed] a devout christian .

Sherry remained in his hotel suite , where he amused himself as best he could .
sherry [stayed] in his hotel suite , where he amused himself as best he could .

Nevertheless , it remained one of the most splendid churches of the Eastern Empire , where the Byzantine Emperors were crowned .
nevertheless , it [stayed] one of the most splendid churches of the eastern empire , where the byzantine emperors were crowned .

His earlier love for literature and history remained with him for his entire life .
his earlier love for literature and history [stayed] with him for his entire life .

And you don't meet the folks from home in Northwest Spain which has remained almost untouched by time and tourists since the Middle Ages .
and you don't meet the folks from home in northwest spain which has [stayed] almost untouched by time and tourists since the middle ages .

The other half of the crew , plus Beckstrom and his men , had remained aboard .
the other half of the crew , plus beckstrom and his men , had [stayed] aboard .

As `` a matter of fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in any case , , and what is more , every one attempting such solution has found that in most cases there have remained a great many components of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the mantic or prophetic power of dreams '' .
as `` a matter of fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in any case , , and what is more , every one attempting such solution has found that in most cases there have [stayed] a great many components of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the mantic or prophetic power of dreams '' .

These questions have remained one of the great sea mysteries of all time .
these questions have [stayed] one of the great sea mysteries of all time .

But there remained one mysterious , unexplored gap , far to the north .
but there [stayed] one mysterious , unexplored gap , far to the north .

Hudson knew he had to use these men as long as he remained an explorer .
hudson knew he had to use these men as long as he [stayed] an explorer .

Thereafter seed and food became more plentiful and the colony remained in the north the year round .
thereafter seed and food became more plentiful and the colony [stayed] in the north the year round .

After heavy rains and an onslaught of mice , snow fell on October 15 , 1825 , and remained on the ground through a winter so cold that the ice on the Red was five feet thick .
after heavy rains and an onslaught of mice , snow fell on october 15 , 1825 , and [stayed] on the ground through a winter so cold that the ice on the red was five feet thick .

The resultant town , platted in 1847 and named for the patron of Father Galtier's mission , St. Paul , was to become an important center of the fur trade and was to take on a new interest for those Selkirkers who remained at Red River .
the resultant town , platted in 1847 and named for the patron of father galtier's mission , st. paul , was to become an important center of the fur trade and was to take on a new interest for those selkirkers who [stayed] at red river .

In its propagandistic and commercial haste to discover our folk heritage , the public has remained ignorant of definitions such as this .
in its propagandistic and commercial haste to discover our folk heritage , the public has [stayed] ignorant of definitions such as this .

Only in Europe have our lines remained firm -- and there only on the surface .
only in europe have our lines [stayed] firm -- and there only on the surface .

She remained in Atlanta through June and July ; ;
she [stayed] in atlanta through june and july ; ;

It remained in force for ten years and has been renewed at five-year intervals since 1925 .
it [stayed] in force for ten years and has been renewed at five-year intervals since 1925 .

Of the two , Porter is justly the better known , for he went far beyond the vital finding of fiction for films to take the first step toward fashioning a language of film , toward making the motion picture the intricate , efficient time machine that it has remained since , even in the most inept hands .
of the two , porter is justly the better known , for he went far beyond the vital finding of fiction for films to take the first step toward fashioning a language of film , toward making the motion picture the intricate , efficient time machine that it has [stayed] since , even in the most inept hands .

There still remained the need for one great film artist to explore the full potential of the new form and to make it an art .
there still [stayed] the need for one great film artist to explore the full potential of the new form and to make it an art .

For two years his friend and cousin , Boisbriant , remained as acting governor and could do little to stem the Anglican advance .
for two years his friend and cousin , boisbriant , [stayed] as acting governor and could do little to stem the anglican advance .

Rooney remained untouched .
rooney [stayed] untouched .

Fretting privately but eschewing public defense of his terrorized bureaucrats , Dulles remained serene and detached while the hatchet men had their way .
fretting privately but eschewing public defense of his terrorized bureaucrats , dulles [stayed] serene and detached while the hatchet men had their way .

She remained squatting on her heels all the time we were there ; ;
she [stayed] squatting on her heels all the time we were there ; ;

Two years later he became director of the Frankfurt Opera , where he remained until he lost this position in 1933 through the rise of the Hitler regime .
two years later he became director of the frankfurt opera , where he [stayed] until he lost this position in 1933 through the rise of the hitler regime .

Their President , Jefferson Davis , interpreted their Constitution to mean that it `` admits of no coerced association '' , but this remained so doubtful that `` there were frequent demands that the right to secede be put into the Constitution '' .
their president , jefferson davis , interpreted their constitution to mean that it `` admits of no coerced association '' , but this [stayed] so doubtful that `` there were frequent demands that the right to secede be put into the constitution '' .

But though the Southern States , when drafting a constitution to unite themselves , narrowed the difference to this fine point by omitting to assert the right to secede , the fact remained that by seceding from the Union they had already acted on the concept that it was composed primarily of sovereign states .
but though the southern states , when drafting a constitution to unite themselves , narrowed the difference to this fine point by omitting to assert the right to secede , the fact [stayed] that by seceding from the union they had already acted on the concept that it was composed primarily of sovereign states .

You , I could swear to it , remained innocent in this sense until the end .
you , i could swear to it , [stayed] innocent in this sense until the end .

By this time she had learned that it was futile to argue with her young husband , yet the uncomfortable fact remained : the American Congregationalists were sending them as missionaries to the Far East and paying their salaries .
by this time she had learned that it was futile to argue with her young husband , yet the uncomfortable fact [stayed] : the american congregationalists were sending them as missionaries to the far east and paying their salaries .

When the troupe traveled to New York to participate in a one-act-play competition -- and won -- Mercer , instead of returning with the rest of the company in triumph , remained in New York .
when the troupe traveled to new york to participate in a one-act-play competition -- and won -- mercer , instead of returning with the rest of the company in triumph , [stayed] in new york .

Rob Roy remained boss of all the dogs .
rob roy [stayed] boss of all the dogs .

The three volumes brought to the fore a characteristic of Trevelyan's prose which remained conspicuous through his later works -- a genius for describing military action with clarity and with authority .
the three volumes brought to the fore a characteristic of trevelyan's prose which [stayed] conspicuous through his later works -- a genius for describing military action with clarity and with authority .

In short order , the general history became his most popular work and has remained , aside from his later Social history , the work most widely favored by the public .
in short order , the general history became his most popular work and has [stayed] , aside from his later social history , the work most widely favored by the public .

The reporters were questioning the Interior man and the French officer , both of whom remained noncommittal as to what action , if any , would be taken in my regard .
the reporters were questioning the interior man and the french officer , both of whom [stayed] noncommittal as to what action , if any , would be taken in my regard .

A volunteer food brigade had been arranged , they told me , which would supply me with the necessities as long as I remained at the bridge .
a volunteer food brigade had been arranged , they told me , which would supply me with the necessities as long as i [stayed] at the bridge .

Underneath , he remained one of the best-educated Russians of his day .
underneath , he [stayed] one of the best-educated russians of his day .

It remained , however , for Mando to teach me that Doric symbolized strength , Ionic wisdom , and Corinthian beauty , the three pillars of the ancient world .
it [stayed] , however , for mando to teach me that doric symbolized strength , ionic wisdom , and corinthian beauty , the three pillars of the ancient world .

`` Little Rock is , without any flattery , one of the dullest towns in the United States and I would not have remained two hours in the place , if I had not met with some good friends who made me forget its dreariness '' .
`` little rock is , without any flattery , one of the dullest towns in the united states and i would not have [stayed] two hours in the place , if i had not met with some good friends who made me forget its dreariness '' .

So , because he had received less than Tom , it was felt proper that Fred should receive the few hundred dollars that remained .
so , because he had received less than tom , it was felt proper that fred should receive the few hundred dollars that [stayed] .

They have remained on the opened page of my mind in all the years which since have passed .
they have [stayed] on the opened page of my mind in all the years which since have passed .

In order to see that this hindering situation remained effective , Washington detached several bodies of his troops to the periphery of the Philadelphia area .
in order to see that this hindering situation [stayed] effective , washington detached several bodies of his troops to the periphery of the philadelphia area .

In The Law Of Civilization And Decay Brooks Adams traced this evolution , always pointing to the fact that although the forms became more rational , the substance remained unchanged .
in the law of civilization and decay brooks adams traced this evolution , always pointing to the fact that although the forms became more rational , the substance [stayed] unchanged .

Patchen's musicians are outsiders in established jazz circles , and Patchen himself has remained outside the San Francisco poetry group , maintaining a self-imposed isolation , even though his conversion to poetry-and-jazz is not as extreme or as sudden as it may first appear .
patchen's musicians are outsiders in established jazz circles , and patchen himself has [stayed] outside the san francisco poetry group , maintaining a self-imposed isolation , even though his conversion to poetry-and-jazz is not as extreme or as sudden as it may first appear .

However , his subject matter and basic themes have remained surprisingly consistent , and these , together with certain key poetic images , may be traced through all his work , including the new jazz experiments .
however , his subject matter and basic themes have [stayed] surprisingly consistent , and these , together with certain key poetic images , may be traced through all his work , including the new jazz experiments .

The fact is simply that state-owned vehicles have remained in practically the same proportion as employees to use them .
the fact is simply that state-owned vehicles have [stayed] in practically the same proportion as employees to use them .

In the military field , incoming orders turned down early in the year , and remained rather slow until late fall when the upturn in procurement of equipment began to make itself felt in rising orders for components .
in the military field , incoming orders turned down early in the year , and [stayed] rather slow until late fall when the upturn in procurement of equipment began to make itself felt in rising orders for components .

Serial serum potassium levels remained normal ; ;
serial serum potassium levels [stayed] normal ; ;

There was a significantly greater number in this group who reported a desk as being in a tilted position while a tennis ball resting on it remained stationary on the incline .
there was a significantly greater number in this group who reported a desk as being in a tilted position while a tennis ball resting on it [stayed] stationary on the incline .

Despite the internal and international crises that harassed Morocco the elections remained a central issue .
despite the internal and international crises that harassed morocco the elections [stayed] a central issue .

There remained only the delicate task of maneuvering the laws through the labyrinth of Palace politics and making a small number of policy decisions .
there [stayed] only the delicate task of maneuvering the laws through the labyrinth of palace politics and making a small number of policy decisions .

This saved for state adjudication , in the first instance , the two major areas where federal injunctions had been most obnoxious , but other areas remained vulnerable .
this saved for state adjudication , in the first instance , the two major areas where federal injunctions had been most obnoxious , but other areas [stayed] vulnerable .

The preconditions of sociology have remained largely unexamined by the sociologist .
the preconditions of sociology have [stayed] largely unexamined by the sociologist .

In any event , the extraordinary result of this injury was that he became `` psychically blind '' , while at the same time , apparently , the sense of touch remained essentially intact .
in any event , the extraordinary result of this injury was that he became `` psychically blind '' , while at the same time , apparently , the sense of touch [stayed] essentially intact .

This circumstance in the patient's case plus the fact that his tactual capacity remained basically in sound working order constitutes its exceptional value for the problem at hand since the evidence presented by the authors is overwhelming that , when the patient closed his eyes , he had absolutely no spatial ( that is , third-dimensional ) awareness whatsoever .
this circumstance in the patient's case plus the fact that his tactual capacity [stayed] basically in sound working order constitutes its exceptional value for the problem at hand since the evidence presented by the authors is overwhelming that , when the patient closed his eyes , he had absolutely no spatial ( that is , third-dimensional ) awareness whatsoever .

I am told that a mortar longer slaked might have remained longer in condition for painting .
i am told that a mortar longer slaked might have [stayed] longer in condition for painting .

The flow rate remained relatively constant during the winter months as shown in Table 1 .
the flow rate [stayed] relatively constant during the winter months as shown in table 1 .

Interest remained , however , in the possibility that it would serve as a useful supplementary method for counteracting spoilage losses and for preserving some foods at lower over-all costs than freezing , or without employing heat or chemicals with their attendant taste alterations .
interest [stayed] , however , in the possibility that it would serve as a useful supplementary method for counteracting spoilage losses and for preserving some foods at lower over-all costs than freezing , or without employing heat or chemicals with their attendant taste alterations .

Only the top of the head , with a spot bare and white as a clamshell , remained visible .
only the top of the head , with a spot bare and white as a clamshell , [stayed] visible .

Outside , only a handful of reporters remained .
outside , only a handful of reporters [stayed] .

However , the litter remained , augmented by several dozen lunchroom suppers .
however , the litter [stayed] , augmented by several dozen lunchroom suppers .

All four remained impacted on the sofa until he had left .
all four [stayed] impacted on the sofa until he had left .

There remained a family named Kahler , owners of a two-story Tudor-style house on the south side of the Andrus home .
there [stayed] a family named kahler , owners of a two-story tudor-style house on the south side of the andrus home .

they remained rough starting points .
they [stayed] rough starting points .

Someone had hauled him over the side , and he had remained silent while they crossed .
someone had hauled him over the side , and he had [stayed] silent while they crossed .

In the cruel clearness of her memory the boy remained unchanged , quick with the delight of laughter , and the pain with which she recalled that short destroyed childhood was still unendurable to her .
in the cruel clearness of her memory the boy [stayed] unchanged , quick with the delight of laughter , and the pain with which she recalled that short destroyed childhood was still unendurable to her .

What remained lacked the original verve but it was at least dignified , as befitting the tragic circumstances .
what [stayed] lacked the original verve but it was at least dignified , as befitting the tragic circumstances .

He climbed , as quickly as he could urge his body , up the two unbroken flights to the third floor , pulling himself along on a delicate balustrade , all that remained of the building's beauty .
he climbed , as quickly as he could urge his body , up the two unbroken flights to the third floor , pulling himself along on a delicate balustrade , all that [stayed] of the building's beauty .

They remained close together , their air trail wiggling like serpents traveling side by side .
they [stayed] close together , their air trail wiggling like serpents traveling side by side .

That battle scene , ridiculous as it was , remained in my mind .
that battle scene , ridiculous as it was , [stayed] in my mind .

Mike remained in trance ; ;
mike [stayed] in trance ; ;

Her extendibles were diverted , connected or augmented and the final , delicate-beyond-description brain taps were completed while Helva remained anesthetically unaware of the proceedings .
her extendibles were diverted , connected or augmented and the final , delicate-beyond-description brain taps were completed while helva [stayed] anesthetically unaware of the proceedings .

The guerrilla bivouac remained silent .
the guerrilla bivouac [stayed] silent .

Gray Eyes remained erect .
gray eyes [stayed] erect .

It was , I felt , possible that they were men who , having received no tickets for that day , had remained in the hall , to sleep perhaps , in the corners farthest removed from the counter with its overhead light .
it was , i felt , possible that they were men who , having received no tickets for that day , had [stayed] in the hall , to sleep perhaps , in the corners farthest removed from the counter with its overhead light .

He had belonged to this land and , perhaps , had desecrated it -- and this was the only material symbol that remained of him .
he had belonged to this land and , perhaps , had desecrated it -- and this was the only material symbol that [stayed] of him .

Miguel and Arturo Ramirez remained on the veranda to keep Harper from interfering .
miguel and arturo ramirez [stayed] on the veranda to keep harper from interfering .

The formation remained perfect .
the formation [stayed] perfect .

But Greg's area remained as placid as a Florida dawn .
but greg's area [stayed] as placid as a florida dawn .

The sitter remained seated hugging the tree .
the sitter [stayed] seated hugging the tree .

The deeds of countless western bandits and outlaws have been glorified almost to the point of hero-worship , but because Billy Tilghman remained strictly on the side of the law throughout his action-packed career , his achievements and the appalling risks he took while taming the West have remained almost unsung .
the deeds of countless western bandits and outlaws have been glorified almost to the point of hero-worship , but because billy tilghman [stayed] strictly on the side of the law throughout his action-packed career , his achievements and the appalling risks he took while taming the west have [stayed] almost unsung .

And so when the others stampeded out that afternoon Jack remained docilely in his seat near a window , looking out in what he hoped was a pitiable manner , while the other kids laughed and yelled in at him and made faces as they dispersed , going home .
and so when the others stampeded out that afternoon jack [stayed] docilely in his seat near a window , looking out in what he hoped was a pitiable manner , while the other kids laughed and yelled in at him and made faces as they dispersed , going home .

The Abernathy furnace consumed fuel like a giant ravenous maw that had to be appeased by hurling tons of coal into its evil red depths , and no matter how much coal they put in the house remained cold .
the abernathy furnace consumed fuel like a giant ravenous maw that had to be appeased by hurling tons of coal into its evil red depths , and no matter how much coal they put in the house [stayed] cold .

He remained young at heart , with an overdeveloped sense of humor .
he [stayed] young at heart , with an overdeveloped sense of humor .

Her words remained with him , worrying him for hours .
her words [stayed] with him , worrying him for hours .

The cold lingered , making sleep difficult that night , and he remained in bed still the next morning , now unable to keep from thinking about the inexplicable sight of burning metal , the wretched sound , the unbearable feeling of having been to a remote Tokyo temple at some earlier time in his life .
the cold lingered , making sleep difficult that night , and he [stayed] in bed still the next morning , now unable to keep from thinking about the inexplicable sight of burning metal , the wretched sound , the unbearable feeling of having been to a remote tokyo temple at some earlier time in his life .

The shorts alone remained .
the shorts alone [stayed] .

She had used his rumpled shorts as the very image of his childishness , his lack of control , his general male looseness , while she remained cool , airy , and untouched , the charming teacher who disciplined an unruly body .
she had used his rumpled shorts as the very image of his childishness , his lack of control , his general male looseness , while she [stayed] cool , airy , and untouched , the charming teacher who disciplined an unruly body .

Barco , his state of apprehension gone , never to return , had assumed a matter-of-factness which remained his principal attitude from that time on .
barco , his state of apprehension gone , never to return , had assumed a matter-of-factness which [stayed] his principal attitude from that time on .

After an unspeakable siege , lasting the better part of two months , it was announced that the studio `` owed '' the government a tax debt in excess of eight million dollars while I , who had always remained aloof from such iniquitous practices as paying taxes on the salary I had earned and the little I legally inherited as Morris' helpless relict , was `` stung '' with a personal bill of such astronomical proportions as to `` wipe out '' all but a fraction of my poor , hard-come-by savings .
after an unspeakable siege , lasting the better part of two months , it was announced that the studio `` owed '' the government a tax debt in excess of eight million dollars while i , who had always [stayed] aloof from such iniquitous practices as paying taxes on the salary i had earned and the little i legally inherited as morris' helpless relict , was `` stung '' with a personal bill of such astronomical proportions as to `` wipe out '' all but a fraction of my poor , hard-come-by savings .

For example , to move ( as the score requires ) from the lowest F-major register up to a barely audible N minor in four seconds , not skipping , at the same time , even one of the 407 fingerings , seems a feat too absurd to consider , and it is to the flautist's credit that he remained silent throughout the passage .
for example , to move ( as the score requires ) from the lowest f-major register up to a barely audible n minor in four seconds , not skipping , at the same time , even one of the 407 fingerings , seems a feat too absurd to consider , and it is to the flautist's credit that he [stayed] silent throughout the passage .

The river and its fish remained just a memory .
the river and its fish [stayed] just a memory .

The accident has remained a closed book until yesterday , when a memorial window at Goodrich Castle was dedicated to the 11 men .
the accident has [stayed] a closed book until yesterday , when a memorial window at goodrich castle was dedicated to the 11 men .

But the numbers reoffending has remained steady at 15 % .
but the numbers reoffending has [stayed] steady at 15 % .

Rover was gambling on its luxury 800 series keeping what remained open .
rover was gambling on its luxury 800 series keeping what [stayed] open .

The murder of a Finnish student a decade ago has remained unsolved despite the use of revolutionary techniques to identify her .
the murder of a finnish student a decade ago has [stayed] unsolved despite the use of revolutionary techniques to identify her .

But it did n't take long for Mansell to steal back the lead and remained in control until an early pitstop .
but it did n't take long for mansell to steal back the lead and [stayed] in control until an early pitstop .

He 's 17 , admits that in the past he has n't always remained on the right side of the law , but is now staying off the streets , with the help of the trax project .
he 's 17 , admits that in the past he has n't always [stayed] on the right side of the law , but is now staying off the streets , with the help of the trax project .

He lived in the same house near Henley on Thames from 1935 , and remained inspired by English country scenes , like St Matthews near Lechlade and classic buildings like the Oxford buildings ensuring that his links with this region remain strong .
he lived in the same house near henley on thames from 1935 , and [stayed] inspired by english country scenes , like st matthews near lechlade and classic buildings like the oxford buildings ensuring that his links with this region remain strong .

He lived in the same house near Henley on Thames from 1935 , and remained inspired by English country scenes , like St Matthews near Lechlade and classic buildings like the Oxford buildings ensuring that his links with this region remain strong .
he lived in the same house near henley on thames from 1935 , and [stayed] inspired by english country scenes , like st matthews near lechlade and classic buildings like the oxford buildings ensuring that his links with this region remain strong .

As the last new age travellers moved from their festival site in Hampshire today the question of where they go next remained unanswered .
as the last new age travellers moved from their festival site in hampshire today the question of where they go next [stayed] unanswered .

Two others remained inside the car .
two others [stayed] inside the car .

One in four men in this country has been a scout , but the camp site image has remained the same ; despite the fact that the short trousers and wide hats went out 20 years ago .
one in four men in this country has been a scout , but the camp site image has [stayed] the same ; despite the fact that the short trousers and wide hats went out 20 years ago .

The monthly inflation rate has remained at four point one per cent , but it is below the German annual inflation rate for the first time since nineteen sixty-seven .
the monthly inflation rate has [stayed] at four point one per cent , but it is below the german annual inflation rate for the first time since nineteen sixty-seven .

Tonight they said that question remained unanswered .
tonight they said that question [stayed] unanswered .

The demonstration remained friendly for several hours .
the demonstration [stayed] friendly for several hours .

Dick 's career has seen him playing against the country 's best , even though he always remained a village player at heart .
dick 's career has seen him playing against the country 's best , even though he always [stayed] a village player at heart .

Today the Prescott family business in nearby Didcot remained closed .
today the prescott family business in nearby didcot [stayed] closed .

Seconds later this was all that remained of the Fiat Tempra ; its body work smashed after rolling repeatedly and hitting a lamp-post .
seconds later this was all that [stayed] of the fiat tempra ; its body work smashed after rolling repeatedly and hitting a lamp-post .

It seems everyone is intrigued by Morse , whose past until now has remained a secret .
it seems everyone is intrigued by morse , whose past until now has [stayed] a secret .

But her popularity remained intact .
but her popularity [stayed] intact .

He fractured his skull and remained unconscious for 10 days .
he fractured his skull and [stayed] unconscious for 10 days .

Ever since , it has remained a popular favourite — surely the most popular of all major orchestral work by a native Englishman , and widely regarded as the very essence of the spirit of England .
ever since , it has [stayed] a popular favourite — surely the most popular of all major orchestral work by a native englishman , and widely regarded as the very essence of the spirit of england .

she remained hidden from her cruel stepmother , knowing that one day her prince will come , Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs is a mor as memorable as the songs that fill the movie
she [stayed] hidden from her cruel stepmother , knowing that one day her prince will come , snow white and the seven dwarfs is a mor as memorable as the songs that fill the movie

The ship 's captain remained on board for another four hours to transfer 25 tonnes of diesel oil from vulnerable fuel tanks to a more secure area of the vessel .
the ship 's captain [stayed] on board for another four hours to transfer 25 tonnes of diesel oil from vulnerable fuel tanks to a more secure area of the vessel .

The secret service , the Securitate , remained in all but name .
the secret service , the securitate , [stayed] in all but name .

However , as no votes have been recorded at these junctures the arithmetic straitjacket has remained largely hidden .
however , as no votes have been recorded at these junctures the arithmetic straitjacket has [stayed] largely hidden .

Since then he has been seen by the right-wing as Maggie 's prince-in-waiting , but his skill has been that he has remained very much in favour with the Major Government where his ability and amiability won him respect .
since then he has been seen by the right-wing as maggie 's prince-in-waiting , but his skill has been that he has [stayed] very much in favour with the major government where his ability and amiability won him respect .

He added that the Scottish Office remained committed to the new dental hospital and institute and had guaranteed capital funds for three years .
he added that the scottish office [stayed] committed to the new dental hospital and institute and had guaranteed capital funds for three years .

He remained hopeful that something could be worked out and the continuity of service could be maintained .
he [stayed] hopeful that something could be worked out and the continuity of service could be maintained .

One shouted : ’ Better meddle with the deil than the bairns o ' Falkirk ’ , but the two men remained impassive .
one shouted : ’ better meddle with the deil than the bairns o ' falkirk ’ , but the two men [stayed] impassive .

But the Scottish Office remained unsure how the board could proceed without the use of juniors , and asked how it could continue once the exemption ended .
but the scottish office [stayed] unsure how the board could proceed without the use of juniors , and asked how it could continue once the exemption ended .

About 70 protesters , including the Glasgow Militant councillor , Tommy Sheridan , leader of the Scottish Anti Poll Tax Federation , began congregating at 8:00am at Mr Smeddon 's council house , where they remained until nightfall .
about 70 protesters , including the glasgow militant councillor , tommy sheridan , leader of the scottish anti poll tax federation , began congregating at 8:00am at mr smeddon 's council house , where they [stayed] until nightfall .

It remained the main route from the south to Aberdeen until 1800 and Samuel Johnson , Robert Burns and Walter Scott were among the travellers who used the route .
it [stayed] the main route from the south to aberdeen until 1800 and samuel johnson , robert burns and walter scott were among the travellers who used the route .

Recent opinion polls show that , while Mr Mulroney remained one of Canada 's most unpopular leaders to date , his party had recovered ground and moved ahead of the New Democrats into second place behind the Liberals .
recent opinion polls show that , while mr mulroney [stayed] one of canada 's most unpopular leaders to date , his party had recovered ground and moved ahead of the new democrats into second place behind the liberals .

The British Foreign Office said in London yesterday that the government remained keen to hold talks with China without preconditions over the plans for democracy .
the british foreign office said in london yesterday that the government [stayed] keen to hold talks with china without preconditions over the plans for democracy .

And the pressure remained at the top : no access to the old boys ' clubs or men 's rooms for deal-making , and the constant reminder that ‘ if a man fails it 's because he 's inadequate , but if a female does it 's because of her sex .
and the pressure [stayed] at the top : no access to the old boys ' clubs or men 's rooms for deal-making , and the constant reminder that ‘ if a man fails it 's because he 's inadequate , but if a female does it 's because of her sex .

Bad debts remained ‘ stubbornly high ’ , particularly among small and medium-sized businesses .
bad debts [stayed] ‘ stubbornly high ’ , particularly among small and medium-sized businesses .

He said that in spite of gloom and doom in some quarters about falling markets for offshore structures , a healthy number of projects were being proposed for approval and exploration success rates in the North Sea remained high .
he said that in spite of gloom and doom in some quarters about falling markets for offshore structures , a healthy number of projects were being proposed for approval and exploration success rates in the north sea [stayed] high .

What was now needed was a ‘ vast , open , modern , outward-looking movement , ’ comprising progressive-minded communists , ecologists , centrists , and human rights activists , as well as what remained of the socialists .
what was now needed was a ‘ vast , open , modern , outward-looking movement , ’ comprising progressive-minded communists , ecologists , centrists , and human rights activists , as well as what [stayed] of the socialists .

Mr Cahill said : ‘ There are no plans to sell Rover ’ , but he admitted that defence remained the core of BAe 's business .
mr cahill said : ‘ there are no plans to sell rover ’ , but he admitted that defence [stayed] the core of bae 's business .

Demand for mortgages remained sluggish last year despite five cuts in the mortgage rate , Mr Kirkham said .
demand for mortgages [stayed] sluggish last year despite five cuts in the mortgage rate , mr kirkham said .

Analysts said that as long as credit business remained negative it was unlikely consumer spending would revive significantly .
analysts said that as long as credit business [stayed] negative it was unlikely consumer spending would revive significantly .

It remained 10–0 until 15 minutes from time , when Gibson picked up from a scrum and launched a blind side move which put skipper Steve Towns over .
it [stayed] 10–0 until 15 minutes from time , when gibson picked up from a scrum and launched a blind side move which put skipper steve towns over .

The town 's housing market has remained stagnant over the last year and an Abbey National survey showed property prices did not significantly alter during 1991 .
the town 's housing market has [stayed] stagnant over the last year and an abbey national survey showed property prices did not significantly alter during 1991 .

But local people remained sceptical about the time it can take crews to reach emergencies .
but local people [stayed] sceptical about the time it can take crews to reach emergencies .

That is where he remained until his appointment as judge .
that is where he [stayed] until his appointment as judge .

For two days she remained at large despite a posse of pupils carrying out an inch-by-inch search of the building .
for two days she [stayed] at large despite a posse of pupils carrying out an inch-by-inch search of the building .

‘ Throughout the time he was in custody , he remained silent , ’ Mr Walker told Darlington magistrates .
‘ throughout the time he was in custody , he [stayed] silent , ’ mr walker told darlington magistrates .

Dr Elizabeth Elliott , who works at Darlington Memorial Hospital , said it was important health services in Darlington and Bishop Auckland remained within their own areas .
dr elizabeth elliott , who works at darlington memorial hospital , said it was important health services in darlington and bishop auckland [stayed] within their own areas .

In Washington the state department said Mr Yeltsin had sent a message assuring the United States that he remained committed to democracy , human rights and civic order .
in washington the state department said mr yeltsin had sent a message assuring the united states that he [stayed] committed to democracy , human rights and civic order .

However , the centre-left grouping within the committee , who are usually identified as being pro-Salmond , remained severely critical of the leadership 's failure to take account of the likely reaction in Scotland to the vote .
however , the centre-left grouping within the committee , who are usually identified as being pro-salmond , [stayed] severely critical of the leadership 's failure to take account of the likely reaction in scotland to the vote .

Five seats remained doubtful .
five seats [stayed] doubtful .

He claimed that after being taken for a walk in the evening the children had gone to their beds while the teachers remained in an annexe .
he claimed that after being taken for a walk in the evening the children had gone to their beds while the teachers [stayed] in an annexe .

He has not only remained in his job as a chemical engineer but has also been promoted twice and is now principal chemical engineer with Ciba , in Paisley .
he has not only [stayed] in his job as a chemical engineer but has also been promoted twice and is now principal chemical engineer with ciba , in paisley .

The verdict on whether Mr Lamont will remain as Chancellor remained open last night , with many Tories seeing it as an electoral mistake to raise fuel bills in the run up the next election , while others praised him for tackling the public deficit .
the verdict on whether mr lamont will remain as chancellor [stayed] open last night , with many tories seeing it as an electoral mistake to raise fuel bills in the run up the next election , while others praised him for tackling the public deficit .

The biggest march was in Quimper on the Brittany coast , where up to 10,000 people gathered for a silent protest which remained calm until the late afternoon when a handful of people began throwing stones and tear gas bombs .
the biggest march was in quimper on the brittany coast , where up to 10,000 people gathered for a silent protest which [stayed] calm until the late afternoon when a handful of people began throwing stones and tear gas bombs .

Bosnian Serbs meanwhile allowed two stranded aid convoys to head for Gorazde and Sarajevo , but another convoy intended for the besieged Muslim town of Srebrenica remained stuck at the border .
bosnian serbs meanwhile allowed two stranded aid convoys to head for gorazde and sarajevo , but another convoy intended for the besieged muslim town of srebrenica [stayed] stuck at the border .

The pledge was enough to satisfy some Tory back-benchers who had threatened rebellion but others said they remained unconvinced by the Government 's ‘ clarification ’ .
the pledge was enough to satisfy some tory back-benchers who had threatened rebellion but others said they [stayed] unconvinced by the government 's ‘ clarification ’ .

He added that Caledonian Mining remained interested in obtaining a 70 per cent stake in the company .
he added that caledonian mining [stayed] interested in obtaining a 70 per cent stake in the company .

Miners at the pit remained unimpressed , however .
miners at the pit [stayed] unimpressed , however .

The hospital said one remained seriously ill on a ventilator while the third had been discharged .
the hospital said one [stayed] seriously ill on a ventilator while the third had been discharged .

Tim Parry , from Great Sankey , Warrington , who suffered terrible facial injuries , remained in a critical condition yesterday .
tim parry , from great sankey , warrington , who suffered terrible facial injuries , [stayed] in a critical condition yesterday .

He added that independent analysts had forecast that the annual growth rate of the Scottish economy over the next five years would be almost double the rate — around two per cent — that was currently estimated if Scotland remained within the Union .
he added that independent analysts had forecast that the annual growth rate of the scottish economy over the next five years would be almost double the rate — around two per cent — that was currently estimated if scotland [stayed] within the union .

Yesterday Mr McTear , who has developed pneumonia , remained unable to continue giving evidence under cross-examination and his doctor advised that the hearing be ended indefinitely .
yesterday mr mctear , who has developed pneumonia , [stayed] unable to continue giving evidence under cross-examination and his doctor advised that the hearing be ended indefinitely .

But there remained large elements of his speech to Aberdeen Conservatives which are likely to be seen as a challenge to modern classroom practice and a potential increase in political interference in Scotland 's new curriculum for children aged between five and 14 .
but there [stayed] large elements of his speech to aberdeen conservatives which are likely to be seen as a challenge to modern classroom practice and a potential increase in political interference in scotland 's new curriculum for children aged between five and 14 .

In the following months , as the Soviet Union broke up and morale in the army deteriorated , Grachev remained on the sidelines , charged with preparing a military reform programme .
in the following months , as the soviet union broke up and morale in the army deteriorated , grachev [stayed] on the sidelines , charged with preparing a military reform programme .

The boy seriously injured in the blast , 12-year-old Timothy Parry , remained in critical condition and was due to have another brain scan today .
the boy seriously injured in the blast , 12-year-old timothy parry , [stayed] in critical condition and was due to have another brain scan today .

Last night , he told colleagues at a meeting of the economic and domestic policy sub-committee that he remained locked in a game of brinkmanship with the electricity generating firms who are reluctant to sign firm contracts on coal purchases until after seeing the white paper .
last night , he told colleagues at a meeting of the economic and domestic policy sub-committee that he [stayed] locked in a game of brinkmanship with the electricity generating firms who are reluctant to sign firm contracts on coal purchases until after seeing the white paper .

Although he had deliberately distanced himself from the government since being ‘ sacked ’ as prime minister nearly two years ago and although he personally remained untainted by the multiple scandals which have beset the Socialist Party , he found himself caught up in the great tidal wave of rejection of the Socialists , which has swept the country .
although he had deliberately distanced himself from the government since being ‘ sacked ’ as prime minister nearly two years ago and although he personally [stayed] untainted by the multiple scandals which have beset the socialist party , he found himself caught up in the great tidal wave of rejection of the socialists , which has swept the country .

Last month , Mr Rocard caused a great frisson of excitement to run through the deeply-dejected Socialist ranks by calling for a political ‘ big bang ’ to allow the creation of a new centre left movement consisting of progressive-minded Communists , Ecologists , Centrists and what remained of the Socialists .
last month , mr rocard caused a great frisson of excitement to run through the deeply-dejected socialist ranks by calling for a political ‘ big bang ’ to allow the creation of a new centre left movement consisting of progressive-minded communists , ecologists , centrists and what [stayed] of the socialists .

Lower costs meant that Japanese exports remained competitively priced .
lower costs meant that japanese exports [stayed] competitively priced .

Airtours ' chairman , David Crossland , blamed his defeat on what he called ‘ the spoiling action ’ of the eleventh-hour intervention by Thomas Cook , the German-controlled travel agency , which on Monday snapped up 8.4 per cent of Owners to try to ensure it remained independent .
airtours ' chairman , david crossland , blamed his defeat on what he called ‘ the spoiling action ’ of the eleventh-hour intervention by thomas cook , the german-controlled travel agency , which on monday snapped up 8.4 per cent of owners to try to ensure it [stayed] independent .

Sir John said the pace of recovery was likely to be slow and they remained cautious about the current year , with slow but steady recovery not being seen until 1994 .
sir john said the pace of recovery was likely to be slow and they [stayed] cautious about the current year , with slow but steady recovery not being seen until 1994 .

The Chancellor cautioned that uncertainties remained , however .
the chancellor cautioned that uncertainties [stayed] , however .

During the year to December 1992 poultry numbers rose by six per cent to 14.9 million and cattle numbers remained constant at 2.1 million .
during the year to december 1992 poultry numbers rose by six per cent to 14.9 million and cattle numbers [stayed] constant at 2.1 million .

In a report in Retail Business , the Economist Intelligence Unit said that although Scotch remained by far the best-selling spirit , its share of the total spirits market had dropped from 50.5 per cent in 1981 to around 40.6 per cent in 1992 .
in a report in retail business , the economist intelligence unit said that although scotch [stayed] by far the best-selling spirit , its share of the total spirits market had dropped from 50.5 per cent in 1981 to around 40.6 per cent in 1992 .

The chairman , Fred Johnston , said that newspaper publishing remained the group 's main activity , contributing a 20 per cent increase in operating profits at £6.95 million .
the chairman , fred johnston , said that newspaper publishing [stayed] the group 's main activity , contributing a 20 per cent increase in operating profits at £6.95 million .

But Sir Lawrie remained irrepressibly optimistic yesterday .
but sir lawrie [stayed] irrepressibly optimistic yesterday .

Du Maurier 's atmospheric and often sinister novels and stories made her a worldwide bestseller , while she herself remained reclusive and deeply private .
du maurier 's atmospheric and often sinister novels and stories made her a worldwide bestseller , while she herself [stayed] reclusive and deeply private .

It is a great shame that Rob Wainwright has remained sidelined all year , because he played some outstanding rugby in Australia last summer , and for me is still the best potential No 8 around .
it is a great shame that rob wainwright has [stayed] sidelined all year , because he played some outstanding rugby in australia last summer , and for me is still the best potential no 8 around .

McLean popped up in this unusual viewing position — the advertising hoardings around the Tynecastle pitch are kept in place by sandbags — shortly after swapping his seat in the stand for the United dug-out on Saturday , and , arms waving , he remained there virtually throughout the final 15 minutes .
mclean popped up in this unusual viewing position — the advertising hoardings around the tynecastle pitch are kept in place by sandbags — shortly after swapping his seat in the stand for the united dug-out on saturday , and , arms waving , he [stayed] there virtually throughout the final 15 minutes .

Floirat remained attached to his native region and had held the mayor 's post in Nailhac since 1959 .
floirat [stayed] attached to his native region and had held the mayor 's post in nailhac since 1959 .

Scotland could be placed in something of a dilemma if both were ruled out , but Paterson remained confident both will recover .
scotland could be placed in something of a dilemma if both were ruled out , but paterson [stayed] confident both will recover .

The finish was an apology for an attempt at goal , though the worry remained that missing the previous five games had left Gough seriously disadvantaged .
the finish was an apology for an attempt at goal , though the worry [stayed] that missing the previous five games had left gough seriously disadvantaged .

She and Charlie had always remained very close friends .
she and charlie had always [stayed] very close friends .

Members of the Salvation Army have remained silent since their announcement that their money had disappeared .
members of the salvation army have [stayed] silent since their announcement that their money had disappeared .

The major tournaments are now looming , Hong Kong this weekend and the World Cup Sevens at Murrayfield less than a month away , but Morgan remained adamant there is no need to feel gloomy about Scotland 's cause .
the major tournaments are now looming , hong kong this weekend and the world cup sevens at murrayfield less than a month away , but morgan [stayed] adamant there is no need to feel gloomy about scotland 's cause .

By full-time , though , it was Raith who had grabbed another vital home win — since the opening day of the season at Stark 's Park when they hammered St Mirren 7-0 Raith have remained unbeaten throughout the league campaign — thanks to a unique contribution from their manager .
by full-time , though , it was raith who had grabbed another vital home win — since the opening day of the season at stark 's park when they hammered st mirren 7-0 raith have [stayed] unbeaten throughout the league campaign — thanks to a unique contribution from their manager .

But so far many thousands of man-hours later the killer who left 44-year-old Mrs Heron in a pool of blood on her living room floor has remained at large .
but so far many thousands of man-hours later the killer who left 44-year-old mrs heron in a pool of blood on her living room floor has [stayed] at large .

In Darlington the borough-wide population has remained pretty much stable since 1961 .
in darlington the borough-wide population has [stayed] pretty much stable since 1961 .

Speaking about children , Fr Cunningham 's face lit up and beaming smile crossed his face ; being with them is a passion which has remained with him since his days as a teacher , and later a headmaster .
speaking about children , fr cunningham 's face lit up and beaming smile crossed his face ; being with them is a passion which has [stayed] with him since his days as a teacher , and later a headmaster .

In 1947 he was appointed headmaster at St Mary 's Grammar School in Darlington , where he remained for 12 years .
in 1947 he was appointed headmaster at st mary 's grammar school in darlington , where he [stayed] for 12 years .

What was now needed was a ‘ vast , open , modern , outward-looking movement , ’ comprising progressive-minded communists , ecologists , centrists , and human rights activists , as well as what remained of the socialists .
what was now needed was a ‘ vast , open , modern , outward-looking movement , ’ comprising progressive-minded communists , ecologists , centrists , and human rights activists , as well as what [stayed] of the socialists .

Brett converted but Sonians remained resolute .
brett converted but sonians [stayed] resolute .

Many of their most one-eyed , passionate supporters have remained uncharacteristically realistic .
many of their most one-eyed , passionate supporters have [stayed] uncharacteristically realistic .

The upturn in sales was double the increase the economic forecasters had been expecting , but the City remained sceptical .
the upturn in sales was double the increase the economic forecasters had been expecting , but the city [stayed] sceptical .

Bob Scott , the man behind the bid , admitted that the city 's main problem remained its lack of glamour , but Major provided a fierce defence of a ‘ vibrant ’ city .
bob scott , the man behind the bid , admitted that the city 's main problem [stayed] its lack of glamour , but major provided a fierce defence of a ‘ vibrant ’ city .

There was , however , no inclination on the part of the Maltese to take a more adventurous approach even after going behind and they remained keen to foil the kind of movement off the ball being displayed by Jess , eagerly starting an international for the first time .
there was , however , no inclination on the part of the maltese to take a more adventurous approach even after going behind and they [stayed] keen to foil the kind of movement off the ball being displayed by jess , eagerly starting an international for the first time .

Yesterday Montgomerie remained unrepentant .
yesterday montgomerie [stayed] unrepentant .

He remained in Russia for the rest of his life , to be buried in Moscow , aged 55 .
he [stayed] in russia for the rest of his life , to be buried in moscow , aged 55 .

The coach had now reached the estate and Barry Sealey , vice-chairman of Scottish Business in the Community — which aims to stimulate and assist companies to become involved in meeting the needs of communities — pointed out that bleak areas still remained to be tackled .
the coach had now reached the estate and barry sealey , vice-chairman of scottish business in the community — which aims to stimulate and assist companies to become involved in meeting the needs of communities — pointed out that bleak areas still [stayed] to be tackled .

The door of their Leeds home , however , remained firmly closed .
the door of their leeds home , however , [stayed] firmly closed .

And it would have remained little more than a name but for the immense political danger that threatened it 21 years ago .
and it would have [stayed] little more than a name but for the immense political danger that threatened it 21 years ago .

Elsewhere in Darlington the number of crimes has remained high although here has been a slight decline in some common crimes .
elsewhere in darlington the number of crimes has [stayed] high although here has been a slight decline in some common crimes .

But Louisa remained forgotten until the discovery of that suitcase , perhaps sold at the original auction as part of a job lot .
but louisa [stayed] forgotten until the discovery of that suitcase , perhaps sold at the original auction as part of a job lot .

He was unconscious by the time he arrived at hospital in Sanford and remained in a coma until he died .
he was unconscious by the time he arrived at hospital in sanford and [stayed] in a coma until he died .

He started at the back , remained there for a lap and , when the pace was turned up , was unable to get within a challenging position .
he started at the back , [stayed] there for a lap and , when the pace was turned up , was unable to get within a challenging position .

The evocative China Heart , with its shifting layers of sound and teasing instrumental textures jumping dramatically into a demented tango , remained the best of the songs but none of them were at all suited to Fionna Duncan 's voice or delivery .
the evocative china heart , with its shifting layers of sound and teasing instrumental textures jumping dramatically into a demented tango , [stayed] the best of the songs but none of them were at all suited to fionna duncan 's voice or delivery .

Britain 's trade gap with rest of world remained broadly stable in first three months of the year , according to provisional Government figures .
britain 's trade gap with rest of world [stayed] broadly stable in first three months of the year , according to provisional government figures .

Work was never completed and when the wealthy founder of the Port Sunlight-based Lever Brothers died in 1925 the project remained unfinished .
work was never completed and when the wealthy founder of the port sunlight-based lever brothers died in 1925 the project [stayed] unfinished .

Since the attack , the gas cylinders have remained out of use .
since the attack , the gas cylinders have [stayed] out of use .

Mr Philips remained in hospital near Cairo , and his wife Agnes stayed behind to comfort him .
mr philips [stayed] in hospital near cairo , and his wife agnes stayed behind to comfort him .

‘ In this case the doctor stopped work immediately he displayed any symptoms and has remained off work . ’
‘ in this case the doctor stopped work immediately he displayed any symptoms and has [stayed] off work . ’

Hundreds of motorcycle racing enthusiasts remained stuck on the mainland after the Lady of Man ferry was damaged in a crash at Douglas Harbour .
hundreds of motorcycle racing enthusiasts [stayed] stuck on the mainland after the lady of man ferry was damaged in a crash at douglas harbour .

Work was never completed and when the wealthy founder of the Port Sunlight-based Lever Brothers died in 1925 , the project remained unfinished .
work was never completed and when the wealthy founder of the port sunlight-based lever brothers died in 1925 , the project [stayed] unfinished .

The Eisteddfod ceremony in which the chair he won was draped in a black cloth has remained part of the Welsh bardic ethos ever since .
the eisteddfod ceremony in which the chair he won was draped in a black cloth has [stayed] part of the welsh bardic ethos ever since .

He has remained there through his solid consistency in Derry 's midfield , rarely missing a game and forming productive alliances with a number of partners including Plunkett Murphy and Dermot Heaney in the recent past .
he has [stayed] there through his solid consistency in derry 's midfield , rarely missing a game and forming productive alliances with a number of partners including plunkett murphy and dermot heaney in the recent past .

But it remained unclear after the day-long hearing whether the court would be prepared to grant 34-year-old Mr Daniels ' request for an order that the unit should be reassembled at another London hospital , or at least declare that the action taken by the North West Thames and Riverside health authorities was unlawful .
but it [stayed] unclear after the day-long hearing whether the court would be prepared to grant 34-year-old mr daniels ' request for an order that the unit should be reassembled at another london hospital , or at least declare that the action taken by the north west thames and riverside health authorities was unlawful .

Under Section 37 of Britain 's Mental Health Act , he would have been legally a free man if he had remained at large for another hour .
under section 37 of britain 's mental health act , he would have been legally a free man if he had [stayed] at large for another hour .

The defendant , who appeared in the dock wearing an open-necked striped shirt , remained silent during the brief hearing .
the defendant , who appeared in the dock wearing an open-necked striped shirt , [stayed] silent during the brief hearing .

Joan 's family moved to England and she remained behind .
joan 's family moved to england and she [stayed] behind .

‘ Constable David Owen said : ‘ The crowd remained silent after Downey shouted but when the tribute ended they began punching him round the neck , back and body and began pushing him towards us . ’ ’
‘ constable david owen said : ‘ the crowd [stayed] silent after downey shouted but when the tribute ended they began punching him round the neck , back and body and began pushing him towards us . ’ ’

It rose from the floor , out of the tattered grey wall-to-wall carpeting … He wondered then , if the others who had remained on Earth experienced the void this way .
it rose from the floor , out of the tattered grey wall-to-wall carpeting … he wondered then , if the others who had [stayed] on earth experienced the void this way .

Clary , still remained the tramp , he loved to be , six days of the week , one along with many who are taken to be inhuman .
clary , still [stayed] the tramp , he loved to be , six days of the week , one along with many who are taken to be inhuman .

The island is seen as a microcosm of the world and this is part of Golding 's style that has remained the same throughout the book .
the island is seen as a microcosm of the world and this is part of golding 's style that has [stayed] the same throughout the book .

But there remained the problem which had been gnawing at his mind for months as he waited for his enemy to come home : how was he to get into the castle itself ?
but there [stayed] the problem which had been gnawing at his mind for months as he waited for his enemy to come home : how was he to get into the castle itself ?

Harry 's lips tightened angrily at that slur , but he remained silent .
harry 's lips tightened angrily at that slur , but he [stayed] silent .

What happened then he never saw , it remained always a confusion and a blank to him , but certainly there was another cry , louder and more astonished than his , and a sudden sharp impact like a blow , and the clatter of the whip falling .
what happened then he never saw , it [stayed] always a confusion and a blank to him , but certainly there was another cry , louder and more astonished than his , and a sudden sharp impact like a blow , and the clatter of the whip falling .

Nothing remained of Master Harry but the faint dark staining of the stone where he had lain , a slender shadow outlined in rime at the bottom of the coffin .
nothing [stayed] of master harry but the faint dark staining of the stone where he had lain , a slender shadow outlined in rime at the bottom of the coffin .

If he had been asked where he got it , that obstinate jaw of his would have remained clenched , but Isambard knew how to ask his questions now .
if he had been asked where he got it , that obstinate jaw of his would have [stayed] clenched , but isambard knew how to ask his questions now .

He would have remained unpaid , and the loser in the matter .
he would have [stayed] unpaid , and the loser in the matter .

The touch in Alphas returned to 1987 levels by the end of 1988 , although the touches in Betas and Gammas remained somewhat higher than their previous levels .
the touch in alphas returned to 1987 levels by the end of 1988 , although the touches in betas and gammas [stayed] somewhat higher than their previous levels .

Campaigns of terrorist violence from the anti-democratic right and from Basque separatists had a destabilizing effect , while elements in the military remained strongly attached to Franco 's authoritarian vision .
campaigns of terrorist violence from the anti-democratic right and from basque separatists had a destabilizing effect , while elements in the military [stayed] strongly attached to franco 's authoritarian vision .

These problems remained , even after objectives had been partially clarified and formalized through grant financing and stringent financial controls .
these problems [stayed] , even after objectives had been partially clarified and formalized through grant financing and stringent financial controls .

The movement as a whole , the ‘ Organización Sindical ’ , remained under the control of a minister belonging to the Falangist tendency within the Francoist political coalition .
the movement as a whole , the ‘ organización sindical ’ , [stayed] under the control of a minister belonging to the falangist tendency within the francoist political coalition .

The council showed signs of being influenced by opposition demands , but it remained firmly in the hands of ‘ officialist ’ candidates .
the council showed signs of being influenced by opposition demands , but it [stayed] firmly in the hands of ‘ officialist ’ candidates .

In manufacturing and business , the two grew very closely in parallel until the mid-sixties , so that the ratio of output to capital remained fairly constant ( figure 8.4 ) .
in manufacturing and business , the two grew very closely in parallel until the mid-sixties , so that the ratio of output to capital [stayed] fairly constant ( figure 8.4 ) .

If real wages had remained constant between 1955 and 1970 , with productivity growth unaffected , then the share of profits would have doubled to around one-half of the value of output .
if real wages had [stayed] constant between 1955 and 1970 , with productivity growth unaffected , then the share of profits would have doubled to around one-half of the value of output .

And while investment stopped growing , it remained at quite a high level .
and while investment stopped growing , it [stayed] at quite a high level .

The accumulation rate remained about 4 per cent , implying substantial further modernization .
the accumulation rate [stayed] about 4 per cent , implying substantial further modernization .

Only Japan , of the major exporters , remained virtually impervious to import penetration — all the phenomenal growth of manufactured exports being devoted to paying for the soaring import bill for materials ( chapter 12 )
only japan , of the major exporters , [stayed] virtually impervious to import penetration — all the phenomenal growth of manufactured exports being devoted to paying for the soaring import bill for materials ( chapter 12 )

Only the Japanese market remained more or less impenetrable .
only the japanese market [stayed] more or less impenetrable .

Only then were businesses in Europe entirely free to use their domestic currencies to buy dollars in order to pay for imports ; and controls on capital movements remained widespread .
only then were businesses in europe entirely free to use their domestic currencies to buy dollars in order to pay for imports ; and controls on capital movements [stayed] widespread .

The Italian labour movement suffered enormous defeats in the late forties ( chapter 6 ) and the trade unions remained ineffective throughout the fifties .
the italian labour movement suffered enormous defeats in the late forties ( chapter 6 ) and the trade unions [stayed] ineffective throughout the fifties .

Most commentators agree that the rapid price acceleration played an important role in generating high inflationary expectations , which remained remarkably resilient even under later conditions of mass unemployment .
most commentators agree that the rapid price acceleration played an important role in generating high inflationary expectations , which [stayed] remarkably resilient even under later conditions of mass unemployment .

Of the approximate one and a half thousand pounds from the sale of the Volvo , minus expenses , that he regarded legitimately as his , added to the four thousand in he and Zoe 's joint account , there remained one hundred and seventy pounds .
of the approximate one and a half thousand pounds from the sale of the volvo , minus expenses , that he regarded legitimately as his , added to the four thousand in he and zoe 's joint account , there [stayed] one hundred and seventy pounds .

Sal , who was working shifts in a cafe on the Commercial Road , went back to work on Boxing Day , and Grace remained on duty at the London hospital throughout the so-called holiday , while Kitty mooched around checking on everyone else 's presents before going back to bed .
sal , who was working shifts in a cafe on the commercial road , went back to work on boxing day , and grace [stayed] on duty at the london hospital throughout the so-called holiday , while kitty mooched around checking on everyone else 's presents before going back to bed .

The following morning , he wheeled out his Granpa 's old barrow from the back yard , removed the cobwebs , gave it a lick of paint and put Kitty on to house-to-house calls taking orders , while he remained on his pitch in Whitechapel .
the following morning , he wheeled out his granpa 's old barrow from the back yard , removed the cobwebs , gave it a lick of paint and put kitty on to house-to-house calls taking orders , while he [stayed] on his pitch in whitechapel .

These sentiments remained with him until the morning light came shining through the windows .
these sentiments [stayed] with him until the morning light came shining through the windows .

He wanted to run his fingers up as far as they would go , but he remained motionless , like a frozen frame in a black and white film .
he wanted to run his fingers up as far as they would go , but he [stayed] motionless , like a frozen frame in a black and white film .

All that remained was the odd burnt-out farmhouse to mark the spot where civilisation had once existed .
all that [stayed] was the odd burnt-out farmhouse to mark the spot where civilisation had once existed .

Even soaked , frozen and hungry , they somehow remained cheerful .
even soaked , frozen and hungry , they somehow [stayed] cheerful .

Charlie remained cautious as he began to study the layout of the little church .
charlie [stayed] cautious as he began to study the layout of the little church .

It had already lost half its roof , courtesy of a German or English shell , while the rest of the nave and porch remained intact .
it had already lost half its roof , courtesy of a german or english shell , while the rest of the nave and porch [stayed] intact .

The drains were at last able to carry the surface water and only a few isolated areas remained flooded .
the drains were at last able to carry the surface water and only a few isolated areas [stayed] flooded .

It remained a thriving rock disco during the Eighties but closed down two years ago .
it [stayed] a thriving rock disco during the eighties but closed down two years ago .

In 1960 he was appointed vicar of Thirkleby , Kilburn and Bagby , where he remained until retirement .
in 1960 he was appointed vicar of thirkleby , kilburn and bagby , where he [stayed] until retirement .

The great British driving test has remained stubbornly familiar to three generations of motorists since 1952 .
the great british driving test has [stayed] stubbornly familiar to three generations of motorists since 1952 .

Sales volumes in May were up on a year ago for the fifth month in a row but they remained well below normal for the time of year , he said .
sales volumes in may were up on a year ago for the fifth month in a row but they [stayed] well below normal for the time of year , he said .

In recent years the successful formula has remained largely unchanged .
in recent years the successful formula has [stayed] largely unchanged .

But Mr Jones remained unrepentant .
but mr jones [stayed] unrepentant .

Both reactors at Hartlepool nuclear power station have remained in service over the past two weeks , generating over 394 million units of electricity .
both reactors at hartlepool nuclear power station have [stayed] in service over the past two weeks , generating over 394 million units of electricity .

His dismal forecast came even though the votes from Tory strongholds like Hartburn , Stockton , and Yarm remained to be counted .
his dismal forecast came even though the votes from tory strongholds like hartburn , stockton , and yarm [stayed] to be counted .

Last night , only Mrs Spence remained in hospital .
last night , only mrs spence [stayed] in hospital .

Cusack scored on his debut , but it was n't enough in a 4–2 defeat at Swansea , and Quakers remained in an all too familiar third from bottom .
cusack scored on his debut , but it was n't enough in a 4–2 defeat at swansea , and quakers [stayed] in an all too familiar third from bottom .

He then walked out of the house saying he was leaving but did not take anything with him and the car remained outside the house .
he then walked out of the house saying he was leaving but did not take anything with him and the car [stayed] outside the house .

The National Union of Teachers said the boycott remained solid with almost 100pc effectiveness .
the national union of teachers said the boycott [stayed] solid with almost 100pc effectiveness .

His sudden death shocked the world of Formula One racing , where he remained an extremely popular figure .
his sudden death shocked the world of formula one racing , where he [stayed] an extremely popular figure .

Rovers ' one-time record buy is also loving life at homely Ewood Park , after manager Kenny Dalglish decided that however many more expensive players he might sign Mimms remained his number one .
rovers ' one-time record buy is also loving life at homely ewood park , after manager kenny dalglish decided that however many more expensive players he might sign mimms [stayed] his number one .

But after three months hard work , publicity and campaigning there remained only a small core of about 30 people regularly using the club .
but after three months hard work , publicity and campaigning there [stayed] only a small core of about 30 people regularly using the club .

There was some muttering among officials after the game that only nine players had turned up for training on Tuesday , but despite the defeat coach Bruce Liddle remained cheerfully optimistic .
there was some muttering among officials after the game that only nine players had turned up for training on tuesday , but despite the defeat coach bruce liddle [stayed] cheerfully optimistic .

While Durham Cricket Club got off to a resounding start , Sunderland brought a respectable gap between themselves and Division Three and Middlesbrough remained in contention for an automatic promotion spot , Newcastle moved into the bottom three of Division Two in remarkable circumstances .
while durham cricket club got off to a resounding start , sunderland brought a respectable gap between themselves and division three and middlesbrough [stayed] in contention for an automatic promotion spot , newcastle moved into the bottom three of division two in remarkable circumstances .

Others who also cared that some of the few remaining oak trees would be felled , stone walls and hedges destroyed , and that the dippers on this stretch of the river Dee would be driven off by low flying golf balls , ducked the issue and remained silent .
others who also cared that some of the few remaining oak trees would be felled , stone walls and hedges destroyed , and that the dippers on this stretch of the river dee would be driven off by low flying golf balls , ducked the issue and [stayed] silent .

Manager Kevin Keegan hoped to open talks this week but the 24-year-old midfield player has remained in London with his family after returning from holiday in Florida .
manager kevin keegan hoped to open talks this week but the 24-year-old midfield player has [stayed] in london with his family after returning from holiday in florida .

Supplies collected for the charity in Worcester remained in a warehouse in the city , and West Mercia Fraud Squad were asked to investigate the withdrawal of funds from the Worcester branch of the Royal Bank of Scotland .
supplies collected for the charity in worcester [stayed] in a warehouse in the city , and west mercia fraud squad were asked to investigate the withdrawal of funds from the worcester branch of the royal bank of scotland .

He says that the pub should have remained black and white .
he says that the pub should have [stayed] black and white .

He says that the pub should have remained black and white .
he says that the pub should have [stayed] black and white .

Even so , he remained quite philosophical .
even so , he [stayed] quite philosophical .

There remained , however , the boarded up remains of the Melvin Hotel , which had stood derelict and unwanted since the day it was bombed in 1972 .
there [stayed] , however , the boarded up remains of the melvin hotel , which had stood derelict and unwanted since the day it was bombed in 1972 .

Stressing that the threat from both loyalist and republican paramilitaries remained very serious , Sir Hugh called on the public to use its ‘ eyes and ears ’ to help save lives .
stressing that the threat from both loyalist and republican paramilitaries [stayed] very serious , sir hugh called on the public to use its ‘ eyes and ears ’ to help save lives .

Reg has remained a bachelor ever since he first asked her to marry him when they were childhood sweethearts in Cirencester .
reg has [stayed] a bachelor ever since he first asked her to marry him when they were childhood sweethearts in cirencester .

The inflation rate has remained unchanged at three point six per cent .
the inflation rate has [stayed] unchanged at three point six per cent .

Britain 's inflation rate has remained unchanged at three point six per cent .
britain 's inflation rate has [stayed] unchanged at three point six per cent .

New Barnes School is the subject of a separate investigation by the police and social services into child abuse and has remained closed since it shut down early for the Summer break .
new barnes school is the subject of a separate investigation by the police and social services into child abuse and has [stayed] closed since it shut down early for the summer break .

He claimed they were questioned in ‘ terror-ridden institutions like Castlereagh ’ , while the authorities still remained opposed to reforms such as allowing video and audio-recording of interrogations .
he claimed they were questioned in ‘ terror-ridden institutions like castlereagh ’ , while the authorities still [stayed] opposed to reforms such as allowing video and audio-recording of interrogations .

And Mr Smith stressed that Labour 's promise of a national minimum wage , which the Tories warned would cost jobs , remained the cornerstone of policy .
and mr smith stressed that labour 's promise of a national minimum wage , which the tories warned would cost jobs , [stayed] the cornerstone of policy .

There is little change in the number of pigs and the poultry-laying population is estimated to have remained unchanged at 3.1m .
there is little change in the number of pigs and the poultry-laying population is estimated to have [stayed] unchanged at 3.1m .

They agreed last night that while she remained head of a ‘ foreign and oppressive state which had an aggressive , irredentist claim ’ to Northern Ireland , she would not be welcome at the City Hall or any other civic property .
they agreed last night that while she [stayed] head of a ‘ foreign and oppressive state which had an aggressive , irredentist claim ’ to northern ireland , she would not be welcome at the city hall or any other civic property .

Servette spy Pont 's clipboard remained unused on his knees as he watched from the grandstand .
servette spy pont 's clipboard [stayed] unused on his knees as he watched from the grandstand .

Portadown however remained dangerous and it took a superb block from Michael Smyth to deny Cunningham after brilliant work from Martin Russell on the left .
portadown however [stayed] dangerous and it took a superb block from michael smyth to deny cunningham after brilliant work from martin russell on the left .

However , defences finished the half on top and the scoreline remained blank .
however , defences finished the half on top and the scoreline [stayed] blank .

Lisburn 's Paul McBurney remained unbeaten in the league and on Saturday he won the 200m in 22.1 and the one lap event with 49.4 .
lisburn 's paul mcburney [stayed] unbeaten in the league and on saturday he won the 200m in 22.1 and the one lap event with 49.4 .

Christine Campbell 's body had remained hidden at the Swindon Guest House for several days .
christine campbell 's body had [stayed] hidden at the swindon guest house for several days .

Her body had remained hidden for several days .
her body had [stayed] hidden for several days .

And the Demomcrats leader remained under house arrest .
and the demomcrats leader [stayed] under house arrest .

erm There they might have remained erm but erm a sensational discovery took place , which was during the Second World War , when , in the Blitz , a bomb actually hit the , the , the place of worship for the Muddletonians , where they were still worshipping though in very small number , and the man whom we have called the last Muddletonian , who was a farmer in Matfield in Kent , went out with his lorry — you remember petrol was rationed during the war , but he was allowed as a farmer — he took his fruit to Covent Garden , and then went to the smoking ruins of the Muddletonian worship , and filled his apple boxes with papers , and they remained there until the nineteen seventies .
erm there they might have [stayed] erm but erm a sensational discovery took place , which was during the second world war , when , in the blitz , a bomb actually hit the , the , the place of worship for the muddletonians , where they were still worshipping though in very small number , and the man whom we have called the last muddletonian , who was a farmer in matfield in kent , went out with his lorry — you remember petrol was rationed during the war , but he was allowed as a farmer — he took his fruit to covent garden , and then went to the smoking ruins of the muddletonian worship , and filled his apple boxes with papers , and they [stayed] there until the nineteen seventies .

Well of course that was erm supposedly one of the greatest mistakes of the last world war was when the erm the erm German Air Force was switched from attacking the erm Royal Air Force , and Air Force stations and attacking erm the targets in London . Although there were a great number of casualties in London , the erm will of the people still remained constant to win the war
well of course that was erm supposedly one of the greatest mistakes of the last world war was when the erm the erm german air force was switched from attacking the erm royal air force , and air force stations and attacking erm the targets in london . although there were a great number of casualties in london , the erm will of the people still [stayed] constant to win the war

The same can be said for President Rafsanjani , Iran 's moderate leader who remained determined to fend off the radicals and to end Iran 's isolations .
the same can be said for president rafsanjani , iran 's moderate leader who [stayed] determined to fend off the radicals and to end iran 's isolations .

Overhead , Soviet troops swarmed into the Reichstag , but at the bunker , all that remained was Hitler 's charred corpse .
overhead , soviet troops swarmed into the reichstag , but at the bunker , all that [stayed] was hitler 's charred corpse .

Tonight the black township was sealed off to whites , but the potential for further clashes remained high .
tonight the black township was sealed off to whites , but the potential for further clashes [stayed] high .

The domestic energy demand has remained constant for very many years .
the domestic energy demand has [stayed] constant for very many years .

Since operations commenced the service level has remained high , depot working stock has reduced and costs have been held well below budget .
since operations commenced the service level has [stayed] high , depot working stock has reduced and costs have been held well below budget .

Sir Fulke seemed subdued and remained slouched in his chair .
sir fulke seemed subdued and [stayed] slouched in his chair .

Cranston remained full of good cheer , aided and abetted by an apparently miraculous wineskin which never seemed to empty .
cranston [stayed] full of good cheer , aided and abetted by an apparently miraculous wineskin which never seemed to empty .

However , the average time taken to make straightforward deliveries to readers of ‘ ordinary ’ books remained remarkably stable throughout the day , never exceeding 17 minutes on weekdays and 19 minutes on Saturdays .
however , the average time taken to make straightforward deliveries to readers of ‘ ordinary ’ books [stayed] remarkably stable throughout the day , never exceeding 17 minutes on weekdays and 19 minutes on saturdays .

The 5 % of requests which remained unsatisfied were investigated , and the reasons noted .
the 5 % of requests which [stayed] unsatisfied were investigated , and the reasons noted .

However , although the level of demand for books fluctuated to a quite considerable extent throughout the day , Figures 10 and 11 also show that the mean delivery time for straightforward deliveries to readers of ‘ ordinary ’ items from the Main Building remained reasonably constant ( never rising above 17 minutes on weekdays , or 19 minutes on Saturdays ) , and that those variations which did occur bore no direct relationship to the level of demand , for some of the better mean delivery times were achieved a periods of high demand , and vice versa .
however , although the level of demand for books fluctuated to a quite considerable extent throughout the day , figures 10 and 11 also show that the mean delivery time for straightforward deliveries to readers of ‘ ordinary ’ items from the main building [stayed] reasonably constant ( never rising above 17 minutes on weekdays , or 19 minutes on saturdays ) , and that those variations which did occur bore no direct relationship to the level of demand , for some of the better mean delivery times were achieved a periods of high demand , and vice versa .

Table 3 , below , shows that although the limited duration of the present Call-slip analysis exercise meant that fewer issues were monitored in 1981 than in earlier years , the proportion of all issues which were in foreign languages remained remarkably constant , at around 4% .
table 3 , below , shows that although the limited duration of the present call-slip analysis exercise meant that fewer issues were monitored in 1981 than in earlier years , the proportion of all issues which were in foreign languages [stayed] remarkably constant , at around 4% .

It is very clear from the findings of the Survey that little or no change has occurred in the patterns of demand for the major categories of material studied on earlier occasions : the overwhelming majority of items requested are still modern publications , and the demand for foreign-language publications ( and , indeed , for publications in particular foreign languages ) has remained constant .
it is very clear from the findings of the survey that little or no change has occurred in the patterns of demand for the major categories of material studied on earlier occasions : the overwhelming majority of items requested are still modern publications , and the demand for foreign-language publications ( and , indeed , for publications in particular foreign languages ) has [stayed] constant .

The Chartered Institute of Transport ( ‘ The Company ’ ) , a company limited by guarantee , was formed on 15 July , 1991 and remained dormant for the period to 30 September 1991 .
the chartered institute of transport ( ‘ the company ’ ) , a company limited by guarantee , was formed on 15 july , 1991 and [stayed] dormant for the period to 30 september 1991 .

He remained a firm federalist , an unequivocal advocate of the Czech and Slovak republics staying together .
he [stayed] a firm federalist , an unequivocal advocate of the czech and slovak republics staying together .

When little Jacob Bates was born he remained unconscious because of a lack of oxygen to the blood .
when little jacob bates was born he [stayed] unconscious because of a lack of oxygen to the blood .

Mr Reynolds , speaking on the eve of an expected Progressive Democrat walkout of government , said the door remained open for talks to resolve the crisis .
mr reynolds , speaking on the eve of an expected progressive democrat walkout of government , said the door [stayed] open for talks to resolve the crisis .

He was rushed to the intensive care unit at Alder Hey Hospital in Liverpool where he remained for a week before being transferred to a rehabilitation ward .
he was rushed to the intensive care unit at alder hey hospital in liverpool where he [stayed] for a week before being transferred to a rehabilitation ward .

Spartak remained unruffled in the face of a Liverpool onslaught which failed to transform possession into clear chances .
spartak [stayed] unruffled in the face of a liverpool onslaught which failed to transform possession into clear chances .

‘ It seemed to turn out in the end that the American negotiator did n't have any flexibility and remained on the crucial issues unmoved . ’
‘ it seemed to turn out in the end that the american negotiator did n't have any flexibility and [stayed] on the crucial issues unmoved . ’

But the economy remained weak and Bush made a series of mistakes and miscalculations throughout the fall and winter .
but the economy [stayed] weak and bush made a series of mistakes and miscalculations throughout the fall and winter .

Brig Cumming said he remained happy with the choice of Vitez , which he did not consider to be under threat at the moment .
brig cumming said he [stayed] happy with the choice of vitez , which he did not consider to be under threat at the moment .

Despite efforts by the police to trace the original owners , some jewellery has remained unclaimed .
despite efforts by the police to trace the original owners , some jewellery has [stayed] unclaimed .

He said he had remained silent about Mr Naqvi being held but would now speak .
he said he had [stayed] silent about mr naqvi being held but would now speak .

The motivations of the middle-aged housewife or the young man with good career prospects who joined Militant , remained unexplored .
the motivations of the middle-aged housewife or the young man with good career prospects who joined militant , [stayed] unexplored .

Many of Pétain 's peasant characteristics remained with him throughout his life .
many of pétain 's peasant characteristics [stayed] with him throughout his life .

He remained calm and imposing , a true Commander-in-Chief wielding sovereign authority .
he [stayed] calm and imposing , a true commander-in-chief wielding sovereign authority .

It now remained to find the general somewhere to lay his head for the night .
it now [stayed] to find the general somewhere to lay his head for the night .

In his opinion , ‘ the fact that Verdun still remained in our hands on February 25th constituted a real success ’ .
in his opinion , ‘ the fact that verdun still [stayed] in our hands on february 25th constituted a real success ’ .

There remained only the horses and human muscle .
there [stayed] only the horses and human muscle .

On the few stumps that remained of Verdun 's noble forests on the Right Bank , the bark either hung down in strips , or else had long since been consumed by half-starved pack-horses .
on the few stumps that [stayed] of verdun 's noble forests on the right bank , the bark either hung down in strips , or else had long since been consumed by half-starved pack-horses .

Countless were the true heroes of Verdun , fighting small Thermopylaes in the shell-holes , who remained unsung and undecorated because no one witnessed their deeds .
countless were the true heroes of verdun , fighting small thermopylaes in the shell-holes , who [stayed] unsung and undecorated because no one witnessed their deeds .

The civil population had been summarily evacuated ; a few enterprising and courageous camp-followers , evading the grasp of the gendarmes , had clung on to the last , but eventually all that remained were three elderly townsmen permitted to run a canteen for the troops .
the civil population had been summarily evacuated ; a few enterprising and courageous camp-followers , evading the grasp of the gendarmes , had clung on to the last , but eventually all that [stayed] were three elderly townsmen permitted to run a canteen for the troops .

In one house pulverized by a shell all that remained was a bust of Napoleon , arms folded and facing north as if defying the Germans with its stony glare .
in one house pulverized by a shell all that [stayed] was a bust of napoleon , arms folded and facing north as if defying the germans with its stony glare .

According to his biographer , Henry Bordeaux , even when he landed he remained in a trance ‘ as if electrified by the fluid still passing through his frame ’ Though through so many dogfights he seemed to bear a charmed life , this kind of nervous impulsiveness seemed bound to lead to disaster .
according to his biographer , henry bordeaux , even when he landed he [stayed] in a trance ‘ as if electrified by the fluid still passing through his frame ’ though through so many dogfights he seemed to bear a charmed life , this kind of nervous impulsiveness seemed bound to lead to disaster .

Of the three German principals , the Crown Prince was now all for ending the whole Verdun offensive ; Falkenhayn had lost interest and could be wafted either way by the prevailing wind ; there remained only Knobelsdorf , the most subordinate of the three , who in his conversion to Falkenhayn 's ‘ bleeding white ’ dogma had become more Catholic than the Pope , and who supported continuation at all costs .
of the three german principals , the crown prince was now all for ending the whole verdun offensive ; falkenhayn had lost interest and could be wafted either way by the prevailing wind ; there [stayed] only knobelsdorf , the most subordinate of the three , who in his conversion to falkenhayn 's ‘ bleeding white ’ dogma had become more catholic than the pope , and who supported continuation at all costs .

Notice here that although demand has risen from year 2 to year 3 , net investment has remained the same .
notice here that although demand has risen from year 2 to year 3 , net investment has [stayed] the same .

So the household 's demand for money has risen even though its income has remained unchanged .
so the household 's demand for money has risen even though its income has [stayed] unchanged .

All that remained was the 18th — and the stone Swilcan Bridge , perhaps the most photographed landmark in golf .
all that [stayed] was the 18th — and the stone swilcan bridge , perhaps the most photographed landmark in golf .

Golf would be a little dull if the playing conditions remained constantly perfect .
golf would be a little dull if the playing conditions [stayed] constantly perfect .

How exactly these small fish can be safe nestled within the anemone 's embrace while other fish and invertebrates are stung , killed and devoured remained something of a mystery until recently .
how exactly these small fish can be safe nestled within the anemone 's embrace while other fish and invertebrates are stung , killed and devoured [stayed] something of a mystery until recently .

And yet , they say , Earth 's temperature has remained stable , implying that life has been regulating the composition of gases , and the biota must have been controlling its own environment .
and yet , they say , earth 's temperature has [stayed] stable , implying that life has been regulating the composition of gases , and the biota must have been controlling its own environment .

The fact that Gandhi remained a married man despite taking the brahmacārya vow indicates that this is not the case .
the fact that gandhi [stayed] a married man despite taking the brahmacārya vow indicates that this is not the case .

He remained unshaven for days and wore brown and rotting snap-on teeth .
he [stayed] unshaven for days and wore brown and rotting snap-on teeth .

She realised with a sinking heart that the longer her mother-in-law remained at the Manor , the more difficult it would be to dislodge her .
she realised with a sinking heart that the longer her mother-in-law [stayed] at the manor , the more difficult it would be to dislodge her .

As he clasped her waist , instead of jumping down she slid her body down his , so that his arms remained holding her and she was pressed close to him .
as he clasped her waist , instead of jumping down she slid her body down his , so that his arms [stayed] holding her and she was pressed close to him .

The weather remained piercingly cold , so that whenever men or beasts had need to venture outdoors they were chilled to the bone .
the weather [stayed] piercingly cold , so that whenever men or beasts had need to venture outdoors they were chilled to the bone .

The snow gave them proof of what they always feared : the winter-hungry foxes were biding their time , ready to raid any hen-house which remained unfastened at dusk .
the snow gave them proof of what they always feared : the winter-hungry foxes were biding their time , ready to raid any hen-house which [stayed] unfastened at dusk .

Upon arriving at Aumery Park Farm , when Jonadab dismounted , George remained on his horse .
upon arriving at aumery park farm , when jonadab dismounted , george [stayed] on his horse .

While Stephen and Tamar were away , the weather remained crisp and dry .
while stephen and tamar were away , the weather [stayed] crisp and dry .

Often her questions remained unanswered , with the child merely staring at her , wide-eyed .
often her questions [stayed] unanswered , with the child merely staring at her , wide-eyed .

It was , and remained , his contention that the pure Lugardian principles of Indirect Rule had been perverted by ‘ mediocre careerists ’ in the Northern Residencies after the great man left .
it was , and [stayed] , his contention that the pure lugardian principles of indirect rule had been perverted by ‘ mediocre careerists ’ in the northern residencies after the great man left .

Cromer cherished the thought that he ‘ remained more or less hidden [ and ] pulled the strings ’ , and proclaimed his contempt for publicity ; yet it was he of whom the fellahin sang as they laboured at their immemorial tasks .
cromer cherished the thought that he ‘ [stayed] more or less hidden [ and ] pulled the strings ’ , and proclaimed his contempt for publicity ; yet it was he of whom the fellahin sang as they laboured at their immemorial tasks .

Societies of boys were what the public schools essentially remained , with the masters forming no more than a thin crust of adult authority .
societies of boys were what the public schools essentially [stayed] , with the masters forming no more than a thin crust of adult authority .

He remained consistently unrepentant , explaining to the investigating committee that his intent had been to produce ‘ a sufficient moral effect from a military point of view , not only on those who were present , but more specially throughout the Punjab ’ .
he [stayed] consistently unrepentant , explaining to the investigating committee that his intent had been to produce ‘ a sufficient moral effect from a military point of view , not only on those who were present , but more specially throughout the punjab ’ .

If non-co-operation remained peaceful , Gandhi promised , self-government would be achieved within a year .
if non-co-operation [stayed] peaceful , gandhi promised , self-government would be achieved within a year .

Irwin also canvassed with Salisbury an improved form of dyarchy , the elaborate system set up in 1921 whereby elected Indian ministers in the provincial governments were entrusted with various unexciting portfolios , while British officials remained responsible for the essentials of law , order and taxation .
irwin also canvassed with salisbury an improved form of dyarchy , the elaborate system set up in 1921 whereby elected indian ministers in the provincial governments were entrusted with various unexciting portfolios , while british officials [stayed] responsible for the essentials of law , order and taxation .

His goal remained , as it had always been , partnership with Britain within the empire , and he required only to be convinced of British sincerity in working towards this goal to accept the principle of reaching it by easy stages .
his goal [stayed] , as it had always been , partnership with britain within the empire , and he required only to be convinced of british sincerity in working towards this goal to accept the principle of reaching it by easy stages .

The solution was found in making sure that India remained in the Commonwealth .
the solution was found in making sure that india [stayed] in the commonwealth .

In the event , Mountbatten remained as Governor-General of India , in which capacity , at the invitation of the Congress leaders , he was briefly and secretly to resume executive power in 1947 to deal with the communal violence which threatened to destroy the infant state .
in the event , mountbatten [stayed] as governor-general of india , in which capacity , at the invitation of the congress leaders , he was briefly and secretly to resume executive power in 1947 to deal with the communal violence which threatened to destroy the infant state .

The frame of reference for all this ferment in the official mind remained the idea of the Commonwealth , which during the war received an impetus from the need to show the Americans , in words if not in deeds , that there would be room for a British empire in the brave new post-war world , and also from the genuine idealism stimulated in some British imperialists — as it had been stimulated in the previous war — by a desire to distinguish themselves from the Germans and their imperial ambitions .
the frame of reference for all this ferment in the official mind [stayed] the idea of the commonwealth , which during the war received an impetus from the need to show the americans , in words if not in deeds , that there would be room for a british empire in the brave new post-war world , and also from the genuine idealism stimulated in some british imperialists — as it had been stimulated in the previous war — by a desire to distinguish themselves from the germans and their imperial ambitions .

The Sex Disqualification ( Removal ) Act of 1919 paved the way for changes in women 's employment rights , but the weakness of the Women 's Movement in that period meant that the Act remained a dead letter .
the sex disqualification ( removal ) act of 1919 paved the way for changes in women 's employment rights , but the weakness of the women 's movement in that period meant that the act [stayed] a dead letter .

Had the problem remained static , Maxine might never have come to see me .
had the problem [stayed] static , maxine might never have come to see me .

However , if you are with a group and everyone is laughing , it might put a damper on things if you remained tight-lipped and poker-faced .
however , if you are with a group and everyone is laughing , it might put a damper on things if you [stayed] tight-lipped and poker-faced .

Things remained thus for nearly 80 years , and although it became generally recognised that the genus needed to be split-up into several smaller ones , the amount of work required was such as to make the task an almost-impossible proposition , at least for a single revision .
things [stayed] thus for nearly 80 years , and although it became generally recognised that the genus needed to be split-up into several smaller ones , the amount of work required was such as to make the task an almost-impossible proposition , at least for a single revision .

It was decided to scrape off what remained of the scale , using a hoe and then pan-scourers .
it was decided to scrape off what [stayed] of the scale , using a hoe and then pan-scourers .

In the event , less broadcasting expansion was agreed than was expected and the 40m amateur allocations remained unchanged .
in the event , less broadcasting expansion was agreed than was expected and the 40m amateur allocations [stayed] unchanged .

However , it remained a luxury food item , available only to the rich , until the 1950s when turkey farming was developed on a much greater scale .
however , it [stayed] a luxury food item , available only to the rich , until the 1950s when turkey farming was developed on a much greater scale .

Newbald did not have a railway and remained very self contained .
newbald did not have a railway and [stayed] very self contained .

Typically Victorian in style , the school remained in use until recent times .
typically victorian in style , the school [stayed] in use until recent times .

It remained a workhouse until 1916 , when it was used as billets for the army .
it [stayed] a workhouse until 1916 , when it was used as billets for the army .

Though always an important crossing place , the village remained relatively small until the 19th century , when the population rose from 170 in 1801 to 417 in 1861 .
though always an important crossing place , the village [stayed] relatively small until the 19th century , when the population rose from 170 in 1801 to 417 in 1861 .

When it became known that people in many developing countries remained free of the major killer diseases of Western civilization , it was obvious that medical research into these illnesses should start by delving into the question of what these people were doing , or not doing .
when it became known that people in many developing countries [stayed] free of the major killer diseases of western civilization , it was obvious that medical research into these illnesses should start by delving into the question of what these people were doing , or not doing .

What little time remained for indoor work was occupied mainly in making clean copies of the maps and in writing memoirs on the coalfield areas .
what little time [stayed] for indoor work was occupied mainly in making clean copies of the maps and in writing memoirs on the coalfield areas .

Those that remained were engaged on tasks of economic importance .
those that [stayed] were engaged on tasks of economic importance .

In the north , only a small part of Sutherland remained to be surveyed but the area was relatively inaccessible .
in the north , only a small part of sutherland [stayed] to be surveyed but the area was relatively inaccessible .

He believes that had he remained in Belfast , his elevation to the Ulster team and the Irish squad might have come much earlier .
he believes that had he [stayed] in belfast , his elevation to the ulster team and the irish squad might have come much earlier .

Some players have remained for the northern winter in England , France or Italy , to pursue the loose change of world rugby .
some players have [stayed] for the northern winter in england , france or italy , to pursue the loose change of world rugby .

It was , however , an explanation that only remained plausible if crimes were indeed committed by a minority of individuals living in conditions of relative deprivation .
it was , however , an explanation that only [stayed] plausible if crimes were indeed committed by a minority of individuals living in conditions of relative deprivation .

But it had no relevance , and its guardians remained mute ten years ago , when bombs , with the United States ' and allied governments ' blessing , fell like rain on women and children in Cambodia ( Shawcross 1979 ) , or when the same governments aid and support other political/military regimes exercising mass terror and partial genocide against a subjugated people ( Chomsky and Herman 1979a , 1979b ) .
but it had no relevance , and its guardians [stayed] mute ten years ago , when bombs , with the united states ' and allied governments ' blessing , fell like rain on women and children in cambodia ( shawcross 1979 ) , or when the same governments aid and support other political/military regimes exercising mass terror and partial genocide against a subjugated people ( chomsky and herman 1979a , 1979b ) .

With the exception of some work by disciples of Sutherland ( Clinard 1952 ; Cressey 1953 ; Hartung 1950 ) , the study of corporate crime remained a deserted and neglected area for nearly two decades .
with the exception of some work by disciples of sutherland ( clinard 1952 ; cressey 1953 ; hartung 1950 ) , the study of corporate crime [stayed] a deserted and neglected area for nearly two decades .

Consequently , the unity between organizational demands and officials ' behaviour was fractured and until this was healed , understanding corporate crime remained crippled .
consequently , the unity between organizational demands and officials ' behaviour was fractured and until this was healed , understanding corporate crime [stayed] crippled .

We stayed at the party till eight o'clock , but many others , including several members of the Union Jack Club , remained to play bridge .
we stayed at the party till eight o'clock , but many others , including several members of the union jack club , [stayed] to play bridge .

But the tone of hatred remained .
but the tone of hatred [stayed] .

And he 's remained an admirer , even though the 28-year-old 's £1million move to Blackburn six months ago has backfired badly .
and he 's [stayed] an admirer , even though the 28-year-old 's £1million move to blackburn six months ago has backfired badly .

His head was cut off , buried on Tower Hill facing France in the belief that so long as it remained there , Britain would be safe from invasion .
his head was cut off , buried on tower hill facing france in the belief that so long as it [stayed] there , britain would be safe from invasion .

The sachets remained unopened and in their possession at all times and the analyst confirmed to police that it was high-grade cocaine .
the sachets [stayed] unopened and in their possession at all times and the analyst confirmed to police that it was high-grade cocaine .

But one thing is quite clear as Jim makes his comeback — those youthful looks have remained intact .
but one thing is quite clear as jim makes his comeback — those youthful looks have [stayed] intact .

Investigations are going on , but a health official said : ‘ The sandwiches were prepared by 10am and often remained on display in a warm room until 10 at night . ’
investigations are going on , but a health official said : ‘ the sandwiches were prepared by 10am and often [stayed] on display in a warm room until 10 at night . ’

The implication of moral blackmail in robbing patient services to pay nurses remained a ghost at the banquet for the media , and for many nurses , who had still to reconcile the jobs they had perhaps been doing for years with the management 's idea of their responsibilities , and the clinical grade to which they aspired .
the implication of moral blackmail in robbing patient services to pay nurses [stayed] a ghost at the banquet for the media , and for many nurses , who had still to reconcile the jobs they had perhaps been doing for years with the management 's idea of their responsibilities , and the clinical grade to which they aspired .

And in the front , where the band had stuck directly to the bare skin , there remained a whole lot of small patches of brown leathery stuff that no amount of washing would get off .
and in the front , where the band had stuck directly to the bare skin , there [stayed] a whole lot of small patches of brown leathery stuff that no amount of washing would get off .

But the fact remained that any five-year-old girl in any family was always obliged to do as she was told , however asinine the orders might be .
but the fact [stayed] that any five-year-old girl in any family was always obliged to do as she was told , however asinine the orders might be .

The class remained quiet , watching her and waiting for what was coming next .
the class [stayed] quiet , watching her and waiting for what was coming next .

The whole room remained silent as a tomb .
the whole room [stayed] silent as a tomb .

After the other children had all disappeared , she remained at her desk , quiet and thoughtful .
after the other children had all disappeared , she [stayed] at her desk , quiet and thoughtful .

The class remained silent and very tense .
the class [stayed] silent and very tense .

While Souness was happy to confirm Grobbelaar 's inclusion , Wilkinson remained cagey about whether new £2m man David Rocastle or 35-year-old midfielder Gordon Strachan would play .
while souness was happy to confirm grobbelaar 's inclusion , wilkinson [stayed] cagey about whether new £2m man david rocastle or 35-year-old midfielder gordon strachan would play .

But the examination board and head teachers say that standards have remained steady .
but the examination board and head teachers say that standards have [stayed] steady .

The Government remained committed to low inflation and would keep to strict public spending limits .
the government [stayed] committed to low inflation and would keep to strict public spending limits .

That 's how things have remained .
that 's how things have [stayed] .

Jane was spending the summer holidays at the seaside with Charles and three-year-old daughter Victoria while her husband remained at the flat in Regent 's Park .
jane was spending the summer holidays at the seaside with charles and three-year-old daughter victoria while her husband [stayed] at the flat in regent 's park .

The women either screamed abuse down the line or remained chillingly silent when their former partners answered .
the women either screamed abuse down the line or [stayed] chillingly silent when their former partners answered .

However , French and Fordham remained optimistic .
however , french and fordham [stayed] optimistic .

And although Big Flame was never an ‘ entryist ’ party-within-a-party , like some of the Trotskyite groups , including Militant Tendency , everyone who had been part of it remained friends .
and although big flame was never an ‘ entryist ’ party-within-a-party , like some of the trotskyite groups , including militant tendency , everyone who had been part of it [stayed] friends .

Although these new contributors were welcomed , the central organization of News on Sunday remained secretive and close-knit .
although these new contributors were welcomed , the central organization of news on sunday [stayed] secretive and close-knit .

All that remained was to get his appointment approved by the comrades .
all that [stayed] was to get his appointment approved by the comrades .

Brian Whitaker , who had been editor of the Insight team , and had remained alone in the old Grays Inn Road Sunday Times building finishing a book on the sinking of Greenpeace 's Rainbow Warrior , brought along his production skills .
brian whitaker , who had been editor of the insight team , and had [stayed] alone in the old grays inn road sunday times building finishing a book on the sinking of greenpeace 's rainbow warrior , brought along his production skills .

But for the moment that remained to be seen , for the jet-setter was about to leave for Australia again to make a three-part film assessing his country on its bicentennial .
but for the moment that [stayed] to be seen , for the jet-setter was about to leave for australia again to make a three-part film assessing his country on its bicentennial .

But whereas Packford had adjusted to the age of new technology and the design possibilities it offered , Sutton remained wedded , at heart , to the old hot-metal approach .
but whereas packford had adjusted to the age of new technology and the design possibilities it offered , sutton [stayed] wedded , at heart , to the old hot-metal approach .

Two sales staff employed in the Watford office remained in that area as their clients were based in the south of the country .
two sales staff employed in the watford office [stayed] in that area as their clients were based in the south of the country .

Of these , 185 remained in employment in pensions offices and sales branches , 120 were lost through natural wastage and 90 opted for redundancy .
of these , 185 [stayed] in employment in pensions offices and sales branches , 120 were lost through natural wastage and 90 opted for redundancy .

The conventions say little or nothing about actual combat , and were seen as supplementary to the 1907 Hague Regulations , which remained in force .
the conventions say little or nothing about actual combat , and were seen as supplementary to the 1907 hague regulations , which [stayed] in force .

For although purporting to provide a degree of public participation in the making of a major policy decision , detailed examination of the institutional machinery provided by the government revealed that it was far from being a neutral forum in which the choice of options remained open until determined by the Inquiry .
for although purporting to provide a degree of public participation in the making of a major policy decision , detailed examination of the institutional machinery provided by the government revealed that it was far from being a neutral forum in which the choice of options [stayed] open until determined by the inquiry .

The devout were long gone , but the Sacred Purpose remained .
the devout were long gone , but the sacred purpose [stayed] .

Otherwise faith could never be assured while one last doubt remained .
otherwise faith could never be assured while one last doubt [stayed] .

No one doubted that the disqualification remained in force so far as clergymen of the Church of England were concerned but the position of clergymen of the Irish Church remained in doubt until the election of one of them , the Rev .
no one doubted that the disqualification [stayed] in force so far as clergymen of the church of england were concerned but the position of clergymen of the irish church [stayed] in doubt until the election of one of them , the rev .

The Union legislation , furthermore , remained to be enacted .
the union legislation , furthermore , [stayed] to be enacted .

If the House of Commons had done so in relation to the allegedly offending provision under review in Pickin 's case , would the provision nevertheless have remained valid ?
if the house of commons had done so in relation to the allegedly offending provision under review in pickin 's case , would the provision nevertheless have [stayed] valid ?

It is another to argue that they have remained non-sovereign , and bound by the terms of union , to this day .
it is another to argue that they have [stayed] non-sovereign , and bound by the terms of union , to this day .

It remained , however , a secret society and the object of parliamentary distrust at least until it was established on its modern footing over a century later .
it [stayed] , however , a secret society and the object of parliamentary distrust at least until it was established on its modern footing over a century later .

Monarchs , nevertheless , remained formally at the centre — the Cabinet was still the King 's Cabinet and the Prime Minister first and foremost only if the monarch declined to attend .
monarchs , nevertheless , [stayed] formally at the centre — the cabinet was still the king 's cabinet and the prime minister first and foremost only if the monarch declined to attend .

While Ollie remained young and non-competitive , there had been no trouble .
while ollie [stayed] young and non-competitive , there had been no trouble .

One would think that an old person would have to be living in an isolated cottage , in the heart of the countryside , to be so out of touch with the world ; but sadly we know from the frequent reports in the newspapers that such tragic loneliness can exist right in the heart of our towns and cities , and that the old have sometimes remained undiscovered for weeks and months after they have died in their own homes .
one would think that an old person would have to be living in an isolated cottage , in the heart of the countryside , to be so out of touch with the world ; but sadly we know from the frequent reports in the newspapers that such tragic loneliness can exist right in the heart of our towns and cities , and that the old have sometimes [stayed] undiscovered for weeks and months after they have died in their own homes .

Despite his many diocesan commitments Father Conlin remained above all a pastoral priest , with an abiding concern for people as individuals , even if this was often hidden by his mischievous sense of humour , it was always recognised by everyone who met him .
despite his many diocesan commitments father conlin [stayed] above all a pastoral priest , with an abiding concern for people as individuals , even if this was often hidden by his mischievous sense of humour , it was always recognised by everyone who met him .

But the Champenois were not unprepared : many houses were able to seal up their cellars ; those wishing to escape German occupation left for southern France , while others remained organising themselves into an effective network of resistance , the extent of which was unknown even to most Champenois .
but the champenois were not unprepared : many houses were able to seal up their cellars ; those wishing to escape german occupation left for southern france , while others [stayed] organising themselves into an effective network of resistance , the extent of which was unknown even to most champenois .

The event was an unprecedented one : Champagne 's grand cru villages remained at twelve for almost forty years .
the event was an unprecedented one : champagne 's grand cru villages [stayed] at twelve for almost forty years .

Gradually the room emptied until the only people who remained besides herself , were the landlord and an old woman asleep on a stool by the far wall .
gradually the room emptied until the only people who [stayed] besides herself , were the landlord and an old woman asleep on a stool by the far wall .

She waited for his answer and when he remained silent , wondered what he must have done .
she waited for his answer and when he [stayed] silent , wondered what he must have done .

He went to the starboard side of the boat and took hold of a broad plank , heaving at it while the Captain remained still and silent , watching .
he went to the starboard side of the boat and took hold of a broad plank , heaving at it while the captain [stayed] still and silent , watching .

Stunned , Jess remained where she was , understanding nothing .
stunned , jess [stayed] where she was , understanding nothing .

The word of thanks that Jess had ready remained unspoken .
the word of thanks that jess had ready [stayed] unspoken .

But always one face remained the same .
but always one face [stayed] the same .

’ Mr Loveitt ignored Jess who remained where she was by the wall .
’ mr loveitt ignored jess who [stayed] where she was by the wall .

Female war artists , however , remained and remain a rarity .
female war artists , however , [stayed] and remain a rarity .

Montgomery remained seated at the gleaming table , and motioned with his hand for Meryl to sit down opposite .
montgomery [stayed] seated at the gleaming table , and motioned with his hand for meryl to sit down opposite .

Her knee grazed against the bark , but her tights remained miraculously intact .
her knee grazed against the bark , but her tights [stayed] miraculously intact .

The paper in front of him remained a virginal white ; Sergeant Bird had the role of scribe .
the paper in front of him [stayed] a virginal white ; sergeant bird had the role of scribe .

There was also a struggle for premises : we were meeting in a home which limited growth and every door we tried to open remained tightly shut .
there was also a struggle for premises : we were meeting in a home which limited growth and every door we tried to open [stayed] tightly shut .

Very few of their non-Christian friends have remained in touch .
very few of their non-christian friends have [stayed] in touch .

There had been a horrible incident recently which must have remained on his mind .
there had been a horrible incident recently which must have [stayed] on his mind .

But West Kensington was an area in between , where people stayed before moving up , or remained only because they were stuck .
but west kensington was an area in between , where people stayed before moving up , or [stayed] only because they were stuck .

The words , in that round childish script , had remained with him .
the words , in that round childish script , had [stayed] with him .

Nothing of the old building remained and the long extension to the bar , dignified by the name Banqueting Hall , provided for the undiscriminating a venue for weddings and local functions and on other nights served a predictable menu of prawns or soup , steak or chicken , and fruit salad with ice-cream .
nothing of the old building [stayed] and the long extension to the bar , dignified by the name banqueting hall , provided for the undiscriminating a venue for weddings and local functions and on other nights served a predictable menu of prawns or soup , steak or chicken , and fruit salad with ice-cream .

Over the next few weeks Avril and Peter , a Royal Mail executive , gradually got to know each other , but they remained just good friends .
over the next few weeks avril and peter , a royal mail executive , gradually got to know each other , but they [stayed] just good friends .

In residential areas average speeds remained at about 30 km/h , which is seen as appropriate for this type of road .
in residential areas average speeds [stayed] at about 30 km/h , which is seen as appropriate for this type of road .

On main roads , the 50 km/h average speed also remained unchanged , an unhelpful but hardly unexpected outcome given the lack of treatment these received roads in the experiments .
on main roads , the 50 km/h average speed also [stayed] unchanged , an unhelpful but hardly unexpected outcome given the lack of treatment these received roads in the experiments .

In fact , information on shared space principles quickly became available in local guides , most obviously in Cheshire , but Roads in Urban Areas , the standard Department of Transport manual from 1966 , remained in use .
in fact , information on shared space principles quickly became available in local guides , most obviously in cheshire , but roads in urban areas , the standard department of transport manual from 1966 , [stayed] in use .

There was little furniture , for most of that was stored in Switzerland , and the few pieces that remained had been damaged beyond repair .
there was little furniture , for most of that was stored in switzerland , and the few pieces that [stayed] had been damaged beyond repair .

He had remained with the company until his eyesight began to fail in the early 1930s ; he had died during the war .
he had [stayed] with the company until his eyesight began to fail in the early 1930s ; he had died during the war .

Not his mother , with whom his relations remained cool and formal .
not his mother , with whom his relations [stayed] cool and formal .

Louise gave an exclamation of displeasure , and Edouard rose to his feet , Grégoire remained absolutely still , looking down at the smashed cup .
louise gave an exclamation of displeasure , and edouard rose to his feet , grégoire [stayed] absolutely still , looking down at the smashed cup .

He heard Hugo 's voice , saying lines of poetry to him that remained with him still : he came to a decision , and wrote to him .
he heard hugo 's voice , saying lines of poetry to him that [stayed] with him still : he came to a decision , and wrote to him .

Then Edouard took her into his bedroom , and they remained there for three days and three nights .
then edouard took her into his bedroom , and they [stayed] there for three days and three nights .

Jed was n't so sure , he did n't like the idea that the future was all decided already and he did n't know anything about it , but he indulged her , and the bloodstains remained , and grew .
jed was n't so sure , he did n't like the idea that the future was all decided already and he did n't know anything about it , but he indulged her , and the bloodstains [stayed] , and grew .

The few guests that remained stood about in small , shocked groups .
the few guests that [stayed] stood about in small , shocked groups .

Eight overs remained , and it was universally known that the bails would be lifted even if the match was still undecided : an extra pressure on everyone , and another silly regulation among cricket 's banana-skins , this one installed pre-tour by the visiting team .
eight overs [stayed] , and it was universally known that the bails would be lifted even if the match was still undecided : an extra pressure on everyone , and another silly regulation among cricket 's banana-skins , this one installed pre-tour by the visiting team .

With the war coming to an end , Crawford did not see overseas service and was able to rejoin his wife , who had remained in Dunedin during his military training .
with the war coming to an end , crawford did not see overseas service and was able to rejoin his wife , who had [stayed] in dunedin during his military training .

And though both were gone by the close — Stewart to just about the only ball to misbehave badly all match — the balance of power remained unaltered , a fact emphasised by Lamb and nightwatchman Russell on the second morning .
and though both were gone by the close — stewart to just about the only ball to misbehave badly all match — the balance of power [stayed] unaltered , a fact emphasised by lamb and nightwatchman russell on the second morning .

While all this was going on , Stewart remained impassive .
while all this was going on , stewart [stayed] impassive .

Net earnings per share remained at $ 0.04 .
net earnings per share [stayed] at $ 0.04 .

All that remained was the unpainted framework between the centre of the painting and its decorated edge .
all that [stayed] was the unpainted framework between the centre of the painting and its decorated edge .

For these reasons , ‘ payment by results ’ has remained anathema to teachers and their professional associations .
for these reasons , ‘ payment by results ’ has [stayed] anathema to teachers and their professional associations .

In the final section you did pay close attention to detail , but it remained only observation of detail .
in the final section you did pay close attention to detail , but it [stayed] only observation of detail .

Net earnings per share remained at $ 0.01 in the quarter .
net earnings per share [stayed] at $ 0.01 in the quarter .

The crouched gnome-like figure remained seated , gazing at the visitor .
the crouched gnome-like figure [stayed] seated , gazing at the visitor .

Frank remained standing as Carver was ushered with a wave of the hand to sit down .
frank [stayed] standing as carver was ushered with a wave of the hand to sit down .

Net earnings per share remained at $ 0.06 in the quarter , and rose by 27.3 % to $ 0.14 in the nine months .
net earnings per share [stayed] at $ 0.06 in the quarter , and rose by 27.3 % to $ 0.14 in the nine months .

Net earnings per share remained at $ 0.01 in the quarter , amounted to $ 0.03 in the nine months .
net earnings per share [stayed] at $ 0.01 in the quarter , amounted to $ 0.03 in the nine months .

Net earnings per share remained at $ 0.13 in the quarter , 162.5 % to $ 0.42 in the nine months .
net earnings per share [stayed] at $ 0.13 in the quarter , 162.5 % to $ 0.42 in the nine months .

The Elves who remained were to found the Wood Elf realms of the Old World .
the elves who [stayed] were to found the wood elf realms of the old world .

On the whole , the Empire 's fortunes were good , and the land remained united despite interludes of disarray .
on the whole , the empire 's fortunes were good , and the land [stayed] united despite interludes of disarray .

It has remained in the temple ever since , and is blown three times on the anniversary of the death of Sigismund as a solemn reminder of the dark days when the Empire was ravaged by Orcs and Altdorf was almost destroyed .
it has [stayed] in the temple ever since , and is blown three times on the anniversary of the death of sigismund as a solemn reminder of the dark days when the empire was ravaged by orcs and altdorf was almost destroyed .

Net earnings per share remained at $ 0.19 in the quarter , 14.3 % to $ 0.40 in the nine months .
net earnings per share [stayed] at $ 0.19 in the quarter , 14.3 % to $ 0.40 in the nine months .

The danger remained acute , however .
the danger [stayed] acute , however .

If manufacturing employment had remained at the 1966 level until 1974 then output would have been higher by 8.6 percent ; but if Britain had matched French or German growth in output per man hour since 1958 then even with the reduction in the labour force the 1974 output level would have been higher by no less than 70 per cent [ Gomulka , 1979 ] .
if manufacturing employment had [stayed] at the 1966 level until 1974 then output would have been higher by 8.6 percent ; but if britain had matched french or german growth in output per man hour since 1958 then even with the reduction in the labour force the 1974 output level would have been higher by no less than 70 per cent [ gomulka , 1979 ] .

Agriculture , the remaining industry to be considered , presents the paradox of being subjected to an enormous apparatus of state regulation while landowners have remained firmly among the leading cadres of the Tory Party .
agriculture , the remaining industry to be considered , presents the paradox of being subjected to an enormous apparatus of state regulation while landowners have [stayed] firmly among the leading cadres of the tory party .

Whilst the form and degree of criticism has changed over the twentieth century , in essence it has remained the same , with similar international contrasts being drawn .
whilst the form and degree of criticism has changed over the twentieth century , in essence it has [stayed] the same , with similar international contrasts being drawn .

But the issue remained unresolved within the Labour Party and was to surface again when it returned to power in the 1960s .
but the issue [stayed] unresolved within the labour party and was to surface again when it returned to power in the 1960s .

Until the early 1960s ‘ free markets ’ , full employment and the maintenance of the value of sterling , remained the central aims [ Shonfield , 1959 ] .
until the early 1960s ‘ free markets ’ , full employment and the maintenance of the value of sterling , [stayed] the central aims [ shonfield , 1959 ] .

In the 6–7 year age group 91 % of boys had retractile prepuces ( a similar figure to that of Gairdner ) , and the incidence of spontaneously retractile foreskins increased yearly until by 17 years only 1 % remained non-retractile .
in the 6–7 year age group 91 % of boys had retractile prepuces ( a similar figure to that of gairdner ) , and the incidence of spontaneously retractile foreskins increased yearly until by 17 years only 1 % [stayed] non-retractile .

It only remained to write everything up in a comprehensive report .
it only [stayed] to write everything up in a comprehensive report .

Net per share remained at $ 0.15 in the quarter , rose 81 % to $ 0.76 in the year .
net per share [stayed] at $ 0.15 in the quarter , rose 81 % to $ 0.76 in the year .

Net per share remained at $ 0.13 in the quarter , rose 1,300 % to $ 0.14 in the year .
net per share [stayed] at $ 0.13 in the quarter , rose 1,300 % to $ 0.14 in the year .

Net earnings per share remained at $ 0.05 in the quarter , and fell 50 % to $ 0.03 in the half .
net earnings per share [stayed] at $ 0.05 in the quarter , and fell 50 % to $ 0.03 in the half .

Net per share , adjusted for a three-for-two stock split paid in April 1993 , remained at $ 0.20 .
net per share , adjusted for a three-for-two stock split paid in april 1993 , [stayed] at $ 0.20 .

Net per share remained at $ 0.01 in the quarter , and amounted to $ 0.04 in the half .
net per share [stayed] at $ 0.01 in the quarter , and amounted to $ 0.04 in the half .

Net earnings per share remained at $ 0.16 in the quarter , rose 29.2 % to $ 0.31 in the half .
net earnings per share [stayed] at $ 0.16 in the quarter , rose 29.2 % to $ 0.31 in the half .

Net earnings per share remained at $ 0.03 .
net earnings per share [stayed] at $ 0.03 .

Net per share remained at $ 0.02 in the quarter .
net per share [stayed] at $ 0.02 in the quarter .

Net earnings per share remained at $ 0.10 .
net earnings per share [stayed] at $ 0.10 .

Net earnings per share remained at $ 0.01 .
net earnings per share [stayed] at $ 0.01 .

Net earnings per share remained at $ 0.18 in the quarter , and rose by 44.7 % to $ 0.55 in the year .
net earnings per share [stayed] at $ 0.18 in the quarter , and rose by 44.7 % to $ 0.55 in the year .

Automatically Joe rose to his feet , although Mick remained seated .
automatically joe rose to his feet , although mick [stayed] seated .

He remained where he was .
he [stayed] where he was .

He remained standing looking up the stairs .
he [stayed] standing looking up the stairs .

They had raised themselves but still remained crouched , and were moving slowly by the hedge towards the tree , when once again Martin 's attention was brought round to the strip of woodland , not by a noise this time , but by a strange feeling of impending danger .
they had raised themselves but still [stayed] crouched , and were moving slowly by the hedge towards the tree , when once again martin 's attention was brought round to the strip of woodland , not by a noise this time , but by a strange feeling of impending danger .

So matters remained until 1940 when war damage forced the Langham to close its doors .
so matters [stayed] until 1940 when war damage forced the langham to close its doors .

He remained at heart a scholar , rising at 5 a.m. each day to keep up with his reading of new books from abroad and often having Continental scholars staying with him , under whose influence he came to have an extreme Reformist attitude to the Mass .
he [stayed] at heart a scholar , rising at 5 a.m. each day to keep up with his reading of new books from abroad and often having continental scholars staying with him , under whose influence he came to have an extreme reformist attitude to the mass .

His fingers and nails were scraped to remove the sacred unction ; a barber shaved what remained of his tonsure , and he was clad in a poor yeoman beadle 's gown .
his fingers and nails were scraped to remove the sacred unction ; a barber shaved what [stayed] of his tonsure , and he was clad in a poor yeoman beadle 's gown .

He remained a student throughout his life , gave stipends to foreign scholars such as Grotius and Casaubon , and used to say that anyone who disturbed him before noon was no true scholar .
he [stayed] a student throughout his life , gave stipends to foreign scholars such as grotius and casaubon , and used to say that anyone who disturbed him before noon was no true scholar .

’ Later , though he was member of a committee of the House of Lords which obtained a confession from Lord Chancellor Bacon of accepting bribes , he remained Bacon 's friend .
’ later , though he was member of a committee of the house of lords which obtained a confession from lord chancellor bacon of accepting bribes , he [stayed] bacon 's friend .

Andrewes , however , was among those who remained to pronounce the divorce .
andrewes , however , was among those who [stayed] to pronounce the divorce .

Andrewes would almost certainly have preferred to have remained at Cambridge as a don , a life for which he was superbly fitted .
andrewes would almost certainly have preferred to have [stayed] at cambridge as a don , a life for which he was superbly fitted .

Had Andrewes remained in Cambridge , his reputation would probably have been unblemished but he would have lacked the stimulus to write the magnificent sermons which he preached at Court ; and he would not willingly have engaged in the controversial writing in which for the first time he set out the Anglican Church 's position in terms which European scholars could respect ; above all his Preces , even had they been written , would not have contained the breadth of experience , and the depth of feeling , based on that experience , which made them treasures of the Church .
had andrewes [stayed] in cambridge , his reputation would probably have been unblemished but he would have lacked the stimulus to write the magnificent sermons which he preached at court ; and he would not willingly have engaged in the controversial writing in which for the first time he set out the anglican church 's position in terms which european scholars could respect ; above all his preces , even had they been written , would not have contained the breadth of experience , and the depth of feeling , based on that experience , which made them treasures of the church .

After graduating , he remained at Trinity College as a Fellow and became a praelector , or Reader , in Rhetoric in the University , lecturing on the classical writers to undergraduates in their first year . In 1620 , at the age of twenty-seven , not without some canvassing , he was elected as Public Orator of the University , a post which he joyfully described in a letter to his stepfather , Sir John Danvers , as
after graduating , he [stayed] at trinity college as a fellow and became a praelector , or reader , in rhetoric in the university , lecturing on the classical writers to undergraduates in their first year . in 1620 , at the age of twenty-seven , not without some canvassing , he was elected as public orator of the university , a post which he joyfully described in a letter to his stepfather , sir john danvers , as

’ She remained miserably at Little Gidding after Nicholas 's death , but finally , when John died , she hysterically demanded to leave for London immediately after the funeral ; without waiting for the weekly coach she departed uncomfortably in a countryman 's wagon .
’ she [stayed] miserably at little gidding after nicholas 's death , but finally , when john died , she hysterically demanded to leave for london immediately after the funeral ; without waiting for the weekly coach she departed uncomfortably in a countryman 's wagon .

When he was released he remained in Wales as a private schoolmaster until he became chaplain and tutor to the family of Lord Carbery in his beautiful house , ‘ Golden Grove ’ , in Carmarthenshire .
when he was released he [stayed] in wales as a private schoolmaster until he became chaplain and tutor to the family of lord carbery in his beautiful house , ‘ golden grove ’ , in carmarthenshire .

Many of the Presbyterian ministers remained in their parishes , however , and conducted their own services .
many of the presbyterian ministers [stayed] in their parishes , however , and conducted their own services .

The Church of England at first remained uninterested , even hostile .
the church of england at first [stayed] uninterested , even hostile .

When the Dutch troops landed and passed through Wells , Ken wrote to James to say that he had withdrawn from his palace , taking his carriage horses lest they be commandeered ; indeed his previous service at William 's court would have caused much embarrassment if he had remained to meet him .
when the dutch troops landed and passed through wells , ken wrote to james to say that he had withdrawn from his palace , taking his carriage horses lest they be commandeered ; indeed his previous service at william 's court would have caused much embarrassment if he had [stayed] to meet him .

Furthermore , all of them , despite on occasions entering states of manifest psychosis , remained sufficiently fluent to articulate their experiences , either in their fiction or in records of their lives , or both .
furthermore , all of them , despite on occasions entering states of manifest psychosis , [stayed] sufficiently fluent to articulate their experiences , either in their fiction or in records of their lives , or both .

This last appointment would have procured for him a secure income and a safe environment for life , had he remained in it .
this last appointment would have procured for him a secure income and a safe environment for life , had he [stayed] in it .

If Smart 's hyperactivity and conviviality were already causing comment — and the mention of Bedlam suggests a degree of exaggeration in these tendencies — at least he had the protection of his College and his friends while he remained in Cambridge .
if smart 's hyperactivity and conviviality were already causing comment — and the mention of bedlam suggests a degree of exaggeration in these tendencies — at least he had the protection of his college and his friends while he [stayed] in cambridge .

He was admitted on 6 May , and remained in the care of Dr William Battie , a distinguished physician and a Cambridge graduate who had himself held the scholarship which Smart held after him .
he was admitted on 6 may , and [stayed] in the care of dr william battie , a distinguished physician and a cambridge graduate who had himself held the scholarship which smart held after him .

He probably did not see his wife or children while he remained there .
he probably did not see his wife or children while he [stayed] there .

On 12 May 1758 he was discharged as incurable , but his name remained on the books , so that he could be re-admitted , but no longer without charge .
on 12 may 1758 he was discharged as incurable , but his name [stayed] on the books , so that he could be re-admitted , but no longer without charge .

It seems that after his discharge he remained in Dr Battie 's care for some time , probably at the doctor 's private residence .
it seems that after his discharge he [stayed] in dr battie 's care for some time , probably at the doctor 's private residence .

It was through one of several friends who had remained loyal to him through the seven years of his ‘ jeopardy ’ , in two asylums , that his release was obtained : apparently Sherratt walked in and removed him from custody .
it was through one of several friends who had [stayed] loyal to him through the seven years of his ‘ jeopardy ’ , in two asylums , that his release was obtained : apparently sherratt walked in and removed him from custody .

Female war artists , however , remained and remain a rarity .
female war artists , however , [stayed] and remain a rarity .

Oil-industry funding for research into sandstone provenance and correlation using heavy-mineral analysis has remained high : a number of projects are funded by oil companies .
oil-industry funding for research into sandstone provenance and correlation using heavy-mineral analysis has [stayed] high : a number of projects are funded by oil companies .

Both Lyall and McGiven have remained at their London homes since coming to Ipswich .
both lyall and mcgiven have [stayed] at their london homes since coming to ipswich .

Brazilian star Jose-Luis Barbosa pushed the Scot in the back on the opening back straight , but McKean remained undeterred as he dominated proceedings from the front .
brazilian star jose-luis barbosa pushed the scot in the back on the opening back straight , but mckean [stayed] undeterred as he dominated proceedings from the front .

Apart from the occasional drunken foray into heterosexual foreplay , we remained within the girls together fold in all other areas of our social and domestic lives .
apart from the occasional drunken foray into heterosexual foreplay , we [stayed] within the girls together fold in all other areas of our social and domestic lives .

The women remained firm that unless the entire order was completed they would not pay for the hot whiskies .
the women [stayed] firm that unless the entire order was completed they would not pay for the hot whiskies .

While this struggle has been in the making , gay men in youth work have remained silent .
while this struggle has been in the making , gay men in youth work have [stayed] silent .

But no mice , shrews or moles remained to be seen .
but no mice , shrews or moles [stayed] to be seen .

But it was back and forth , back and forth , all night long — gathering up the food , rolling it into a ball , pushing the ball to the water … The plucky little hedgehog kept at it until the dog dish was empty and not a scrap remained .
but it was back and forth , back and forth , all night long — gathering up the food , rolling it into a ball , pushing the ball to the water … the plucky little hedgehog kept at it until the dog dish was empty and not a scrap [stayed] .

He remained an active figure in the House until only a week ago .
he [stayed] an active figure in the house until only a week ago .

In the second phase one of the buildings in the compound was replaced , while the other two may have remained in use .
in the second phase one of the buildings in the compound was replaced , while the other two may have [stayed] in use .

For many , life remained at a self-sufficient level in which food was produced with little need to create a surplus .
for many , life [stayed] at a self-sufficient level in which food was produced with little need to create a surplus .

His fate and whereabouts remained unknown until June 1991 , when the Kuwait authorities informed his family that he had been convicted of ‘ collaboration ’ and sentenced to 15 years ' imprisonment .
his fate and whereabouts [stayed] unknown until june 1991 , when the kuwait authorities informed his family that he had been convicted of ‘ collaboration ’ and sentenced to 15 years ' imprisonment .

He remained in prison until 1979 .
he [stayed] in prison until 1979 .

Of the 65 men who had languished in the cells , only 34 remained .
of the 65 men who had languished in the cells , only 34 [stayed] .

However , human rights violations in Tibet have remained uncontrolled and widespread .
however , human rights violations in tibet have [stayed] uncontrolled and widespread .

Originally Wordsworth and Coleridge had invited more English people to accompany them , perhaps envisaging a new Pantisocratic colony ; but Mrs Coleridge and the children had remained behind , Coleridge being accompanied by only one disciple , Chester of Stowey .
originally wordsworth and coleridge had invited more english people to accompany them , perhaps envisaging a new pantisocratic colony ; but mrs coleridge and the children had [stayed] behind , coleridge being accompanied by only one disciple , chester of stowey .

Large areas of the South and West remained untouched by the growth of the manufacturing industries , and in spite of the stimulating effect of the Napoleonic Wars upon certain sections of the economy , most of those who worked on the land steadily became poorer .
large areas of the south and west [stayed] untouched by the growth of the manufacturing industries , and in spite of the stimulating effect of the napoleonic wars upon certain sections of the economy , most of those who worked on the land steadily became poorer .

The whole controversy was surely settled by Coleridge in Biographia Literaria ( 1817 ) , but it has remained a hardy perennial in critical studies of Wordsworth .
the whole controversy was surely settled by coleridge in biographia literaria ( 1817 ) , but it has [stayed] a hardy perennial in critical studies of wordsworth .

Yet ( because of the association of ideas ) , the experience of that day and all its elements , sheep , tree , wall and mist , has remained with him ; he has benefited from it .
yet ( because of the association of ideas ) , the experience of that day and all its elements , sheep , tree , wall and mist , has [stayed] with him ; he has benefited from it .

This was the last day during which the ‘ Tiger ’ convoy remained in reach of Axis air attack , and still bad visibility hampered both attackers and defenders .
this was the last day during which the ‘ tiger ’ convoy [stayed] in reach of axis air attack , and still bad visibility hampered both attackers and defenders .

His willingness to rethink everything aroused the hostility of the left ; but he remained too leftwing for the right , and his shadow cabinet ratings sunk .
his willingness to rethink everything aroused the hostility of the left ; but he [stayed] too leftwing for the right , and his shadow cabinet ratings sunk .

Dr Banda , who led Malawi to independence , remained above the tumult .
dr banda , who led malawi to independence , [stayed] above the tumult .

Several people volunteered for being special constables but Tom remained silent .
several people volunteered for being special constables but tom [stayed] silent .

Willie , meanwhile , not only remained silent during these conversations , but picked his berries slowly so that they might forget that he was there , but he reckoned without Zach .
willie , meanwhile , not only [stayed] silent during these conversations , but picked his berries slowly so that they might forget that he was there , but he reckoned without zach .

He remained silent .
he [stayed] silent .

Sammy , who had sensed Willie 's misery and had until now remained motionless , began to bark and run after his tail .
sammy , who had sensed willie 's misery and had until now [stayed] motionless , began to bark and run after his tail .

Willie remained silent .
willie [stayed] silent .

He had remained subdued for the rest of the evening , glancing at Tom and looking away .
he had [stayed] subdued for the rest of the evening , glancing at tom and looking away .

Nursing may have gone through massive changes in the past years , but the humour — and image of the nurse — appears to have remained remarkably constant ( or stagnant ? )
nursing may have gone through massive changes in the past years , but the humour — and image of the nurse — appears to have [stayed] remarkably constant ( or stagnant ? )

It was stuffy but bearable and , despite his length , large enough , provided he remained crouched in the foetal position ; which meant he nearly gagged from the smell of almonds .
it was stuffy but bearable and , despite his length , large enough , provided he [stayed] crouched in the foetal position ; which meant he nearly gagged from the smell of almonds .

When the selected pile alone remained , he switched on a powerful reading spotlamp above the table , took a jeweller 's loupe from his pocket , a pair of tweezers in his right hand , and held up the first stone to the light .
when the selected pile alone [stayed] , he switched on a powerful reading spotlamp above the table , took a jeweller 's loupe from his pocket , a pair of tweezers in his right hand , and held up the first stone to the light .

They all sat bolt upright in their seats , in business-suits and ties , and remained silent .
they all sat bolt upright in their seats , in business-suits and ties , and [stayed] silent .

Only when every part of the grass verge around the body had been scoured , and the piece of turf actually under the body remained the last to be examined , would Dr Barnard allow human feet to walk on the ground to approach the body .
only when every part of the grass verge around the body had been scoured , and the piece of turf actually under the body [stayed] the last to be examined , would dr barnard allow human feet to walk on the ground to approach the body .

Then a body-bag was laid beside the corpse , and what remained of Simon Cormack was gently lifted from where it lay and placed on the spread-out plastic .
then a body-bag was laid beside the corpse , and what [stayed] of simon cormack was gently lifted from where it lay and placed on the spread-out plastic .

Within the excised matter were the small particles that remained of eight inches of lower spine , which had come straight through the body and the ventral wall to lodge in the front of the jeans .
within the excised matter were the small particles that [stayed] of eight inches of lower spine , which had come straight through the body and the ventral wall to lodge in the front of the jeans .

While he remained shadow home secretary , that was how matters were destined to remain .
while he [stayed] shadow home secretary , that was how matters were destined to remain .

Since then , frequently updated , it has always remained in print .
since then , frequently updated , it has always [stayed] in print .

Appropriately , for one named after a wife-murderer , Mr Punch remained a misogynist to the end .
appropriately , for one named after a wife-murderer , mr punch [stayed] a misogynist to the end .

The eight children from that one family , taken from Orkney in November 1990 , remained in care somewhere on the Scottish mainland .
the eight children from that one family , taken from orkney in november 1990 , [stayed] in care somewhere on the scottish mainland .

They asked again , but he remained adamant .
they asked again , but he [stayed] adamant .

The Quaker mother , who was so astonished by the ignorance of the police when they questioned her about the way she and her family worshipped , said her faith remained strong .
the quaker mother , who was so astonished by the ignorance of the police when they questioned her about the way she and her family worshipped , said her faith [stayed] strong .

Mrs Smith was a wild boar too , yet it was quite easy to differentiate them , as their expressions and personalities remained the same and Mr Smith regarded me kindly with little red eyes through the specs on the end of his snout .
mrs smith was a wild boar too , yet it was quite easy to differentiate them , as their expressions and personalities [stayed] the same and mr smith regarded me kindly with little red eyes through the specs on the end of his snout .

After this , all that remained to wrap up the conference was the Grand Raffle .
after this , all that [stayed] to wrap up the conference was the grand raffle .

Start again , but this time , for the first needle brought to working position on the ribber , select the one that remained out-of-work at the end of the first pattern repeat .
start again , but this time , for the first needle brought to working position on the ribber , select the one that [stayed] out-of-work at the end of the first pattern repeat .

There simply remained the exercise of reuniting this lovely old bird with mother earth .
there simply [stayed] the exercise of reuniting this lovely old bird with mother earth .

The girl eventually was baptised and , significantly , lost her green colouring though she remained ‘ rather loose and wanton in her conduct ’ .
the girl eventually was baptised and , significantly , lost her green colouring though she [stayed] ‘ rather loose and wanton in her conduct ’ .

Hermes ’ musical talent ensured he remained a favourite with the gods , and he was credited with inventing the lyre from a tortoise shell . His mercurial personality was likened to quicksilver , to which was lent his name , according to Hoole 's Ariosto :
hermes ’ musical talent ensured he [stayed] a favourite with the gods , and he was credited with inventing the lyre from a tortoise shell . his mercurial personality was likened to quicksilver , to which was lent his name , according to hoole 's ariosto :

It remained floating for some minutes , with lights burning at the upper windows and people shouting for help , and then finally sank .
it [stayed] floating for some minutes , with lights burning at the upper windows and people shouting for help , and then finally sank .

After the War a few who had married in the island remained , but the majority returned to Gibraltar .
after the war a few who had married in the island [stayed] , but the majority returned to gibraltar .

He was followed by Dr Marcello Caetano , a law professor , who remained in power until the popular Revolution of 1974 when the army overthrew the dictatorship .
he was followed by dr marcello caetano , a law professor , who [stayed] in power until the popular revolution of 1974 when the army overthrew the dictatorship .

It is , however , estimated that between 1835 and 1855 about 40,000 people left Madeira , and between 1890 and 1910 about 38,500 — but the total population of the islands remained constant .
it is , however , estimated that between 1835 and 1855 about 40,000 people left madeira , and between 1890 and 1910 about 38,500 — but the total population of the islands [stayed] constant .

Although the Madeiran knew about the hardships of emigration , it remained an attractive proposition when he saw an emigrant return well dressed , with shoes on his feet , money in his pocket and stories of success .
although the madeiran knew about the hardships of emigration , it [stayed] an attractive proposition when he saw an emigrant return well dressed , with shoes on his feet , money in his pocket and stories of success .

These trees are native of South Africa and in danger of extinction and have remained unchanged since prehistoric times .
these trees are native of south africa and in danger of extinction and have [stayed] unchanged since prehistoric times .

Over the years the weather and man have been responsible for destroying parts of the forested areas and , although some re-afforestation has taken place , large areas have remained depleted for many years .
over the years the weather and man have been responsible for destroying parts of the forested areas and , although some re-afforestation has taken place , large areas have [stayed] depleted for many years .

When this apprenticeship ended , on 11 March 1749 , he remained with the same firm as a clerk .
when this apprenticeship ended , on 11 march 1749 , he [stayed] with the same firm as a clerk .

It is interesting to see the gravestones of the numerous people who came here for a cure for consumptive diseases and remained for ever .
it is interesting to see the gravestones of the numerous people who came here for a cure for consumptive diseases and [stayed] for ever .

The polls have given Neil Kinnock more obvious cause for hope , but even when they were at their briefly euphoric peak last week , he remained soberly satisfied , rather than certain .
the polls have given neil kinnock more obvious cause for hope , but even when they were at their briefly euphoric peak last week , he [stayed] soberly satisfied , rather than certain .

All that remained of him was his cap on Gottwald 's head .
all that [stayed] of him was his cap on gottwald 's head .

Despite a dread of post-tonal anarchy , he remained adamant : ‘ musical imagination ’ predominated ; ‘ soul ’ should rule head .
despite a dread of post-tonal anarchy , he [stayed] adamant : ‘ musical imagination ’ predominated ; ‘ soul ’ should rule head .

Though harmonic signposts remained , the flexibility of Wagner and Debussy had now become a dense maze , difficult to chart .
though harmonic signposts [stayed] , the flexibility of wagner and debussy had now become a dense maze , difficult to chart .

Carter remained loyal to the 1960s ethos , and there 's an elegiac tone to some of these pieces that suggests the necessary work of iconoclasm had already passed into other hands .
carter [stayed] loyal to the 1960s ethos , and there 's an elegiac tone to some of these pieces that suggests the necessary work of iconoclasm had already passed into other hands .

One gun remained in the rack : Frank 's Churchill 12-bore shotgun .
one gun [stayed] in the rack : frank 's churchill 12-bore shotgun .

With England now the enemy , this was inevitably one of the most vulnerable places in the northern kingdom — and indeed had been captured early in the Wars of Independence by Edward Plantagenet and remained in English hands ever since , its garrison readily supplied and reinforced from over the nearby Border .
with england now the enemy , this was inevitably one of the most vulnerable places in the northern kingdom — and indeed had been captured early in the wars of independence by edward plantagenet and [stayed] in english hands ever since , its garrison readily supplied and reinforced from over the nearby border .

When , in time , Mariot announced that she would now seek her couch , and the men rose to stoop their way out of the ingle-neuk , Agnes remained sitting .
when , in time , mariot announced that she would now seek her couch , and the men rose to stoop their way out of the ingle-neuk , agnes [stayed] sitting .

For one thing , there had not been time for the more remotely-seated lords to arrive , if indeed many of them heeded the summons ; and the Balliol supporters , of course , remained absent .
for one thing , there had not been time for the more remotely-seated lords to arrive , if indeed many of them heeded the summons ; and the balliol supporters , of course , [stayed] absent .

Ramsay remained in Berwick , in the Governor 's House , meantime , reluctant to leave until he saw Dunbar duly installed in the castle .
ramsay [stayed] in berwick , in the governor 's house , meantime , reluctant to leave until he saw dunbar duly installed in the castle .

His son admittedly would almost certainly be in less danger as a hostage than if he remained in the town .
his son admittedly would almost certainly be in less danger as a hostage than if he [stayed] in the town .

Much of the Scots army remained nearby .
much of the scots army [stayed] nearby .

Launched in 1939 , the latter remained the Standard Group 's only venture into the Swahili language press and , like the Tanganyika Standard , began as a result of a government initiative .
launched in 1939 , the latter [stayed] the standard group 's only venture into the swahili language press and , like the tanganyika standard , began as a result of a government initiative .

Yet it remained weekly until after independence and was unable to compete on equal terms with the pro-Welensky , pro-Federation daily Northern News .
yet it [stayed] weekly until after independence and was unable to compete on equal terms with the pro-welensky , pro-federation daily northern news .

These have also remained independent of white control .
these have also [stayed] independent of white control .

Moreover , many of those laws on the statute books which empowered colonial administrators to control the printed media remained in force and were used by the new governments after independence .
moreover , many of those laws on the statute books which empowered colonial administrators to control the printed media [stayed] in force and were used by the new governments after independence .

These two , shorn to some extent of their settler and pro-Federation image , grew in circulation and , for a while , the Times of Zambia remained the sole daily paper .
these two , shorn to some extent of their settler and pro-federation image , grew in circulation and , for a while , the times of zambia [stayed] the sole daily paper .

This paper 's remarkable success in increasing sales between 1965 and 1969 not only showed what could be achieved by a powerful sales campaign ( which also brought in advertising at higher rates ) but also indicated that new purchasers of newspapers were not attracted to the party press , whose sales remained relatively stagnant .
this paper 's remarkable success in increasing sales between 1965 and 1969 not only showed what could be achieved by a powerful sales campaign ( which also brought in advertising at higher rates ) but also indicated that new purchasers of newspapers were not attracted to the party press , whose sales [stayed] relatively stagnant .

English language broadcasts remained but were made part of the country 's external radio services .
english language broadcasts [stayed] but were made part of the country 's external radio services .

Thus even in a situation where the public health was threatened by the department 's failings , the department 's major concern remained the interests of foreign capital .
thus even in a situation where the public health was threatened by the department 's failings , the department 's major concern [stayed] the interests of foreign capital .

All that remained , where green fields , valleys and townships were , was a huge gaping black hole .
all that [stayed] , where green fields , valleys and townships were , was a huge gaping black hole .

‘ What happened then ; Was the Earl her father ? ’ Some glimmer of hope still remained ; but the woman 's voice dispelled it .
‘ what happened then ; was the earl her father ? ’ some glimmer of hope still [stayed] ; but the woman 's voice dispelled it .

The ring remained on her finger .
the ring [stayed] on her finger .

At one time Robert had been afraid she would become too tall for the stage , but her height remained ideal at five foot six .
at one time robert had been afraid she would become too tall for the stage , but her height [stayed] ideal at five foot six .

Yet there remained a fierce energy in her , which allowed her , now , her time growing near , to walk the miles from Islington , stride over the rough grass at last with increasing ease .
yet there [stayed] a fierce energy in her , which allowed her , now , her time growing near , to walk the miles from islington , stride over the rough grass at last with increasing ease .

The coach door remained closed ; she rapped on the window , seeing a still figure seated inside .
the coach door [stayed] closed ; she rapped on the window , seeing a still figure seated inside .

There remained Hubert and young Robin .
there [stayed] hubert and young robin .

It remained to be seen what was to be done with Lilian .
it [stayed] to be seen what was to be done with lilian .

Yet the utter transcendence and separation of the Other remained a vital mystical theme : mystics warned their co-religionists against the dangers of human projection and the creation of a new kind of idolatry by confusing ideas , concepts and doctrines of ‘ God ’ or the Absolute with the ineffable Reality itself .
yet the utter transcendence and separation of the other [stayed] a vital mystical theme : mystics warned their co-religionists against the dangers of human projection and the creation of a new kind of idolatry by confusing ideas , concepts and doctrines of ‘ god ’ or the absolute with the ineffable reality itself .

The Goths , the Franks , the Angles and the Saxons had converted to Christianity but in the absence of an effective establishment to instruct them in their faith it inevitably remained superficial .
the goths , the franks , the angles and the saxons had converted to christianity but in the absence of an effective establishment to instruct them in their faith it inevitably [stayed] superficial .

The Trinity has remained the kingpin of Greek and Russian spirituality but in the West it has tended to retreat to the sidelines and many find it an impossible concept : God is seen as One and Jesus often becomes a sort of divine friend in a vision which robs the Christian mystery of much of its transcendent power .
the trinity has [stayed] the kingpin of greek and russian spirituality but in the west it has tended to retreat to the sidelines and many find it an impossible concept : god is seen as one and jesus often becomes a sort of divine friend in a vision which robs the christian mystery of much of its transcendent power .

Later Western mystics remained isolated from the mainstream in their cloisters and , though they may have been regarded as saints , they and their particular religious ideals remained a minority form of Western Christianity .
later western mystics [stayed] isolated from the mainstream in their cloisters and , though they may have been regarded as saints , they and their particular religious ideals [stayed] a minority form of western christianity .

There is something grimly appropriate , further , in the fact that ‘ Ingjaldr , remained a common Norse name for centuries .
there is something grimly appropriate , further , in the fact that ‘ ingjaldr , [stayed] a common norse name for centuries .

Before considering even those issues , however , there is one more very obvious question to ask : which is why Tolkien never saw The Silmarillion into print himself , and why the Unfinished Tales remained unfinished .
before considering even those issues , however , there is one more very obvious question to ask : which is why tolkien never saw the silmarillion into print himself , and why the unfinished tales [stayed] unfinished .

Everything else might be changed by the demands of story and of ratiocination — there are clear differences , for instance , between the accounts of that scene in the 1925 poem ‘ Light as Leaf on Lindentree ’ and in Aragorn 's song on Weathertop — but to the vision itself he remained true , working out from it as from the detailed paintings of Lake Mithrim , Nargothrond , Gondolin , etc .
everything else might be changed by the demands of story and of ratiocination — there are clear differences , for instance , between the accounts of that scene in the 1925 poem ‘ light as leaf on lindentree ’ and in aragorn 's song on weathertop — but to the vision itself he [stayed] true , working out from it as from the detailed paintings of lake mithrim , nargothrond , gondolin , etc .

Some lingering race memory remained though , some pervading conviction common to all Orientals , that this life was but one of many on the great wheel of existence and that reincarnation as someone better endowed or worse ( in his case surely worse ) awaited him .
some lingering race memory [stayed] though , some pervading conviction common to all orientals , that this life was but one of many on the great wheel of existence and that reincarnation as someone better endowed or worse ( in his case surely worse ) awaited him .

Yet the phrase had remained with him , particularly in its darker aspect , the way it appears to most of those who are bound by the puritan ethic , not as a haven to live in and enjoy but as a paradise to be expelled from .
yet the phrase had [stayed] with him , particularly in its darker aspect , the way it appears to most of those who are bound by the puritan ethic , not as a haven to live in and enjoy but as a paradise to be expelled from .

However , only two types of firearms remained , both shot-guns .
however , only two types of firearms [stayed] , both shot-guns .

The Rosses remained tied up over the weekend until discovered by their daily on Monday .
the rosses [stayed] tied up over the weekend until discovered by their daily on monday .

They realized there would be difficulties in discrediting the evidence of Mr Ross 's false identification of Meehan 's voice and of that of the planted pieces of paper , but nonetheless remained optimistic .
they realized there would be difficulties in discrediting the evidence of mr ross 's false identification of meehan 's voice and of that of the planted pieces of paper , but nonetheless [stayed] optimistic .

Unlike Raeder , who was a-political , he was and remained a fervent admirer of Hitler .
unlike raeder , who was a-political , he was and [stayed] a fervent admirer of hitler .

Like all boys of his age , including my own son , he never seemed to get enough to eat , and yet in spite of the bread , pancakes and cake he remained thin and hard with muscle .
like all boys of his age , including my own son , he never seemed to get enough to eat , and yet in spite of the bread , pancakes and cake he [stayed] thin and hard with muscle .

So she remained in her place and someone always had to remain with her .
so she [stayed] in her place and someone always had to remain with her .

It was a highly unpopular Act ; nevertheless it remained on the statute books until 1815 .
it was a highly unpopular act ; nevertheless it [stayed] on the statute books until 1815 .

For the time being the knot at the foot end remained .
for the time being the knot at the foot end [stayed] .

The upper section of the sheet was left parted to expose the features to view and remained so until the time came to secure the lid .
the upper section of the sheet was left parted to expose the features to view and [stayed] so until the time came to secure the lid .

The lid had collapsed on to the remains , the sides had fallen outwards , but the two end pieces remained upright .
the lid had collapsed on to the remains , the sides had fallen outwards , but the two end pieces [stayed] upright .

This would not have served for vaults , and the stamped lead plate remained the more usual item in such instances .
this would not have served for vaults , and the stamped lead plate [stayed] the more usual item in such instances .

Towards the end of the eighteenth century both pewter and pure tin — natural or silvered — were also being used , though the nobility appear to have remained loyal to brass , it being more convenient for the engraver to work , especially if one 's coat-of-arms was to appear on it .
towards the end of the eighteenth century both pewter and pure tin — natural or silvered — were also being used , though the nobility appear to have [stayed] loyal to brass , it being more convenient for the engraver to work , especially if one 's coat-of-arms was to appear on it .

The record was anyway there : three world championships , twenty-seven grand prix wins — a record that remained untouched for fourteen years until Alain Prost finally beat it — and a meteoric career .
the record was anyway there : three world championships , twenty-seven grand prix wins — a record that [stayed] untouched for fourteen years until alain prost finally beat it — and a meteoric career .

But Colin remained , in Emerson 's own account , very twitchy : winning meant a great deal to him , he was the arch-competitor and in a way he also wanted to take revenge on a track which had both hurt and humiliated him .
but colin [stayed] , in emerson 's own account , very twitchy : winning meant a great deal to him , he was the arch-competitor and in a way he also wanted to take revenge on a track which had both hurt and humiliated him .

Even when the change had been made , in the nick of time , the questions remained in Emerson 's mind : would the engine work ? Would the fuel go through satisfactorily ? Would the cockpit be full of fumes ?
even when the change had been made , in the nick of time , the questions [stayed] in emerson 's mind : would the engine work ? would the fuel go through satisfactorily ? would the cockpit be full of fumes ?

One race remained , and that too was on a new and unknown track : at Estoril in Portugal .
one race [stayed] , and that too was on a new and unknown track : at estoril in portugal .

As the season moved on , the Lotus continued to improve , but its engine remained unreliable and Mario began to have doubts about Lotus .
as the season moved on , the lotus continued to improve , but its engine [stayed] unreliable and mario began to have doubts about lotus .

Marie remained at L'Auberge because she felt that although Norman , the new chef , was qualified and experienced , he needed to be shown her way of doing things .
marie [stayed] at l'auberge because she felt that although norman , the new chef , was qualified and experienced , he needed to be shown her way of doing things .

It remained in private hands until the early 1950s , when it was bought by owner-manager James Edgar and converted into a hotel .
it [stayed] in private hands until the early 1950s , when it was bought by owner-manager james edgar and converted into a hotel .

The proportions of managed to tenanted houses has remained roughly constant for the past ten years .
the proportions of managed to tenanted houses has [stayed] roughly constant for the past ten years .

Of those , 47 companies were family controlled , and family influence remained considerable in a further 17 ( source : British Drink Profile , Halliday Associates , 1979 ) .
of those , 47 companies were family controlled , and family influence [stayed] considerable in a further 17 ( source : british drink profile , halliday associates , 1979 ) .

He saw action in the Pacific , was wounded and was awarded the Purple Heart , and always remained very proud of his Marine background .
he saw action in the pacific , was wounded and was awarded the purple heart , and always [stayed] very proud of his marine background .

When he appeared in the play The Hunting of the Snark at the Royal Albert Hall before the Duchess of York in 1987 , he remained sober .
when he appeared in the play the hunting of the snark at the royal albert hall before the duchess of york in 1987 , he [stayed] sober .

He tore it up , and they all remained good friends until the day the publican died .
he tore it up , and they all [stayed] good friends until the day the publican died .

He remained there until he died on 18 January 1923 , aged thirty .
he [stayed] there until he died on 18 january 1923 , aged thirty .

He was lucky not to get a prison sentence and claims that since that time he has remained sober .
he was lucky not to get a prison sentence and claims that since that time he has [stayed] sober .

And , apart from a brief marriage much earlier , Sammy Davis Jnr remained single until his marriage in 1960 to Swedish actress May Britt .
and , apart from a brief marriage much earlier , sammy davis jnr [stayed] single until his marriage in 1960 to swedish actress may britt .

Yet over one thing Edna had remained consistently reticent .
yet over one thing edna had [stayed] consistently reticent .

She was unaware how long she remained where she was until coldness forced her to look at her watch .
she was unaware how long she [stayed] where she was until coldness forced her to look at her watch .

Yet she remained stubbornly pregnant .
yet she [stayed] stubbornly pregnant .

But she could still recall , quite vividly , how it had been when she and Tom had married , just as soon as he had been able to dispense with his crutches : their brief but ecstatic honeymoon , the way he had so gently and expertly initiated her into the pleasures of sex and how , in spite of all his subsequent straying , she had remained faithful , forgiving and in love with him , in her own way , right to the end .
but she could still recall , quite vividly , how it had been when she and tom had married , just as soon as he had been able to dispense with his crutches : their brief but ecstatic honeymoon , the way he had so gently and expertly initiated her into the pleasures of sex and how , in spite of all his subsequent straying , she had [stayed] faithful , forgiving and in love with him , in her own way , right to the end .

Mostly , she remained an invalid , irritable , on edge and defensive , becoming panic-stricken if the slightest attempt was made to get her away from the house .
mostly , she [stayed] an invalid , irritable , on edge and defensive , becoming panic-stricken if the slightest attempt was made to get her away from the house .

On each of her periods at Hillmarden he had still clung to the faint hope that she was improving , only to find at the end of a week or a fortnight she had made no progress at all and that when Harry — good baby that he was — occasionally cried , this was enough to make Celia so distraught that Brian was forced to accept that it was better for all concerned if mother and baby remained parted .
on each of her periods at hillmarden he had still clung to the faint hope that she was improving , only to find at the end of a week or a fortnight she had made no progress at all and that when harry — good baby that he was — occasionally cried , this was enough to make celia so distraught that brian was forced to accept that it was better for all concerned if mother and baby [stayed] parted .

She remained silent for a while , evidently turning something over in her mind .
she [stayed] silent for a while , evidently turning something over in her mind .

Kirov had already prepared that preliminary , and it remained alone , and somewhat nebulous .
kirov had already prepared that preliminary , and it [stayed] alone , and somewhat nebulous .

His home remained inviolate ; his cover stood undetected .
his home [stayed] inviolate ; his cover stood undetected .

Another day had passed in which he had remained safe and untroubled by the authorities .
another day had passed in which he had [stayed] safe and untroubled by the authorities .

Techniques of interrogation and espionage improved and became more sophisticated every day — yet still the old methods remained as effective as they ever had .
techniques of interrogation and espionage improved and became more sophisticated every day — yet still the old methods [stayed] as effective as they ever had .

Kirov remained silent .
kirov [stayed] silent .

He went straight to the nearest bar , where he remained until just after midnight .
he went straight to the nearest bar , where he [stayed] until just after midnight .

Nevertheless , he remained crouched on the ground for several seconds before dragging himself to his feet .
nevertheless , he [stayed] crouched on the ground for several seconds before dragging himself to his feet .

Life was a continuous thread ; snap it , and mindless instinct remained , with no direction or purpose .
life was a continuous thread ; snap it , and mindless instinct [stayed] , with no direction or purpose .

To a casual observer , he was at peace , yet the tension in his body remained only just dormant , simmering uneasily below explosion point .
to a casual observer , he was at peace , yet the tension in his body [stayed] only just dormant , simmering uneasily below explosion point .

His body remained stiff and taut , even though he wanted to tremble violently .
his body [stayed] stiff and taut , even though he wanted to tremble violently .

Still Vologsky remained rigid , his blank face giving nothing away .
still vologsky [stayed] rigid , his blank face giving nothing away .

With a great effort , he remained still and silent .
with a great effort , he [stayed] still and silent .

The leaves remained on the lawn .
the leaves [stayed] on the lawn .

Precisely four-fifths of the yeomen owned land , but even though this was far more widely diffused than in Rutland there remained a marked contrast between them and the husbandmen , of whom rather less than half were freeholders .
precisely four-fifths of the yeomen owned land , but even though this was far more widely diffused than in rutland there [stayed] a marked contrast between them and the husbandmen , of whom rather less than half were freeholders .

Fiscally it signified little , for the total tax liability ( inclusive of the loan payment ) remained unaltered at 20 per cent , though there is the important social difference that from this point the proportion of subsidy assessments on landed incomes increases sharply .
fiscally it signified little , for the total tax liability ( inclusive of the loan payment ) [stayed] unaltered at 20 per cent , though there is the important social difference that from this point the proportion of subsidy assessments on landed incomes increases sharply .

The Norfolk worsted manufacture , unique in having spread from Norwich to an arable farming district , had always remained dispersed in small units without great clothiers and had never recovered from its recession in the previous century .
the norfolk worsted manufacture , unique in having spread from norwich to an arable farming district , had always [stayed] dispersed in small units without great clothiers and had never recovered from its recession in the previous century .

At the same time , some remained in essence overgrown villages resulting from the establishment of rural industry .
at the same time , some [stayed] in essence overgrown villages resulting from the establishment of rural industry .

Places as diverse as Petworth , Birmingham and Manchester remained manors .
places as diverse as petworth , birmingham and manchester [stayed] manors .

Markets and fairs remained perquisites of the manor even at Lewes , the capital of East Sussex , where otherwise a rudimentary form of self-government was well established .
markets and fairs [stayed] perquisites of the manor even at lewes , the capital of east sussex , where otherwise a rudimentary form of self-government was well established .

Kerseys were made at Midhurst and Petworth and leather workers were prominent in Horsham , one of the most flourishing towns in the Weald of Sussex , as well as a prime example of a town which , despite an outstanding rate of economic growth since the last general fiscal revaluation in 1334 , remained unplaced in the national league table ( see Table 2.7 ) .
kerseys were made at midhurst and petworth and leather workers were prominent in horsham , one of the most flourishing towns in the weald of sussex , as well as a prime example of a town which , despite an outstanding rate of economic growth since the last general fiscal revaluation in 1334 , [stayed] unplaced in the national league table ( see table 2.7 ) .

Nonetheless , in the 1520s Newbury 's position in south-west Berkshire remained unchallenged .
nonetheless , in the 1520s newbury 's position in south-west berkshire [stayed] unchallenged .

Away from Stroudwater the industry seems rather to have remained in the hands of independent craftsmen : in eight places where cloth was made , the structure of wealth resembled what was commonly found in parts where it had not taken root , with perhaps three of the four £100 men belonging to the gentry .
away from stroudwater the industry seems rather to have [stayed] in the hands of independent craftsmen : in eight places where cloth was made , the structure of wealth resembled what was commonly found in parts where it had not taken root , with perhaps three of the four £100 men belonging to the gentry .

Since work was not put out to rural artificers , clothmaking remained craft-based .
since work was not put out to rural artificers , clothmaking [stayed] craft-based .

Designed to nip in the bud any incipient growth in villages , it was successful , so far as the city was concerned , probably because it did no more than sanction the existing situation , even though in the fifteenth century the trade had flourished at Hartlebury , which remained an important centre of the specialised craft of fulling .
designed to nip in the bud any incipient growth in villages , it was successful , so far as the city was concerned , probably because it did no more than sanction the existing situation , even though in the fifteenth century the trade had flourished at hartlebury , which [stayed] an important centre of the specialised craft of fulling .

This enabled the establishment of a critical position in relation to science which for Adorno remained so elusive .
this enabled the establishment of a critical position in relation to science which for adorno [stayed] so elusive .

Over against the German army or the Vichy government , where social generality ruled , as it does in all machines of state , the Resistance offered the rare phenomenon of historical action which remained personal .
over against the german army or the vichy government , where social generality ruled , as it does in all machines of state , the resistance offered the rare phenomenon of historical action which [stayed] personal .

In certain respects Foucault always remained close to the general positions from which Althusser worked , particularly in relation to the influence of Bachelard and his scepticism towards progressivist and homogeneous histories .
in certain respects foucault always [stayed] close to the general positions from which althusser worked , particularly in relation to the influence of bachelard and his scepticism towards progressivist and homogeneous histories .

Yet despite the amount of money generated in the region , it has remained largely impervious to the attempts of local companies to establish computer retail operations .
yet despite the amount of money generated in the region , it has [stayed] largely impervious to the attempts of local companies to establish computer retail operations .

The newly developing notions of individualism , associated with the rise of capitalism and with the successive struggles of men to become citizens of their state , excluded women who remained non-persons .
the newly developing notions of individualism , associated with the rise of capitalism and with the successive struggles of men to become citizens of their state , excluded women who [stayed] non-persons .

Despite some legal reforms important features of women 's position remained unchanged .
despite some legal reforms important features of women 's position [stayed] unchanged .

The ideology of what it was proper for women to do remained largely untouched .
the ideology of what it was proper for women to do [stayed] largely untouched .

This ideology remained unchanged because the institution of the family remained substantially unchanged and the ideology was necessary for its legitimation and maintenance in that form .
this ideology [stayed] unchanged because the institution of the family [stayed] substantially unchanged and the ideology was necessary for its legitimation and maintenance in that form .

Despite some changes in the family , such as the decline in the size of the nuclear family and its increasing distance from public life , the essential assumption that the major task of women was to serve a husband , bear and rear his children remained .
despite some changes in the family , such as the decline in the size of the nuclear family and its increasing distance from public life , the essential assumption that the major task of women was to serve a husband , bear and rear his children [stayed] .

The remarkable correlation remained a mystery , because the hedgerow thirty yards ahead of the two horsemen exploded with musket-fire and the Lieutenant 's horse collapsed , shot in the chest .
the remarkable correlation [stayed] a mystery , because the hedgerow thirty yards ahead of the two horsemen exploded with musket-fire and the lieutenant 's horse collapsed , shot in the chest .

He remembered how fondly Jane had said farewell after her anger had abated , and the memory made him lift his hand to see , in the first creeping light of dawn , the small smear of rouge that still remained on his forefinger .
he remembered how fondly jane had said farewell after her anger had abated , and the memory made him lift his hand to see , in the first creeping light of dawn , the small smear of rouge that still [stayed] on his forefinger .

The Mayor of Bedford for the time being was always to be an additional director and at the time of the meeting the Mayor was John Wing , who had been sworn in on 29th September 1793 , and served for one year , after which he remained as one of the aldermen .
the mayor of bedford for the time being was always to be an additional director and at the time of the meeting the mayor was john wing , who had been sworn in on 29th september 1793 , and served for one year , after which he [stayed] as one of the aldermen .

The ‘ deserving ’ poor , and the aged who had homes , remained eligible for out-relief .
the ‘ deserving ’ poor , and the aged who had homes , [stayed] eligible for out-relief .

( According to the local newspaper , the looms remained in the large room at the North Wing until near the end of the nineteenth century . )
( according to the local newspaper , the looms [stayed] in the large room at the north wing until near the end of the nineteenth century . )

And so the House of Industry became the workhouse for the whole union ; it remained the property of the Board of Directors , who let the building and the front garden to the Poor Law Guardians for £280 per annum .
and so the house of industry became the workhouse for the whole union ; it [stayed] the property of the board of directors , who let the building and the front garden to the poor law guardians for £280 per annum .

In the event , Mr. Blower remained in office , as did Mr. Chapman , the master , each at a salary of £50 per annum .
in the event , mr. blower [stayed] in office , as did mr. chapman , the master , each at a salary of £50 per annum .

His pleas evidently remained unanswered , but Dr .
his pleas evidently [stayed] unanswered , but dr .

However , ‘ he remained in heart a clergyman to the end of his days ’ .
however , ‘ he [stayed] in heart a clergyman to the end of his days ’ .

Dean Pollard was continued in his post , Mr. Chaplin remained master , and his wife stayed on as matron and superintendent-nurse .
dean pollard was continued in his post , mr. chaplin [stayed] master , and his wife stayed on as matron and superintendent-nurse .

Unemployment remained high , and it was estimated that at any one time at least a million men were without work .
unemployment [stayed] high , and it was estimated that at any one time at least a million men were without work .

Six months remained for the building to be finished .
six months [stayed] for the building to be finished .

Doubts about the son 's ability to ensure that this bequest remained intact in the face of other claimants may have led his co-trustees to start the legal action .
doubts about the son 's ability to ensure that this bequest [stayed] intact in the face of other claimants may have led his co-trustees to start the legal action .

Smashing through the few Night Goblins that remained to oppose them , Duregar and Belegar headed west .
smashing through the few night goblins that [stayed] to oppose them , duregar and belegar headed west .

The realisation of this aim has remained elusive ; in all societies the children of the powerful do better than those of the powerless .
the realisation of this aim has [stayed] elusive ; in all societies the children of the powerful do better than those of the powerless .

Some resisted outright and a few , Kingston upon Thames for example , remained in their pre-1965 form more than 20 years after the Crosland circular .
some resisted outright and a few , kingston upon thames for example , [stayed] in their pre-1965 form more than 20 years after the crosland circular .

In the room where the guards must have remained , there were no clues , no cigarette butts , no sign of anyone having ever been there .
in the room where the guards must have [stayed] , there were no clues , no cigarette butts , no sign of anyone having ever been there .

For a long time the type remained quite insignificant , but in recent years the increasing attention has added many new varieties , and a few miniature standards are also now available .
for a long time the type [stayed] quite insignificant , but in recent years the increasing attention has added many new varieties , and a few miniature standards are also now available .

Those that remained awake became sluggish and temperamental , and their riders became reluctant to use their mounts save in times of direst need .
those that [stayed] awake became sluggish and temperamental , and their riders became reluctant to use their mounts save in times of direst need .

Though close kin to those who would follow the dark paths the folk of Tiranoc remained loyal to their Elven heritage and paid a dreadful price .
though close kin to those who would follow the dark paths the folk of tiranoc [stayed] loyal to their elven heritage and paid a dreadful price .

Morvael remained in the Shrine of Asuryan awaiting the outcome of the battle .
morvael [stayed] in the shrine of asuryan awaiting the outcome of the battle .

Despite these very significant shortcomings , the idea of the ‘ free ’ press remained ( as it still remains ) a real and vital concept .
despite these very significant shortcomings , the idea of the ‘ free ’ press [stayed] ( as it still remains ) a real and vital concept .

As a result , the social responsibility theory was born ; newspapers remained the property of their owners , they could still be bought and sold in the marketplace , but owners and newspapers were now credited with obligations to society — obligations to provide information , to allow a diversity of views to be printed , to encourage the best and most professional of journalistic activity so as to pursue truth and knowledge ( Table 2.1 ) .
as a result , the social responsibility theory was born ; newspapers [stayed] the property of their owners , they could still be bought and sold in the marketplace , but owners and newspapers were now credited with obligations to society — obligations to provide information , to allow a diversity of views to be printed , to encourage the best and most professional of journalistic activity so as to pursue truth and knowledge ( table 2.1 ) .

Despite the growing independence of the press from political parties , vestiges of 19th century practices remained as politicians persisted in summoning newspapers to their side of the political battle by whatever means possible .
despite the growing independence of the press from political parties , vestiges of 19th century practices [stayed] as politicians persisted in summoning newspapers to their side of the political battle by whatever means possible .

The hierarchical nature of news organizations — both as a chain of command and as an information processing organization — ensured that the power centre remained well removed from the specialist correspondents .
the hierarchical nature of news organizations — both as a chain of command and as an information processing organization — ensured that the power centre [stayed] well removed from the specialist correspondents .

They remained in control over the means of mass communications but those whose work or views they had long ignored were now clamouring for access .
they [stayed] in control over the means of mass communications but those whose work or views they had long ignored were now clamouring for access .

While they remained relatively free to organise their own practices , they had little power to influence recruitment , selection , training and licensing .
while they [stayed] relatively free to organise their own practices , they had little power to influence recruitment , selection , training and licensing .

The pages of the Law Society Gazette in the late sixties and early seventies suggest that the conspirators included such august bodies as the British Broadcasting Corporation , Her Majesty 's Government , the political left and right , the popular press , university academics and ‘ certain quarters ’ which remained unspecified .
the pages of the law society gazette in the late sixties and early seventies suggest that the conspirators included such august bodies as the british broadcasting corporation , her majesty 's government , the political left and right , the popular press , university academics and ‘ certain quarters ’ which [stayed] unspecified .

Mortgages became difficult to obtain , house prices stopped rising , commercial properties remained vacant and the economic squeeze began to hurt the profession .
mortgages became difficult to obtain , house prices stopped rising , commercial properties [stayed] vacant and the economic squeeze began to hurt the profession .

Acton 's vision of a final version of history became impossible long ago simply for practical reasons , even had it remained intellectually acceptable .
acton 's vision of a final version of history became impossible long ago simply for practical reasons , even had it [stayed] intellectually acceptable .

The Dual Monarchy also ruled Bosnia and Herzegovina although they remained formally under Ottoman sovereignty .
the dual monarchy also ruled bosnia and herzegovina although they [stayed] formally under ottoman sovereignty .

The problems of bulk transport had been solved before 1880 , with the coming of the steamship and the railway , and it only remained to spread and perfect them .
the problems of bulk transport had been solved before 1880 , with the coming of the steamship and the railway , and it only [stayed] to spread and perfect them .

Germany 's progress in oceanic commerce was especially rapid , but Great Britain remained the greatest international carrier .
germany 's progress in oceanic commerce was especially rapid , but great britain [stayed] the greatest international carrier .

As an economic system , Europe , in spite of its internal contrasts and competition , remained a unity down to 1914 .
as an economic system , europe , in spite of its internal contrasts and competition , [stayed] a unity down to 1914 .

Yet in one sense even the United States might be said to have been part of an economic system controlled by Europe down to 1914 in that she remained a capital-importing nation , and that capital came from Europe .
yet in one sense even the united states might be said to have been part of an economic system controlled by europe down to 1914 in that she [stayed] a capital-importing nation , and that capital came from europe .

Although standards of living rose in the advanced countries , the economic gap between élite and mass remained everywhere enormous .
although standards of living rose in the advanced countries , the economic gap between élite and mass [stayed] everywhere enormous .

Sweating remained , child labour survived , and reformers could still find terrible poverty to expose , but improving conditions meant rising expectations , even though these were at first limited to a few .
sweating [stayed] , child labour survived , and reformers could still find terrible poverty to expose , but improving conditions meant rising expectations , even though these were at first limited to a few .

If France remained without an ally who could force Germany to fight on two fronts she would find it impossible to match German numbers because of the difference in the birthrate of the two nations .
if france [stayed] without an ally who could force germany to fight on two fronts she would find it impossible to match german numbers because of the difference in the birthrate of the two nations .

But it was also true that Great Britain could only view events in Europe with detachment or indifference if the balance of power there remained undisturbed .
but it was also true that great britain could only view events in europe with detachment or indifference if the balance of power there [stayed] undisturbed .

The outlook remained gloomy well into 1887 .
the outlook [stayed] gloomy well into 1887 .

In the New Temple Period , the towns remained important foci for large areas .
in the new temple period , the towns [stayed] important foci for large areas .

In the Minoan period he remained subordinate to his goddess , but at its end , as Zeus , he became much more important ; his original Minoan name , Velchanos , seems to have endured into the classical period as one of the titles attributed to Zeus on Crete .
in the minoan period he [stayed] subordinate to his goddess , but at its end , as zeus , he became much more important ; his original minoan name , velchanos , seems to have endured into the classical period as one of the titles attributed to zeus on crete .

Many such questions have remained unasked by professional ethologists , because of the inhibitory influence of behaviourism — and even of the founding fathers of ethology , who were anxious to avoid sentimental anthropomorphism .
many such questions have [stayed] unasked by professional ethologists , because of the inhibitory influence of behaviourism — and even of the founding fathers of ethology , who were anxious to avoid sentimental anthropomorphism .

For many millions of years , through the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods , primitive mammals coexisted with dinosaurs , but remained low in diversity and small in size .
for many millions of years , through the jurassic and cretaceous periods , primitive mammals coexisted with dinosaurs , but [stayed] low in diversity and small in size .

In contrast , the Australian marsupial fauna has remained isolated by sea and not until late Tertiary times , when Australia-New Guinea had moved close to the Indonesian islands , was even limited and chance colonisation possible of Asian placentals across small water barriers ( Whitmore , 1981 ) .
in contrast , the australian marsupial fauna has [stayed] isolated by sea and not until late tertiary times , when australia-new guinea had moved close to the indonesian islands , was even limited and chance colonisation possible of asian placentals across small water barriers ( whitmore , 1981 ) .

It is not known whether Lady Tynte investigated just what had happened to the bird 's genitalia but subsequent studies of female pheasants showing similar transvestite tendencies revealed that only sexual differences developing at or after puberty were affected and that the reproductive organs themselves remained unaltered ( Yarrell , 1827 ) .
it is not known whether lady tynte investigated just what had happened to the bird 's genitalia but subsequent studies of female pheasants showing similar transvestite tendencies revealed that only sexual differences developing at or after puberty were affected and that the reproductive organs themselves [stayed] unaltered ( yarrell , 1827 ) .

She was at least the image of an injured Stealer , blackened and fused by fire , one which had lost some appendages , perhaps lasered off , perhaps in an explosion ; a Stealer which still remained very much alive and able to use its deadly main claws .
she was at least the image of an injured stealer , blackened and fused by fire , one which had lost some appendages , perhaps lasered off , perhaps in an explosion ; a stealer which still [stayed] very much alive and able to use its deadly main claws .

Soon only ruin , death and injury remained .
soon only ruin , death and injury [stayed] .

His companions ' heads remained bowed .
his companions ' heads [stayed] bowed .

Of the nearby cities , Kefalov alone had remained unpolluted and unwrecked .
of the nearby cities , kefalov alone had [stayed] unpolluted and unwrecked .

If the brain was letting off steam and smoke into the sky while filth flowed down its flanks , it remained a pressure vessel of packed humanity , a vat of frustrations , oppressions and twisted longings .
if the brain was letting off steam and smoke into the sky while filth flowed down its flanks , it [stayed] a pressure vessel of packed humanity , a vat of frustrations , oppressions and twisted longings .

Such would die too , along with many good priests . Was the cause sound enough , when the true nature of the hydra remained so opaque and ambiguous ?
such would die too , along with many good priests . was the cause sound enough , when the true nature of the hydra [stayed] so opaque and ambiguous ?

Suits and weapons remained adrift .
suits and weapons [stayed] adrift .

The entity remained inert within the trunk yet could still restore what was taken .
the entity [stayed] inert within the trunk yet could still restore what was taken .

The point to stress is that rights which we now tend to regard as unquestionable were bones of serious contention in the past , and , like present-day calls for the return of capital punishment , might well have remained so .
the point to stress is that rights which we now tend to regard as unquestionable were bones of serious contention in the past , and , like present-day calls for the return of capital punishment , might well have [stayed] so .

Deng , however , showed very early on that he remained loyal to Marxist-Leninist-Maoist thought and the centrality of the party .
deng , however , showed very early on that he [stayed] loyal to marxist-leninist-maoist thought and the centrality of the party .

Whether the central role of the party and concentration of power at the top of the political hierarchy would be changed as reforms were carried out remained to be seen .
whether the central role of the party and concentration of power at the top of the political hierarchy would be changed as reforms were carried out [stayed] to be seen .

Strong elements of patriotism remained a characteristic feature of Chinese youth .
strong elements of patriotism [stayed] a characteristic feature of chinese youth .

Education had been labelled by some leading party members as the ‘ fifth modernisation ’ ( not democracy as political activists insisted ) , yet the lessons remained traditional .
education had been labelled by some leading party members as the ‘ fifth modernisation ’ ( not democracy as political activists insisted ) , yet the lessons [stayed] traditional .

The December demonstrations were called off and order on the campuses was restored , but the underlying issues and grievances remained .
the december demonstrations were called off and order on the campuses was restored , but the underlying issues and grievances [stayed] .

Deng Xiaoping remained the supreme leader , but his popularity had slipped further .
deng xiaoping [stayed] the supreme leader , but his popularity had slipped further .

Feudalistic China remained locked in the past and bore the seeds of its own decline , eventually being overpowered and nearly destroyed by the blue ' cultures .
feudalistic china [stayed] locked in the past and bore the seeds of its own decline , eventually being overpowered and nearly destroyed by the blue ' cultures .

But for many Chinese people he remained a great leader who , in spite of mistakes later in life , had led China into a new era .
but for many chinese people he [stayed] a great leader who , in spite of mistakes later in life , had led china into a new era .

The student population was well-informed of the economic and social crises facing the country , but their own problems remained uppermost in their minds .
the student population was well-informed of the economic and social crises facing the country , but their own problems [stayed] uppermost in their minds .

They could earn far more money in these positions than if they remained inside the universities , be assured of good meals daily and sometimes also have accommodation provided .
they could earn far more money in these positions than if they [stayed] inside the universities , be assured of good meals daily and sometimes also have accommodation provided .

He remained there briefly before another outbreak of trouble .
he [stayed] there briefly before another outbreak of trouble .

When he had remained in his bed to at least 6.30am he was praised and given a big mug of chocolate .
when he had [stayed] in his bed to at least 6.30am he was praised and given a big mug of chocolate .

The sky remained clear and the first starts of the evening were already apparent in the inky space above our heads .
the sky [stayed] clear and the first starts of the evening were already apparent in the inky space above our heads .

Sustad is phlegmatic and observes the irony that Bettembourg had remained in Chamonix when he had intended accompanying the expedition .
sustad is phlegmatic and observes the irony that bettembourg had [stayed] in chamonix when he had intended accompanying the expedition .

Shoulthwaite Ghyll remained in a very good condition for a surprisingly long period .
shoulthwaite ghyll [stayed] in a very good condition for a surprisingly long period .

All that remained for theory was to explore the details of determination while avoiding the tendency of bourgeois ideology to obscure determination by the material base .
all that [stayed] for theory was to explore the details of determination while avoiding the tendency of bourgeois ideology to obscure determination by the material base .

But of the endless numbers that had always grown there , only a few dozen remained .
but of the endless numbers that had always grown there , only a few dozen [stayed] .

Dickens 's genius lies in his ability to show , in his novels , the social connections which would otherwise have remained buried .
dickens 's genius lies in his ability to show , in his novels , the social connections which would otherwise have [stayed] buried .

He remained on trial after jobless Smith and student Winter were cleared of involvement on Tuesday .
he [stayed] on trial after jobless smith and student winter were cleared of involvement on tuesday .

‘ But they have always said that the Queen has remained very friendly and helpful to Diana through her illness and her marriage problems .
‘ but they have always said that the queen has [stayed] very friendly and helpful to diana through her illness and her marriage problems .

He moved into a flat 100 yards away and remained a frequent visitor .
he moved into a flat 100 yards away and [stayed] a frequent visitor .

The decision was a victory for the Director of Public Prosecutions Barbara Mills , whose department faced an administrative headache if the appeal floodgates had remained open .
the decision was a victory for the director of public prosecutions barbara mills , whose department faced an administrative headache if the appeal floodgates had [stayed] open .

‘ The marriage only lasted a few weeks , but he and Carol remained friends .
‘ the marriage only lasted a few weeks , but he and carol [stayed] friends .

Although many measures have been introduced , some of them extremely controversial , the basic structure of the Welfare State has remained intact and the Conservative government has appeared to be more reluctant to legislate in this area than in most others , content with modification rather than substantial revision .
although many measures have been introduced , some of them extremely controversial , the basic structure of the welfare state has [stayed] intact and the conservative government has appeared to be more reluctant to legislate in this area than in most others , content with modification rather than substantial revision .

Rent control and security of tenure were first introduced in 1915 as a wartime measure to control rents and have remained ever since , albeit in amended forms .
rent control and security of tenure were first introduced in 1915 as a wartime measure to control rents and have [stayed] ever since , albeit in amended forms .

However , despite attempts to curb the spending power of various councils by rate-capping , local authority finances remained a thorn in the flesh of the government .
however , despite attempts to curb the spending power of various councils by rate-capping , local authority finances [stayed] a thorn in the flesh of the government .

It had turned cold now , but the air remained still .
it had turned cold now , but the air [stayed] still .

Wolfgang and his sister Nannerl remained on close terms throughout his life : his early letters to her and to a Salzburg cousin , Anna Maria Thekla ( ‘ the Bäsle ’ , as he called her ) are full of juvenile high spirits , spiced with an earthy , often indelicate sense of humour , while his later letters to his sister show a touching solicitude for the state of her health and spirits .
wolfgang and his sister nannerl [stayed] on close terms throughout his life : his early letters to her and to a salzburg cousin , anna maria thekla ( ‘ the bäsle ’ , as he called her ) are full of juvenile high spirits , spiced with an earthy , often indelicate sense of humour , while his later letters to his sister show a touching solicitude for the state of her health and spirits .

The tale is all too familiar , but in this case it has a tragic poignancy : Leopold 's heart was broken by his son 's defection , and the rift between them remained unhealed even at the old man 's death .
the tale is all too familiar , but in this case it has a tragic poignancy : leopold 's heart was broken by his son 's defection , and the rift between them [stayed] unhealed even at the old man 's death .

But despite Wolfgang 's amazing prowess , he remained a docile , industrious and affectionate child , remarkably unspoilt by all the adulation he received .
but despite wolfgang 's amazing prowess , he [stayed] a docile , industrious and affectionate child , remarkably unspoilt by all the adulation he received .

This was Così fan tutte ( roughly translated — They 're all the same ) , one of Mozart 's greatest musical achievements , but an opera which remained misunderstood for over 150 years after his death .
this was così fan tutte ( roughly translated — they 're all the same ) , one of mozart 's greatest musical achievements , but an opera which [stayed] misunderstood for over 150 years after his death .

The list of Mozart 's effects , made immediately after his death , included books , manuscripts , a billiard table , a fortepiano , a ‘ viola in its own case ’ ( his violin must have remained at Salzburg ) , as well as the usual pieces of furniture and various personal effects .
the list of mozart 's effects , made immediately after his death , included books , manuscripts , a billiard table , a fortepiano , a ‘ viola in its own case ’ ( his violin must have [stayed] at salzburg ) , as well as the usual pieces of furniture and various personal effects .

It was Saturday , half over already , and that meant only three more entire days remained before Christmas Day , the coming Wednesday , when she had committed herself , she now feared rashly , to festivities with the Danbys .
it was saturday , half over already , and that meant only three more entire days [stayed] before christmas day , the coming wednesday , when she had committed herself , she now feared rashly , to festivities with the danbys .

Both had been sold off and Aunt Lou remained in residence on the ground floor which she 'd had converted into a suitable flat for herself .
both had been sold off and aunt lou [stayed] in residence on the ground floor which she 'd had converted into a suitable flat for herself .

’ The audience laughed nervously but Fleischmann remained serious : ‘ If this device worked as effectively as the small scale experiment we have done , it would be generating about 800 watts of power .
’ the audience laughed nervously but fleischmann [stayed] serious : ‘ if this device worked as effectively as the small scale experiment we have done , it would be generating about 800 watts of power .

But in addition there remained the puzzle of how the helium came to be in the springs .
but in addition there [stayed] the puzzle of how the helium came to be in the springs .

This remained only a vague idea until he read the same Soviet paper from the 1970s as Chatterjee had seen and which dealt with the abundance of helium-3 and helium-4 in minerals .
this [stayed] only a vague idea until he read the same soviet paper from the 1970s as chatterjee had seen and which dealt with the abundance of helium-3 and helium-4 in minerals .

By 1985 the fusion rate achieved in their experiments was improving , but still remained tantalisingly short of practical breakeven .
by 1985 the fusion rate achieved in their experiments was improving , but still [stayed] tantalisingly short of practical breakeven .

But the affectionate insult remained trapped in Doyle 's mind .
but the affectionate insult [stayed] trapped in doyle 's mind .

Outwardly he remained calm .
outwardly he [stayed] calm .

For a few minutes , Bodie remained where he was , staring at the Embassy through the misting-up windscreen of his car , feeling relief flood his body like a tide .
for a few minutes , bodie [stayed] where he was , staring at the embassy through the misting-up windscreen of his car , feeling relief flood his body like a tide .

Grimsby have remained unbeaten in the three games since the former England keeper arrived .
grimsby have [stayed] unbeaten in the three games since the former england keeper arrived .

And he remained ice cool to stroke the ball home with his renowned touch of arrogance .
and he [stayed] ice cool to stroke the ball home with his renowned touch of arrogance .

Barnes remained Rangers ' main concern and Liverpool 's chief source of hope .
barnes [stayed] rangers ' main concern and liverpool 's chief source of hope .

He remained there for the start of the 1985–86 campaign , but returned to Arsenal to make 27 first-team appearances .
he [stayed] there for the start of the 1985–86 campaign , but returned to arsenal to make 27 first-team appearances .

While the pavement tables attracted some passing trade from those who could find no restaurant seats on the Champs-Elysées at suppertime , the inner bar remained a more-or-less private sanctum for Victor 's regulars .
while the pavement tables attracted some passing trade from those who could find no restaurant seats on the champs-elysées at suppertime , the inner bar [stayed] a more-or-less private sanctum for victor 's regulars .

Besides Nadirpur only one person now remained .
besides nadirpur only one person now [stayed] .

She too remained composed while those around her became more aggressive and uncontrolled .
she too [stayed] composed while those around her became more aggressive and uncontrolled .

He remained there , out of the man 's sight , while he said good-bye to me .
he [stayed] there , out of the man 's sight , while he said good-bye to me .

There was a long pause during which a kind of stage fright seized me and perhaps him too : we remained in our positions , Richard sitting up in bed and me standing at the window , looking at each other helplessly like actors who have forgotten their lines .
there was a long pause during which a kind of stage fright seized me and perhaps him too : we [stayed] in our positions , richard sitting up in bed and me standing at the window , looking at each other helplessly like actors who have forgotten their lines .

He thought that his school was perhaps not quite as civilised as his mother cared to imagine but he remained silent .
he thought that his school was perhaps not quite as civilised as his mother cared to imagine but he [stayed] silent .

Constance was born healthy and remained so .
constance was born healthy and [stayed] so .

Much as she loved Nora , she was sufficiently realistic about her cousin to know that whatever was beginning to develop in her niece would be much more likely to come to something if Constance remained with her in Surrey than if she returned to the north .
much as she loved nora , she was sufficiently realistic about her cousin to know that whatever was beginning to develop in her niece would be much more likely to come to something if constance [stayed] with her in surrey than if she returned to the north .

They both remained totally motionless in the heat .
they both [stayed] totally motionless in the heat .

Nicky remained silent .
nicky [stayed] silent .

Rigid with fear , she remained silent .
rigid with fear , she [stayed] silent .

She remained in her deckchair .
she [stayed] in her deckchair .

They remained there all day .
they [stayed] there all day .

That , probably , was why her left hand remained bare and the date of their wedding still uncertain .
that , probably , was why her left hand [stayed] bare and the date of their wedding still uncertain .

Jane closed her eyes and made her mind a blank ; Lucinda sighed tremulously , and from her seat in the window Vi coughed nervously , yet the glass remained stubbornly still .
jane closed her eyes and made her mind a blank ; lucinda sighed tremulously , and from her seat in the window vi coughed nervously , yet the glass [stayed] stubbornly still .

It is a defence for a person charged with ‘ Being in Charge ’ to prove that at the time he is alleged to have committed the offence the circumstances were such that there was no likelihood of his driving the vehicle whilst the proportion of alcohol in his breath , blood or urine remained likely to exceed the prescribed limit ; but in determining whether there was such a likelihood the court may disregard any injury to him and any damage to the vehicle .
it is a defence for a person charged with ‘ being in charge ’ to prove that at the time he is alleged to have committed the offence the circumstances were such that there was no likelihood of his driving the vehicle whilst the proportion of alcohol in his breath , blood or urine [stayed] likely to exceed the prescribed limit ; but in determining whether there was such a likelihood the court may disregard any injury to him and any damage to the vehicle .

Throughout the trial Jesus remained silent . It was only when the high priest asked him the direct question :
throughout the trial jesus [stayed] silent . it was only when the high priest asked him the direct question :

This was inevitable because Jesus remained totally obedient to what he saw as the will of God for him .
this was inevitable because jesus [stayed] totally obedient to what he saw as the will of god for him .

If only there remained some sort of plan of the former layout ; but it could hardly have been anticipated when the conversion was begun that a modern miller would be the buyer , who proposed to grind not corn but electricity .
if only there [stayed] some sort of plan of the former layout ; but it could hardly have been anticipated when the conversion was begun that a modern miller would be the buyer , who proposed to grind not corn but electricity .

We never did in fact get another , but the idea has remained in my mind as a good one .
we never did in fact get another , but the idea has [stayed] in my mind as a good one .

So long as Britain remained the leading industrial force , it was relatively easy to reconcile moral purpose with the defence of British power .
so long as britain [stayed] the leading industrial force , it was relatively easy to reconcile moral purpose with the defence of british power .

Despite intensive efforts to reinvent the national identity along imperial lines — including the rebuilding of central London as a theatre for imperial parades — the English remained obstinately English , refusing to think of themselves even as ‘ Britishers ’ , let alone as members of the Greater Britain projected by imperialist dreamers .
despite intensive efforts to reinvent the national identity along imperial lines — including the rebuilding of central london as a theatre for imperial parades — the english [stayed] obstinately english , refusing to think of themselves even as ‘ britishers ’ , let alone as members of the greater britain projected by imperialist dreamers .

Meanwhile the frontier between liberalism and socialism remained open , both ideologically and organizationally .
meanwhile the frontier between liberalism and socialism [stayed] open , both ideologically and organizationally .

Before the war the attitude of the typical radical remained one of ‘ semi-indifference … .
before the war the attitude of the typical radical [stayed] one of ‘ semi-indifference … .

Committed to the cult of the workers as ‘ disinterested ’ opponents of militarism , they generally remained silent about the degree to which workers themselves had come to have a vested interest in the arms race .
committed to the cult of the workers as ‘ disinterested ’ opponents of militarism , they generally [stayed] silent about the degree to which workers themselves had come to have a vested interest in the arms race .

Feminism , particularly the maternalist feminism expressed by Catherine Marshall , long remained a powerful source of pacifist activism .
feminism , particularly the maternalist feminism expressed by catherine marshall , long [stayed] a powerful source of pacifist activism .

Most peace activists remained united by their continuing opposition to rearmament , if by little else .
most peace activists [stayed] united by their continuing opposition to rearmament , if by little else .

Through all this confusion , few individuals remained entirely consistent .
through all this confusion , few individuals [stayed] entirely consistent .

So the Prime Minister , Stanley Baldwin , assured Cecil that the League remained ‘ the sheet anchor of British policy ’ and a policy of economic sanctions was adopted .
so the prime minister , stanley baldwin , assured cecil that the league [stayed] ‘ the sheet anchor of british policy ’ and a policy of economic sanctions was adopted .

The more difficult issue , however , remained .
the more difficult issue , however , [stayed] .

While the General Election remained remote , loyal party members were prepared to flirt with realignment and even to admit that Labour stood no chance of victory if it fought alone .
while the general election [stayed] remote , loyal party members were prepared to flirt with realignment and even to admit that labour stood no chance of victory if it fought alone .

Advocates of the popular front remained fundamentally anti-war .
advocates of the popular front [stayed] fundamentally anti-war .

Most popular frontists remained content with the reassuring doctrine that collective security was a substitute for rearmament .
most popular frontists [stayed] content with the reassuring doctrine that collective security was a substitute for rearmament .

Before 1914 , when European socialist parties had little prospect of power , the contradiction between their ambition to establish democratic control over economic life , and their sympathy for a liberal internationalism rooted in the principles of the free market , remained largely unacknowledged .
before 1914 , when european socialist parties had little prospect of power , the contradiction between their ambition to establish democratic control over economic life , and their sympathy for a liberal internationalism rooted in the principles of the free market , [stayed] largely unacknowledged .

It is true that , while outright military victory remained improbable , Labour leaders Toping for a German revolution ) resisted calls for the post-war de-industrialization of Germany and toyed with the idea of placing Britain at the head of a revolutionary European resistance to Hitler .
it is true that , while outright military victory [stayed] improbable , labour leaders toping for a german revolution ) resisted calls for the post-war de-industrialization of germany and toyed with the idea of placing britain at the head of a revolutionary european resistance to hitler .

It remained to measure the surface energy .
it [stayed] to measure the surface energy .

Hence , though very durable , jade implements were very costly and partly for this reason , and partly for the beauty and scarcity of the material itself , they remained symbols of prestige after the introduction of metals .
hence , though very durable , jade implements were very costly and partly for this reason , and partly for the beauty and scarcity of the material itself , they [stayed] symbols of prestige after the introduction of metals .

Although about the middle of the nineteenth century large improvements were made in both the hulls and the rigs of ships , for three or four hundred years before that the basic methods of construction remained nearly constant .
although about the middle of the nineteenth century large improvements were made in both the hulls and the rigs of ships , for three or four hundred years before that the basic methods of construction [stayed] nearly constant .

Outside the caulking there remained an open groove between the planks nearly half an inch wide .
outside the caulking there [stayed] an open groove between the planks nearly half an inch wide .

The principles of stressing and testing aircraft have remained much the same from the days of wooden biplanes down to supersonic fighters although there are many differences in practice .
the principles of stressing and testing aircraft have [stayed] much the same from the days of wooden biplanes down to supersonic fighters although there are many differences in practice .

The Association says the magazine 's determination to maintain complete editorial independence is the key reason why readers have remained loyal over the years and trust its judgment .
the association says the magazine 's determination to maintain complete editorial independence is the key reason why readers have [stayed] loyal over the years and trust its judgment .

But since 1987 the message has remained the same : ‘ Drinking and driving wrecks lives . ’
but since 1987 the message has [stayed] the same : ‘ drinking and driving wrecks lives . ’

The final 100 days during which the Charles and Diana remained living together as man and wife began with reports that the princess was threatening to walk out .
the final 100 days during which the charles and diana [stayed] living together as man and wife began with reports that the princess was threatening to walk out .

Another three years later the passion had cooled somewhat but genuine affection remained .
another three years later the passion had cooled somewhat but genuine affection [stayed] .

The only question that remained was exactly how many victims he really had .
the only question that [stayed] was exactly how many victims he really had .

But one key figure in this whole drama has remained silent — Prince Charles .
but one key figure in this whole drama has [stayed] silent — prince charles .

Wright remained a constant threat to the Derby defence , but after those early aberrations they managed to tighten up .
wright [stayed] a constant threat to the derby defence , but after those early aberrations they managed to tighten up .

The ill-feeling from the battle of Anfield always remained close to the surface and Stewart was booked for an uncompromising tackle on Eric Young , with Palace 's Richard Shaw receiving a caution for similar treatment of Walters .
the ill-feeling from the battle of anfield always [stayed] close to the surface and stewart was booked for an uncompromising tackle on eric young , with palace 's richard shaw receiving a caution for similar treatment of walters .

Hall made a brief reply and a policeman had to step in to ensure the exchange remained purely verbal .
hall made a brief reply and a policeman had to step in to ensure the exchange [stayed] purely verbal .

‘ Throughout this our clients have remained loyal .
‘ throughout this our clients have [stayed] loyal .

It says that sales of meat have remained constant during the past 20 years , standing at 64.2 kg a head per year in 1970 , dipping slightly to 63.4 kg in 1980 , only to rise again to 65.4 kg in 1990 .
it says that sales of meat have [stayed] constant during the past 20 years , standing at 64.2 kg a head per year in 1970 , dipping slightly to 63.4 kg in 1980 , only to rise again to 65.4 kg in 1990 .

Our advice , from solicitors and counsel , remained steadfast : that , in their view , the banks had clearly lost money through their own negligence and had not relied on the company accounts at all .
our advice , from solicitors and counsel , [stayed] steadfast : that , in their view , the banks had clearly lost money through their own negligence and had not relied on the company accounts at all .

It suffered its next severe blow in 1968 , when it was left on the shelf after a round of mergers from which the British banking industry emerged in the state it remained in until this year .
it suffered its next severe blow in 1968 , when it was left on the shelf after a round of mergers from which the british banking industry emerged in the state it [stayed] in until this year .

But one area of the bank 's policy remained stuck in the thirties .
but one area of the bank 's policy [stayed] stuck in the thirties .

Despite the problems that have faced the invoice discounters , discounting has remained the most buoyant part of the factoring market .
despite the problems that have faced the invoice discounters , discounting has [stayed] the most buoyant part of the factoring market .

It overtook full-service factoring as the most significant activity in 1989 and has remained in the lead ever since .
it overtook full-service factoring as the most significant activity in 1989 and has [stayed] in the lead ever since .

‘ Is not the heat of a warm room conveyed through the vacuum by the vibrations of a much more subtle medium than air which after the air was drawn out remained in the vacuum ? And is not this medium the same with that medium by which light is refracted and reflected — and by whose vibrations light communicates heat to bodies ? And is not this medium exceedingly more rare and subtle than the air and exceedingly more elastic and active ? And does it not readily pervade all bodies ? And is it not ( by its elastic force ) expanded through all the heavens ? ’
‘ is not the heat of a warm room conveyed through the vacuum by the vibrations of a much more subtle medium than air which after the air was drawn out [stayed] in the vacuum ? and is not this medium the same with that medium by which light is refracted and reflected — and by whose vibrations light communicates heat to bodies ? and is not this medium exceedingly more rare and subtle than the air and exceedingly more elastic and active ? and does it not readily pervade all bodies ? and is it not ( by its elastic force ) expanded through all the heavens ? ’

Many of the institutions and practices established at this time remained intact until the twentieth century .
many of the institutions and practices established at this time [stayed] intact until the twentieth century .

The administrative structures set up by the Colebrooke-Cameron Reforms , though subject to some change in the nineteenth century , remained largely intact until the early twentieth century .
the administrative structures set up by the colebrooke-cameron reforms , though subject to some change in the nineteenth century , [stayed] largely intact until the early twentieth century .

Food production , though largely neglected by the government in the early nineteenth century , remained very important .
food production , though largely neglected by the government in the early nineteenth century , [stayed] very important .

The area had been on the periphery of the Kandyan Kingdom , and in the early years of British rule it remained an impoverished backwater .
the area had been on the periphery of the kandyan kingdom , and in the early years of british rule it [stayed] an impoverished backwater .

Although regular use of itinerating magistrates was made in some areas later in the century , many villages remained thirty or forty kilometres from the nearest police court , and some were much
although regular use of itinerating magistrates was made in some areas later in the century , many villages [stayed] thirty or forty kilometres from the nearest police court , and some were much

In the late nineteenth century efforts were made to build an organized system of policing , but rural districts remained largely unpoliced until the twentieth century .
in the late nineteenth century efforts were made to build an organized system of policing , but rural districts [stayed] largely unpoliced until the twentieth century .

But the necessary funds were not forthcoming and the beat system established by Campbell soon after he took charge remained unchanged for over twenty-five years .
but the necessary funds were not forthcoming and the beat system established by campbell soon after he took charge [stayed] unchanged for over twenty-five years .

Despite Campbell 's efforts , there remained a general dissatisfaction with the ‘ criminal state ’ of the island .
despite campbell 's efforts , there [stayed] a general dissatisfaction with the ‘ criminal state ’ of the island .

Minor crimes , including petty assault and the simple theft of articles worth less than twenty rupees , remained the responsibility of complainants .
minor crimes , including petty assault and the simple theft of articles worth less than twenty rupees , [stayed] the responsibility of complainants .

The numbers of Malays and Burghers in the force remained greater than their strength in the population as a whole , but to a much lesser extent than earlier .
the numbers of malays and burghers in the force [stayed] greater than their strength in the population as a whole , but to a much lesser extent than earlier .

Judicial officials were given more guidance as to punishment than had been available previously , but a great deal of discretion remained .
judicial officials were given more guidance as to punishment than had been available previously , but a great deal of discretion [stayed] .

The structure of the British court system , combined with the lack of effective policing , ensured that compromise and restitution remained possible during the nineteenth century for all but the most serious crimes .
the structure of the british court system , combined with the lack of effective policing , ensured that compromise and restitution [stayed] possible during the nineteenth century for all but the most serious crimes .

The absolute number of cases reported in the Interior area remained fairly constant until 1885 , and then fell gradually , levelling off again after 1900 ( Figure 3.1 ) .
the absolute number of cases reported in the interior area [stayed] fairly constant until 1885 , and then fell gradually , levelling off again after 1900 ( figure 3.1 ) .

Kurunagala , the centre of the Northern Band , remained an economic backwater in the 1860s , but in the late 1880s and 1890s coconut plantations were established there on a large scale .
kurunagala , the centre of the northern band , [stayed] an economic backwater in the 1860s , but in the late 1880s and 1890s coconut plantations were established there on a large scale .

After the declines in organized stealing around the turn of the century , the number of cattle thefts known to the authorities remained at a low level , with some fluctuations , until the onset of the world depression in 1930 ( Table 3.5 ) .
after the declines in organized stealing around the turn of the century , the number of cattle thefts known to the authorities [stayed] at a low level , with some fluctuations , until the onset of the world depression in 1930 ( table 3.5 ) .

Mr. Mason remained with the Tramway companies , but the three electric-lighting offices and show rooms were handed over to the new authority .
mr. mason [stayed] with the tramway companies , but the three electric-lighting offices and show rooms were handed over to the new authority .

Lord Ashfield remained Chairman and Frank Pick , who had become Managing Director of the Group in March 1928 , became Deputy Chairman .
lord ashfield [stayed] chairman and frank pick , who had become managing director of the group in march 1928 , became deputy chairman .

Mitcham Road depôt in Aurelia Road , West Croydon , remained closed and empty , the connecting curve , which joined the main road towards Mitcham had been taken out on 8 December 1935 .
mitcham road depôt in aurelia road , west croydon , [stayed] closed and empty , the connecting curve , which joined the main road towards mitcham had been taken out on 8 december 1935 .

Most of these cars received hardly any modifications but remained in good condition .
most of these cars received hardly any modifications but [stayed] in good condition .

When London Transport took over , they remained confined to the Sutton route .
when london transport took over , they [stayed] confined to the sutton route .

That worked together with the prejudices of the ‘ practical men ’ who built Britain 's early industries — often with little scientific or technical background — to ensure that industrial management remained mediocre .
that worked together with the prejudices of the ‘ practical men ’ who built britain 's early industries — often with little scientific or technical background — to ensure that industrial management [stayed] mediocre .

British industrial operatives remained educationally backward , locked in primitive tribal attitudes and prey to narrow-minded and destructive trade union militancy .
british industrial operatives [stayed] educationally backward , locked in primitive tribal attitudes and prey to narrow-minded and destructive trade union militancy .

However , the rules made when Tessas were eventually launched in January 1991 have remained intact , apart from an extra-statutory concession in October 1992 .
however , the rules made when tessas were eventually launched in january 1991 have [stayed] intact , apart from an extra-statutory concession in october 1992 .

The forefoot showed excessive wear while the heel remained relatively unscathed .
the forefoot showed excessive wear while the heel [stayed] relatively unscathed .

Windows are usually the first things to go in a riot , but medieval glass survived in many of the churches — in St. George 's and St. Martin 's , for example — and Yorkist symbols remained in the windows of St. Mary 's .
windows are usually the first things to go in a riot , but medieval glass survived in many of the churches — in st. george 's and st. martin 's , for example — and yorkist symbols [stayed] in the windows of st. mary 's .

Flames appeared on the soldiers ' lances like ‘ fairies ’ lights '' illuminating their path , and they remained lit despite the heavy rain .
flames appeared on the soldiers ' lances like ‘ fairies ’ lights '' illuminating their path , and they [stayed] lit despite the heavy rain .

If the bull passed into Derbyshire it remained the property of the donor .
if the bull passed into derbyshire it [stayed] the property of the donor .

He was forever in demand , in spite of which he remained affable and good-tempered .
he was forever in demand , in spite of which he [stayed] affable and good-tempered .

She was not sure how long she had been there , or how long she might have remained , had she not been disturbed .
she was not sure how long she had been there , or how long she might have [stayed] , had she not been disturbed .

Even so , she would rather it remained unspoken .
even so , she would rather it [stayed] unspoken .

When she reached the plateau she remained standing , watching for Joss Barnet , waiting for the moment when she would see him riding towards her . There was no longer any need for her to be
when she reached the plateau she [stayed] standing , watching for joss barnet , waiting for the moment when she would see him riding towards her . there was no longer any need for her to be

It said a lot for the captain himself that his team remained confident in themselves even when results were not going for the Scots .
it said a lot for the captain himself that his team [stayed] confident in themselves even when results were not going for the scots .

In everything he attempted , the religious ingredient , essential from the first , remained paramount .
in everything he attempted , the religious ingredient , essential from the first , [stayed] paramount .

It remained a dream .
it [stayed] a dream .

He had felt the truth of their analyses in the very marrow of his bones , yet he remained outside , forever outside .
he had felt the truth of their analyses in the very marrow of his bones , yet he [stayed] outside , forever outside .

But the chain was trading as usual and Mr Chapman 's outlook remained buoyant : ‘ The business has been going from strength to strength .
but the chain was trading as usual and mr chapman 's outlook [stayed] buoyant : ‘ the business has been going from strength to strength .

For candidates with a more generalist knowledge , the market has remained very depressed in London and the South East , while the North has been less badly hit by the recession .
for candidates with a more generalist knowledge , the market has [stayed] very depressed in london and the south east , while the north has been less badly hit by the recession .

The accounts remained outstanding .
the accounts [stayed] outstanding .

Between the Cuckmere valley and the kingdom of Kent settled a group whose identity remained fairly coherent until the days of the Norman conquest but of whose political influence we know but little ; these Haestingas seem to have come within the South Saxon ambit but served also as a buffer in the continued kingly wars of the early centuries .
between the cuckmere valley and the kingdom of kent settled a group whose identity [stayed] fairly coherent until the days of the norman conquest but of whose political influence we know but little ; these haestingas seem to have come within the south saxon ambit but served also as a buffer in the continued kingly wars of the early centuries .

Although a slave could earn ‘ manumission ’ , freedom or gebur status , or be granted it , the slaves remained a substantial if decreasing population of South Saxon society .
although a slave could earn ‘ manumission ’ , freedom or gebur status , or be granted it , the slaves [stayed] a substantial if decreasing population of south saxon society .

By the tenth century , few South Saxons can have been more than twenty miles from a market place , but these were rarely ‘ towns ’ in any later sense , or even comparable with their Roman predecessors ; Saxon society remained essentially rural , except in its very greatest centres .
by the tenth century , few south saxons can have been more than twenty miles from a market place , but these were rarely ‘ towns ’ in any later sense , or even comparable with their roman predecessors ; saxon society [stayed] essentially rural , except in its very greatest centres .

The Germanic culture of the South Saxons remained much more intact than that of the rest of the country .
the germanic culture of the south saxons [stayed] much more intact than that of the rest of the country .

Alongside them , in other parts of the Weald , came Augustinians , other Benedictines and the Premonstratensians whose house at Bayham is one of the most complete to have remained in Sussex .
alongside them , in other parts of the weald , came augustinians , other benedictines and the premonstratensians whose house at bayham is one of the most complete to have [stayed] in sussex .

Few followed him , for most people the church remained the symbol of external authority , its beliefs and teachings intermingled with the deeply rooted superstitions and essential paganism of most small rural communities .
few followed him , for most people the church [stayed] the symbol of external authority , its beliefs and teachings intermingled with the deeply rooted superstitions and essential paganism of most small rural communities .

About daily life in the first established , Lewes , surprisingly little has remained ; it never really achieved the independence many other similar towns acquired , remaining essentially a manorial borough of its lords , the de Warennes , for most of the middle ages .
about daily life in the first established , lewes , surprisingly little has [stayed] ; it never really achieved the independence many other similar towns acquired , remaining essentially a manorial borough of its lords , the de warennes , for most of the middle ages .

Henry gave Lewes Priory to the minister responsible for the dissolution , Thomas Cromwell , who used what remained of his life before his execution for treason in 1540 to pull down as much of the buildings as possible .
henry gave lewes priory to the minister responsible for the dissolution , thomas cromwell , who used what [stayed] of his life before his execution for treason in 1540 to pull down as much of the buildings as possible .

If it did anything this mass burning ensured that Lewes remained a stronghold of Protestantism , and the people of Cliffe still celebrate Bonfire Night at the Martyr 's Memorial with a sectarian fervour far exceeding the mild anti-Popery of other marchers .
if it did anything this mass burning ensured that lewes [stayed] a stronghold of protestantism , and the people of cliffe still celebrate bonfire night at the martyr 's memorial with a sectarian fervour far exceeding the mild anti-popery of other marchers .

Unlike Arundel and the Howard family , his essential loyalty to the Tudor cause was never doubted but he remained a Catholic and had to face a compromise which lessened his personal authority .
unlike arundel and the howard family , his essential loyalty to the tudor cause was never doubted but he [stayed] a catholic and had to face a compromise which lessened his personal authority .

Too many daughters needing dowries or annuities if they remained unmarried could spell disaster , as could an attempt to emulate a life style they could not really afford .
too many daughters needing dowries or annuities if they [stayed] unmarried could spell disaster , as could an attempt to emulate a life style they could not really afford .

Of the gentry , only the Catholics who were cut off from public office and subjected to heavy fines retreated entirely into their localities and found difficulty in profiting as much as the others , yet their authority as squires remained largely untouched .
of the gentry , only the catholics who were cut off from public office and subjected to heavy fines retreated entirely into their localities and found difficulty in profiting as much as the others , yet their authority as squires [stayed] largely untouched .

For the Downland , sheep remained dominant ; it was in the coastal plain and Weald that a new impetus was given .
for the downland , sheep [stayed] dominant ; it was in the coastal plain and weald that a new impetus was given .

It was a cheap , ready-made form of hedging , but if took up almost an eighth of the cleared land and remained an unfortunate legacy for succeeding farmers .
it was a cheap , ready-made form of hedging , but if took up almost an eighth of the cleared land and [stayed] an unfortunate legacy for succeeding farmers .

The squalor remained through the troubles of the Civil Wars until a new prosperity was built on the growing export of corn in the later seventeenth century .
the squalor [stayed] through the troubles of the civil wars until a new prosperity was built on the growing export of corn in the later seventeenth century .

The Civil Wars remained a matter of conflict among the gentry and clergy .
the civil wars [stayed] a matter of conflict among the gentry and clergy .

Under Cromwell 's Interregnum Sussex remained fairly peaceable , the only real intrusion being the Dutch attacks on coastal towns during the wars of the 1650s , and this was nothing new .
under cromwell 's interregnum sussex [stayed] fairly peaceable , the only real intrusion being the dutch attacks on coastal towns during the wars of the 1650s , and this was nothing new .

The restoration of the monarchy and its patronage proved a particularly valuable source of wealth and position to those who had remained faithful or changed their allegiance with a careful eye to the future .
the restoration of the monarchy and its patronage proved a particularly valuable source of wealth and position to those who had [stayed] faithful or changed their allegiance with a careful eye to the future .

If this social ascendancy depended on land it was reinforced by the widespread rebuilding of country seats in the eighteenth century and the reordering of the ornamental parks which surrounded them ; the symmetrical English formality of the grander Tudor houses and gardens gave way to a new Italianate classicism which combined with an image of the countryside often quite distinct from the comparative agricultural disorder which remained outside the pales of their civilised owners .
if this social ascendancy depended on land it was reinforced by the widespread rebuilding of country seats in the eighteenth century and the reordering of the ornamental parks which surrounded them ; the symmetrical english formality of the grander tudor houses and gardens gave way to a new italianate classicism which combined with an image of the countryside often quite distinct from the comparative agricultural disorder which [stayed] outside the pales of their civilised owners .

In Chichester , with 500 voters , nomination of one member remained in the hands of the Duke of Richmond .
in chichester , with 500 voters , nomination of one member [stayed] in the hands of the duke of richmond .

Problems of access and transport remained until the 1750s much as they had for centuries , the roads miry and troublesome in winter , the tidal river valleys well-nigh impassable .
problems of access and transport [stayed] until the 1750s much as they had for centuries , the roads miry and troublesome in winter , the tidal river valleys well-nigh impassable .

There were few changes in any of them as obvious as those which overtook Brighthelmstone , and their populations remained quite small , Chichester , the largest , having only about half Brighton 's in 1801 .
there were few changes in any of them as obvious as those which overtook brighthelmstone , and their populations [stayed] quite small , chichester , the largest , having only about half brighton 's in 1801 .

The broad regional divisions with the county 's agricultural structure remained more or less unaltered through the period and the local differences in prosperity grew even more acute .
the broad regional divisions with the county 's agricultural structure [stayed] more or less unaltered through the period and the local differences in prosperity grew even more acute .

when the wars finished in 1815 , the greater part of the military presence in Sussex was soon withdrawn ; the towers were left to crumble and much smaller garrisons of troops remained in the principal towns , both for ceremonial duties and as a deterrent to the possibility of physical violence among the growing population .
when the wars finished in 1815 , the greater part of the military presence in sussex was soon withdrawn ; the towers were left to crumble and much smaller garrisons of troops [stayed] in the principal towns , both for ceremonial duties and as a deterrent to the possibility of physical violence among the growing population .

Then she remained in hiding , refusing to venture out all day .
then she [stayed] in hiding , refusing to venture out all day .

Even throughout the first years of her marriage , she remained the dutiful wife , never complaining when her husband wanted to involve her in the country life .
even throughout the first years of her marriage , she [stayed] the dutiful wife , never complaining when her husband wanted to involve her in the country life .

Carolyn Pride , Virginia Pitman and Anne Bolton have remained pillars of support to their emotional friend .
carolyn pride , virginia pitman and anne bolton have [stayed] pillars of support to their emotional friend .

By last night only one victim remained in hospital — a 25-year-old man recovering from surgery to remove glass from his arm .
by last night only one victim [stayed] in hospital — a 25-year-old man recovering from surgery to remove glass from his arm .

The couple have remained close friends ever since he taught Diana and her sons to ride in 1980 while he was stationed at Combermere Barracks in Windsor .
the couple have [stayed] close friends ever since he taught diana and her sons to ride in 1980 while he was stationed at combermere barracks in windsor .

‘ Pluto is renowned for bringing up things that are buried , so we are going to see revealed things that have remained secret for years .
‘ pluto is renowned for bringing up things that are buried , so we are going to see revealed things that have [stayed] secret for years .

Eventually the Frome overseers decided , and annotated it accordingly , that Betty Titford was a ‘ sickly woman ’ ; and so she remained until her death .
eventually the frome overseers decided , and annotated it accordingly , that betty titford was a ‘ sickly woman ’ ; and so she [stayed] until her death .

… before they were all sold , a quantity of the same sort came up to town at half the price , so that the rest remained on hand .
… before they were all sold , a quantity of the same sort came up to town at half the price , so that the rest [stayed] on hand .

Five of the crew had remained loyal to the Orynthia , though Robert only had one mate to rely upon — and that was a situation which would be little short of a recipe for disaster , as things turned out .
five of the crew had [stayed] loyal to the orynthia , though robert only had one mate to rely upon — and that was a situation which would be little short of a recipe for disaster , as things turned out .

Even though they had been confirmed … in writing they remained without support or corroboration and should not have been accepted … as sufficient for the purposes of an unqualified certificate .
even though they had been confirmed … in writing they [stayed] without support or corroboration and should not have been accepted … as sufficient for the purposes of an unqualified certificate .

the day remained
the day [stayed]

The average age at which people marry remained more or less stable for the preceding two centuries until the end of the Second World War , when it began to fall , but there were notable changes in the pattern of childbearing , especially between 1870 and 1930 .
the average age at which people marry [stayed] more or less stable for the preceding two centuries until the end of the second world war , when it began to fall , but there were notable changes in the pattern of childbearing , especially between 1870 and 1930 .

The earlier work of historical demographers of households was concentrated on examining the simple measure of household size , and they were able to establish by a variety of evidence that the average size remained remarkably consistent between the seventeenth century and the twentieth .
the earlier work of historical demographers of households was concentrated on examining the simple measure of household size , and they were able to establish by a variety of evidence that the average size [stayed] remarkably consistent between the seventeenth century and the twentieth .

In fact , the average household size remained between four and five throughout this period and only fell to three during the twentieth century ( Laslett , 1972b ; Wall , 1972 ) .
in fact , the average household size [stayed] between four and five throughout this period and only fell to three during the twentieth century ( laslett , 1972b ; wall , 1972 ) .

The number of kin living together rose during the early industrial period ( up to the middle of the nineteenth century ) and remained fairly constant thereafter .
the number of kin living together rose during the early industrial period ( up to the middle of the nineteenth century ) and [stayed] fairly constant thereafter .

At the same time , kin ties remained a structured link which offered the potential for mutual support , and this was probably more reliable than ties between non-kin and more acceptable than those bureaucratic forms of public support available in the period .
at the same time , kin ties [stayed] a structured link which offered the potential for mutual support , and this was probably more reliable than ties between non-kin and more acceptable than those bureaucratic forms of public support available in the period .

In principle , it would be quite possible to argue that this sense of obligation had weakened , even if the actual volume of support between kin remained at a substantial level , because more people are now in a situation where they need support , and because the economic circumstances of the majority of the population ( by comparison with a century earlier ) are much easier .
in principle , it would be quite possible to argue that this sense of obligation had weakened , even if the actual volume of support between kin [stayed] at a substantial level , because more people are now in a situation where they need support , and because the economic circumstances of the majority of the population ( by comparison with a century earlier ) are much easier .

Our findings about symmetry perception also demonstrate that neglected information that is unavailable for verbal report may nevertheless be represented implicitly , confirming previous reports which have remained controversial .
our findings about symmetry perception also demonstrate that neglected information that is unavailable for verbal report may nevertheless be represented implicitly , confirming previous reports which have [stayed] controversial .

The perturbation , although qualitatively consistent with climatological wave amplitudes , was chosen to enable the model to simulate a Northern Hemisphere winter in which the polar stratosphere remained relatively cold throughout January and most of February with a late stratospheric warming .
the perturbation , although qualitatively consistent with climatological wave amplitudes , was chosen to enable the model to simulate a northern hemisphere winter in which the polar stratosphere [stayed] relatively cold throughout january and most of february with a late stratospheric warming .

The lower-layer temperature remained uniform during sedimentation , confirming that it was stagnant .
the lower-layer temperature [stayed] uniform during sedimentation , confirming that it was stagnant .

We propose instead that magma exploited the 1989 fracture system which remained partly void until new magma filled it between June 1990 and June 1991 .
we propose instead that magma exploited the 1989 fracture system which [stayed] partly void until new magma filled it between june 1990 and june 1991 .

The company had become flatter , but its information systems remained stubbornly hierarchical .
the company had become flatter , but its information systems [stayed] stubbornly hierarchical .

Hong Kong remained in buoyant mood , with a 3 % gain .
hong kong [stayed] in buoyant mood , with a 3 % gain .

Power has remained centralised under the constitution of 1978 , enacted by Junius Jayewardene with Singapore in mind .
power has [stayed] centralised under the constitution of 1978 , enacted by junius jayewardene with singapore in mind .

It has also remained , in a new way , a fragmented one .
it has also [stayed] , in a new way , a fragmented one .

He became keenly aware that there was much to be learned from practice overseas but his method remained essentially descriptive , allowing his meticulously detailed reports to speak for themselves .
he became keenly aware that there was much to be learned from practice overseas but his method [stayed] essentially descriptive , allowing his meticulously detailed reports to speak for themselves .

His report for 1988 concluded that ‘ in prison after prison men were still having to exist in conditions which offend against any standard of decency ’ , and he remarked , ‘ Properly fitting clean clothes and regular baths or showers are not luxuries but they remained out of reach for many inmates in 1988 ’ ( Home Office 1989b ) .
his report for 1988 concluded that ‘ in prison after prison men were still having to exist in conditions which offend against any standard of decency ’ , and he remarked , ‘ properly fitting clean clothes and regular baths or showers are not luxuries but they [stayed] out of reach for many inmates in 1988 ’ ( home office 1989b ) .

Prisons are run on archaic methods of management … . Training of prison personnel has remained woefully neglected …
prisons are run on archaic methods of management … . training of prison personnel has [stayed] woefully neglected …

The abolition of the death penalty following the revolution remained intact .
the abolition of the death penalty following the revolution [stayed] intact .

These were manned by guards whose only access to the towers was by way of a single rope which they had to climb in a gymnastic fashion ; they then pulled up the rope and remained in the towers for the rest of the shift .
these were manned by guards whose only access to the towers was by way of a single rope which they had to climb in a gymnastic fashion ; they then pulled up the rope and [stayed] in the towers for the rest of the shift .

It continued at Mr John Eames 's Moorfields Dissenting Academy in London , but it seems that young Howard did not take readily to formal learning and to the end of his life he remained only indifferently literate .
it continued at mr john eames 's moorfields dissenting academy in london , but it seems that young howard did not take readily to formal learning and to the end of his life he [stayed] only indifferently literate .

He was committed to a private asylum in Leicester , where he remained until his death in 1799 .
he was committed to a private asylum in leicester , where he [stayed] until his death in 1799 .

He remained an extraordinarily influential one-man pressure group and continued to give evidence on prison conditions to the House of Commons .
he [stayed] an extraordinarily influential one-man pressure group and continued to give evidence on prison conditions to the house of commons .

In fact , only three significant prisons remained unvisited by Howard : the Bastille , the Prison of the Inquisition in Rome and the Doge 's Prison in Venice .
in fact , only three significant prisons [stayed] unvisited by howard : the bastille , the prison of the inquisition in rome and the doge 's prison in venice .

It was for this reason that the Council 's final documents remained so ambivalent .
it was for this reason that the council 's final documents [stayed] so ambivalent .

While the papacy of Pope Paul had remained uncomfortably unidentified with either ‘ progressive ’ or ‘ conservative ’ , that of John Paul became increasingly closely tied to the latter , and at times in a state of not much less than guerrilla war with the ‘ magisterium ’ of the Church 's principal theologians : a truly strange position for a pope to be in .
while the papacy of pope paul had [stayed] uncomfortably unidentified with either ‘ progressive ’ or ‘ conservative ’ , that of john paul became increasingly closely tied to the latter , and at times in a state of not much less than guerrilla war with the ‘ magisterium ’ of the church 's principal theologians : a truly strange position for a pope to be in .

The writings of one of the great visionaries of the period , the Jesuit Pierre Teilhard de Chardin , were not allowed to be published and he remained little more than a name , if even that , to all but a few scholars .
the writings of one of the great visionaries of the period , the jesuit pierre teilhard de chardin , were not allowed to be published and he [stayed] little more than a name , if even that , to all but a few scholars .

The relationship of Christology to New Testament study has remained a crucial area of study and debate .
the relationship of christology to new testament study has [stayed] a crucial area of study and debate .

Traces of what had been dreamed and hoped for remained ; fragments of poems to Union , written by men whose names had been systematically removed from all record .
traces of what had been dreamed and hoped for [stayed] ; fragments of poems to union , written by men whose names had been systematically removed from all record .

And as long as such scraps remained , the spirit of the Reconciliation would survive .
and as long as such scraps [stayed] , the spirit of the reconciliation would survive .

Theatre remained his great love , and there was scarcely a production of any significance he failed to see .
theatre [stayed] his great love , and there was scarcely a production of any significance he failed to see .

Determined though she was to divide her life from his , the obscure suspicion remained in him that their fates were interwoven .
determined though she was to divide her life from his , the obscure suspicion [stayed] in him that their fates were interwoven .

Others were conceivably opened by accident , and perhaps remained open , marking the sites as haunted or sacred , shunned or obsessively protected .
others were conceivably opened by accident , and perhaps [stayed] open , marking the sites as haunted or sacred , shunned or obsessively protected .

The horror remained on their faces , but for some reason he 'd disappeared from the scene .
the horror [stayed] on their faces , but for some reason he 'd disappeared from the scene .

Sales varied but were well down by the end of the 1980s , and the paper remained a rather marginal venture .
sales varied but were well down by the end of the 1980s , and the paper [stayed] a rather marginal venture .

Forty years on , the Mail and Express remained , with the new Today , but found themselves squeezed between sectors that had doubled in size .
forty years on , the mail and express [stayed] , with the new today , but found themselves squeezed between sectors that had doubled in size .

Unlike , say , Rothermere 's Associated Newspapers , Beaverbrook had never seriously diversified , not even into the provincial press , and although the Sunday Express remained profitable , the Daily Express and London Evening Standard were in trouble .
unlike , say , rothermere 's associated newspapers , beaverbrook had never seriously diversified , not even into the provincial press , and although the sunday express [stayed] profitable , the daily express and london evening standard were in trouble .

Chain ownership , built up between the wars by the manoeuvres of the press barons ( mainly seeking economies of scale ) , remained a crucial factor .
chain ownership , built up between the wars by the manoeuvres of the press barons ( mainly seeking economies of scale ) , [stayed] a crucial factor .

Unlike the mornings , the number of titles remained much the same , but total circulation fell .
unlike the mornings , the number of titles [stayed] much the same , but total circulation fell .

Fewer than 10 of the 27 ‘ single town ’ companies of 1947 remained in control by 1988 , and most of these ran smallish papers in towns like Halifax , Oldham and Scarborough .
fewer than 10 of the 27 ‘ single town ’ companies of 1947 [stayed] in control by 1988 , and most of these ran smallish papers in towns like halifax , oldham and scarborough .

Even after they had ceased to be largely print-based , most conglomerates up until the 1970s remained primarily media organizations .
even after they had ceased to be largely print-based , most conglomerates up until the 1970s [stayed] primarily media organizations .

The main Pearson interests remained in international banking , property and business .
the main pearson interests [stayed] in international banking , property and business .

In person and style , he remained the down-to-earth Australian , caustic about the class-ridden antique snobberies of the ‘ poms ’ .
in person and style , he [stayed] the down-to-earth australian , caustic about the class-ridden antique snobberies of the ‘ poms ’ .

To the right of the mound of sand stood what remained of the houses in Testerton Street .
to the right of the mound of sand stood what [stayed] of the houses in testerton street .

He was never equal to Self in Citrine 's esteem , and he remained jealous of intervention by Self in matters of engineering and the development of policy on the generation side , for which his background and experience made him the natural senior voice among other engineers and managers .
he was never equal to self in citrine 's esteem , and he [stayed] jealous of intervention by self in matters of engineering and the development of policy on the generation side , for which his background and experience made him the natural senior voice among other engineers and managers .

Yet Citrine was working within a specific , more individualist business culture and , though change could only come slowly , collective discussion remained the only antidote to bureaucracy that he ever really understood .
yet citrine was working within a specific , more individualist business culture and , though change could only come slowly , collective discussion [stayed] the only antidote to bureaucracy that he ever really understood .

All consumers were urged to ‘ switch off at the peak ’ and in periods of severe difficulties moral suasion was backed up by statutory controls , though for small consumers these were practically impossible to enforce , so that voluntary restriction remained the more important .
all consumers were urged to ‘ switch off at the peak ’ and in periods of severe difficulties moral suasion was backed up by statutory controls , though for small consumers these were practically impossible to enforce , so that voluntary restriction [stayed] the more important .

These price increases restored the industry 's income to levels sufficient to cover book costs , but prices still remained low relative to the higher costs the industry was having to incur to meet the new demand .
these price increases restored the industry 's income to levels sufficient to cover book costs , but prices still [stayed] low relative to the higher costs the industry was having to incur to meet the new demand .

The Clow Committee had recognised there would be practical problems : the quarterly cycle of meter reading would make it difficult to concentrate the higher charge on the crucial months of December , January and February when demand was highest ; in really cold weather or if coal remained in short supply it would have only limited deterrent effect ; and off-peak demand might be adversely affected .
the clow committee had recognised there would be practical problems : the quarterly cycle of meter reading would make it difficult to concentrate the higher charge on the crucial months of december , january and february when demand was highest ; in really cold weather or if coal [stayed] in short supply it would have only limited deterrent effect ; and off-peak demand might be adversely affected .

As the relationship developed , the rhetoric staking claims to differentiated skills and functions remained , but each side moved culturally closer to the other .
as the relationship developed , the rhetoric staking claims to differentiated skills and functions [stayed] , but each side moved culturally closer to the other .

The steel control remained in force ( apart from a brief interval from June 1950 to February 1951 when shortages none the less remained ) until May 1953 ; building controls lasted into 1954 .
the steel control [stayed] in force ( apart from a brief interval from june 1950 to february 1951 when shortages none the less [stayed] ) until may 1953 ; building controls lasted into 1954 .

Conservative Ministers in office ( like their Labour predecessors ) remained uncooperative , and the select committee on nationalised industries was immersed in procedural wrangles over its terms of reference until the late 1950s and transacted no serious business .
conservative ministers in office ( like their labour predecessors ) [stayed] uncooperative , and the select committee on nationalised industries was immersed in procedural wrangles over its terms of reference until the late 1950s and transacted no serious business .

Physical controls on capital spending remained , but , as under Labour , with the gradual restoration of the weakened economic base more resources could progressively be made available .
physical controls on capital spending [stayed] , but , as under labour , with the gradual restoration of the weakened economic base more resources could progressively be made available .

For many of the poor , the novelty of electricity was a symbol of access to a new postwar affluence , though consumption by such consumers typically remained small , and the Boards reckoned that many of these connections would be economic only in the longer run .
for many of the poor , the novelty of electricity was a symbol of access to a new postwar affluence , though consumption by such consumers typically [stayed] small , and the boards reckoned that many of these connections would be economic only in the longer run .

The Achilles ' heel of their competition with gas , and , more particularly , with coal ( which still remained the mainstay of domestic heating in Britain ) was the sale of electric fires .
the achilles ' heel of their competition with gas , and , more particularly , with coal ( which still [stayed] the mainstay of domestic heating in britain ) was the sale of electric fires .

Yet , of course , electric heating remained attractive to consumers ( most of whom by then had fires or , if the Boards refused to sell them , could obtain them from other shops ) .
yet , of course , electric heating [stayed] attractive to consumers ( most of whom by then had fires or , if the boards refused to sell them , could obtain them from other shops ) .

Although the Government had then retired hurt , the Clow Committee 's more general criticisms of the industry 's slowness in responding to the need to limit the peak by experimentation with load limiters or time-of-day tariffs remained , both within government and from bodies like the Federation of British Industries .
although the government had then retired hurt , the clow committee 's more general criticisms of the industry 's slowness in responding to the need to limit the peak by experimentation with load limiters or time-of-day tariffs [stayed] , both within government and from bodies like the federation of british industries .

Yet , while many chairmen persisted in denying it , the probability is that domestic prices remained inadequate to meet the overall costs of supplying domestic consumers , as they had been on nationalisation , though now for a new set of reasons , which betrayed a continuing inadequate degree of attention to proper costing exercises .
yet , while many chairmen persisted in denying it , the probability is that domestic prices [stayed] inadequate to meet the overall costs of supplying domestic consumers , as they had been on nationalisation , though now for a new set of reasons , which betrayed a continuing inadequate degree of attention to proper costing exercises .

Electricity continued to replace steam-powered mechanical drives , and the subdivision of power which it made possible remained a fundamentally attractive characteristic .
electricity continued to replace steam-powered mechanical drives , and the subdivision of power which it made possible [stayed] a fundamentally attractive characteristic .

For some years after nationalisation , the overall materials supply situation remained bleak .
for some years after nationalisation , the overall materials supply situation [stayed] bleak .

Though the Khmers Rouges have made it clear that they would consider taking part in a coalition government , they have remained silent on the question of giving up their weapons .
though the khmers rouges have made it clear that they would consider taking part in a coalition government , they have [stayed] silent on the question of giving up their weapons .

Designed in 1954 and built until 1968 , the model has remained so popular that London Transport is currently refurbishing 500 of them , at a cost of £1m .
designed in 1954 and built until 1968 , the model has [stayed] so popular that london transport is currently refurbishing 500 of them , at a cost of £1m .

He remained silent when the government decided to extend the period of contribution required for a full state pension , thereby calling into question the right to retire at 60 , introduced by the Socialists .
he [stayed] silent when the government decided to extend the period of contribution required for a full state pension , thereby calling into question the right to retire at 60 , introduced by the socialists .

The volume of plastics , which grew in the 1960s , has remained steady at around 12–13 % since the early 1970s .
the volume of plastics , which grew in the 1960s , has [stayed] steady at around 12–13 % since the early 1970s .

At the end of 500 miles a record 24 cars remained on the track , with ten on the lead lap .
at the end of 500 miles a record 24 cars [stayed] on the track , with ten on the lead lap .

On the other hand , even efficient ‘ managers ’ , such as Lord Ilay or Henry Dundas , could never claim absolute mastery of Scotland in fact , whatever they may have alleged to their colleagues , for no manager ever possessed a monopoly of desirable patronage , some of which always remained in private hands .
on the other hand , even efficient ‘ managers ’ , such as lord ilay or henry dundas , could never claim absolute mastery of scotland in fact , whatever they may have alleged to their colleagues , for no manager ever possessed a monopoly of desirable patronage , some of which always [stayed] in private hands .

Social contacts had to be preserved , and ties flowing from feelings of friendship remained indispensable .
social contacts had to be preserved , and ties flowing from feelings of friendship [stayed] indispensable .

On the other hand it was a very swift descent from the heights of a collectorship to the rank of a common gauger for a man who had friends among the voting freeholders , and some of those friends at once moved to his aid , their resolve strengthened by Carrick 's complaint that while five supervisors were dismissed , the other four were quickly reinstated in their rank and only he remained reduced , while , according to Carrick , at least one of the lucky men had been guilty of far more serious omissions than himself .
on the other hand it was a very swift descent from the heights of a collectorship to the rank of a common gauger for a man who had friends among the voting freeholders , and some of those friends at once moved to his aid , their resolve strengthened by carrick 's complaint that while five supervisors were dismissed , the other four were quickly reinstated in their rank and only he [stayed] reduced , while , according to carrick , at least one of the lucky men had been guilty of far more serious omissions than himself .

Promotions in government service were likely to go to those officers who were able to make themselves useful politically , and if the connection between advancement and political activity was blatant in the case of Drummond , it was a link which long persisted , for even when revenue officers were deprived of the franchise , this did not materially alter the connection between holders of a revenue office and the politicians whose solicitations remained the usual route to advancement .
promotions in government service were likely to go to those officers who were able to make themselves useful politically , and if the connection between advancement and political activity was blatant in the case of drummond , it was a link which long persisted , for even when revenue officers were deprived of the franchise , this did not materially alter the connection between holders of a revenue office and the politicians whose solicitations [stayed] the usual route to advancement .

The fact remained , however , that the right to present a minister was shared between the Crown , the nobility and some of the major landed gentry , while town ministers were often the appointees of the burgh councils .
the fact [stayed] , however , that the right to present a minister was shared between the crown , the nobility and some of the major landed gentry , while town ministers were often the appointees of the burgh councils .

The limits were instigated by the social worker or the residential staff , but were not a condition imposed by the court , and they remained largely unchanged over time .
the limits were instigated by the social worker or the residential staff , but were not a condition imposed by the court , and they [stayed] largely unchanged over time .

The Report distinguished between homosexuality as a ‘ condition ’ and homosexual behaviour , and , although it advocated the removal of the latter from the criminal law , it remained firm in its condemnation of homosexuality .
the report distinguished between homosexuality as a ‘ condition ’ and homosexual behaviour , and , although it advocated the removal of the latter from the criminal law , it [stayed] firm in its condemnation of homosexuality .

As a result there was no informed discussion within the department or at the Social Services Committee about resource issues and the status of the recommendations remained vague .
as a result there was no informed discussion within the department or at the social services committee about resource issues and the status of the recommendations [stayed] vague .

Carson looked at the colonel , who remained silent for a couple of moments , then nodded , slowly , twice .
carson looked at the colonel , who [stayed] silent for a couple of moments , then nodded , slowly , twice .

Damaged by customs when it arrived in Iran , it has remained unrestored and in storage since the Revolution .
damaged by customs when it arrived in iran , it has [stayed] unrestored and in storage since the revolution .

To make matters worse , the institution , founded in 1804 by New York 's merchant elite , had remained a clubby enclave for its descendants .
to make matters worse , the institution , founded in 1804 by new york 's merchant elite , had [stayed] a clubby enclave for its descendants .

The Salon 's founding team , which remained virtually the same for the first two years , has changed significantly .
the salon 's founding team , which [stayed] virtually the same for the first two years , has changed significantly .

He left the cardboard box on top of his wardrobe , where it remained until 1973 , when he cleared away every trace of himself from 29 Champney Road .
he left the cardboard box on top of his wardrobe , where it [stayed] until 1973 , when he cleared away every trace of himself from 29 champney road .

Nevertheless , Richard and Peter remained at the centre .
nevertheless , richard and peter [stayed] at the centre .

Even the decrees of the Council of Clermont in 1095 , to which he sent Boso as his envoy , and from which through illness Boso did not immediately return , remained unknown to him and went unheeded in practice for several years .
even the decrees of the council of clermont in 1095 , to which he sent boso as his envoy , and from which through illness boso did not immediately return , [stayed] unknown to him and went unheeded in practice for several years .

It only remained for him to make his departure from Bec as acceptable as possible to the monks and to himself , and to face the consequences .
it only [stayed] for him to make his departure from bec as acceptable as possible to the monks and to himself , and to face the consequences .

The vacant abbacies remained vacant , and he could do nothing about them .
the vacant abbacies [stayed] vacant , and he could do nothing about them .

This was the obedience which remained the foundation of his spiritual experience and of his admonitions to others .
this was the obedience which [stayed] the foundation of his spiritual experience and of his admonitions to others .

In all the most important affairs of life , liberty remained for him what it had been for the last thirty years , a state of will which could not depart from rectitude .
in all the most important affairs of life , liberty [stayed] for him what it had been for the last thirty years , a state of will which could not depart from rectitude .

Although Anselm made it clear that he personally was bound to observe the papal decrees of 1099 until released by proper authority , he remained neutral in all the negotiations between the king and pope .
although anselm made it clear that he personally was bound to observe the papal decrees of 1099 until released by proper authority , he [stayed] neutral in all the negotiations between the king and pope .

The compromise brought a clearer distinction between the spiritual and temporal aspects of ecclesiastical office than ever before : it abolished lay intervention in conferring the symbols of ecclesiastical office , while conceding that the temporalities remained within the secular domain .
the compromise brought a clearer distinction between the spiritual and temporal aspects of ecclesiastical office than ever before : it abolished lay intervention in conferring the symbols of ecclesiastical office , while conceding that the temporalities [stayed] within the secular domain .

Nothing remained but to tie up the loose ends of the dispute .
nothing [stayed] but to tie up the loose ends of the dispute .

But it still remained to be determined what , if anything , it meant .
but it still [stayed] to be determined what , if anything , it meant .

They remained so throughout their existence — the force of history and tradition was too strong to be resisted — but they gradually lost the sympathy of the world , which placed a higher value on convenience and common sense than on permanence and impossible loyalties .
they [stayed] so throughout their existence — the force of history and tradition was too strong to be resisted — but they gradually lost the sympathy of the world , which placed a higher value on convenience and common sense than on permanence and impossible loyalties .

Emily remained silent , it was pointless arguing with her father .
emily [stayed] silent , it was pointless arguing with her father .

For a long moment after the door had closed , Craig and Hari remained motionless , so close together that she could feel his breath against her cheek .
for a long moment after the door had closed , craig and hari [stayed] motionless , so close together that she could feel his breath against her cheek .

Hari had remained in the cemetery long after the few neighbours who had attended Win Morgan 's funeral had gone .
hari had [stayed] in the cemetery long after the few neighbours who had attended win morgan 's funeral had gone .

The servants filed silently from the room until only the housekeeper remained .
the servants filed silently from the room until only the housekeeper [stayed] .

Hari remained silent not wanting to admit her ignorance .
hari [stayed] silent not wanting to admit her ignorance .

He remained silent for a long time , staring at Emily as though summing her up .
he [stayed] silent for a long time , staring at emily as though summing her up .

The album remained with the family until this century and was first published by Praz in 1964 .
the album [stayed] with the family until this century and was first published by praz in 1964 .

Only a limited number of national public projects have remained fully funded : those in the fields of health , justice , the fight against Aids and Venice .
only a limited number of national public projects have [stayed] fully funded : those in the fields of health , justice , the fight against aids and venice .

He became director of the Manchester City Art Galleries 1945–52 , and remained there until he succeeded Ellis Waterhouse as director of the National Gallery of Scotland 1952–70 .
he became director of the manchester city art galleries 1945–52 , and [stayed] there until he succeeded ellis waterhouse as director of the national gallery of scotland 1952–70 .

Though as sub-adults her orphans spent their days in the bush , they remained completely trustworthy and almost affectionate with her , and her African helpers .
though as sub-adults her orphans spent their days in the bush , they [stayed] completely trustworthy and almost affectionate with her , and her african helpers .

Since the break-up and dispersal of the super-continent Pangaea , a process that began at least 200 million years ago , the Kowloon peninsula and Hong Kong and its 242 islands have remained attached to what is now mainland China .
since the break-up and dispersal of the super-continent pangaea , a process that began at least 200 million years ago , the kowloon peninsula and hong kong and its 242 islands have [stayed] attached to what is now mainland china .

For the last 6,000 years Hong Kong 's coastline has remained unchanged .
for the last 6,000 years hong kong 's coastline has [stayed] unchanged .

Indosinia has remained anchored to the south-east corner of Laurasia since the start of geological history .
indosinia has [stayed] anchored to the south-east corner of laurasia since the start of geological history .

Though it has remained in much the same place , it has undergone very extensive modifications and these have profoundly influenced the distribution of its wildlife .
though it has [stayed] in much the same place , it has undergone very extensive modifications and these have profoundly influenced the distribution of its wildlife .

Higher pensions were payable to those who remained in work beyond this age ; these rose by annual increments for all retiring up to the age of 65/70 .
higher pensions were payable to those who [stayed] in work beyond this age ; these rose by annual increments for all retiring up to the age of 65/70 .

However , two main objectives remained central to the movement throughout the period : early retirement combined with adequate state pensions .
however , two main objectives [stayed] central to the movement throughout the period : early retirement combined with adequate state pensions .

These then are the main characteristics which distinguish the early retired from other older workers who remained actually or potentially in the labour market : the former were more likely to have been close to pension age , to report ill health , to be better off financially and to have non-manual occupations .
these then are the main characteristics which distinguish the early retired from other older workers who [stayed] actually or potentially in the labour market : the former were more likely to have been close to pension age , to report ill health , to be better off financially and to have non-manual occupations .

Although a minority of the group succeeded in finding jobs , these did not last long , and , like the rest of this group , who remained unemployed , they became frustrated and disillusioned by the difficulties they experienced in finding employment and by the attitude of employers to older workers .
although a minority of the group succeeded in finding jobs , these did not last long , and , like the rest of this group , who [stayed] unemployed , they became frustrated and disillusioned by the difficulties they experienced in finding employment and by the attitude of employers to older workers .

Apart from the interruptions caused by injury , Winterbottom has remained England 's openside flanker ever since .
apart from the interruptions caused by injury , winterbottom has [stayed] england 's openside flanker ever since .

’ His cold rage thickened his accent , but the revolver in his hand remained steady .
’ his cold rage thickened his accent , but the revolver in his hand [stayed] steady .

The Thun-Hohensteins had still to overcome a German bureaucratic hurdle : the customs officials could hardy believe that a German-Bohemian family driven out of Bohemia could want to give back to Decin a valuable painting which was all that remained of their former wealth .
the thun-hohensteins had still to overcome a german bureaucratic hurdle : the customs officials could hardy believe that a german-bohemian family driven out of bohemia could want to give back to decin a valuable painting which was all that [stayed] of their former wealth .

It was conceived to grace the largest lobby in the United States ( in a Houston bank ) and has remained there ever since .
it was conceived to grace the largest lobby in the united states ( in a houston bank ) and has [stayed] there ever since .

They both remained silent , looking at her ; then Aggie said , ‘ She 'll come for you in the mornin ' .
they both [stayed] silent , looking at her ; then aggie said , ‘ she 'll come for you in the mornin ' .

Her great-grandparents had lived in this house ; it was her great-grandfather who had bought the farm ; but from where had come the money for a Polish immigrant to buy a farm in those far-off days remained a mystery to both her grandfather and , of course , her father .
her great-grandparents had lived in this house ; it was her great-grandfather who had bought the farm ; but from where had come the money for a polish immigrant to buy a farm in those far-off days [stayed] a mystery to both her grandfather and , of course , her father .

The crowd of women and the big man had gone out into the street , but the thin man remained ; and he looked from the child towards the closed door before he , too , turned and went out .
the crowd of women and the big man had gone out into the street , but the thin man [stayed] ; and he looked from the child towards the closed door before he , too , turned and went out .

She liked wearing the cap ; it made her feel different , as did the long grey coat that went down to the top of her boots , because then she did not feel like Millie Forester , whose mother and father were dead and had no-one belonging to her , except the fat woman and the man with short legs , but more like a princess who , every now and again , donned strange clothes and went out among the common people , and was kind to them , and yet always remained a princess under the disguise .
she liked wearing the cap ; it made her feel different , as did the long grey coat that went down to the top of her boots , because then she did not feel like millie forester , whose mother and father were dead and had no-one belonging to her , except the fat woman and the man with short legs , but more like a princess who , every now and again , donned strange clothes and went out among the common people , and was kind to them , and yet always [stayed] a princess under the disguise .

For his first work on a standard-gauge railway Boyd has remained in that favoured territory , North Wales , and almost fittingly he has chosen one of the Principality 's less well known routes .
for his first work on a standard-gauge railway boyd has [stayed] in that favoured territory , north wales , and almost fittingly he has chosen one of the principality 's less well known routes .

It has remained in Prague ever since and is currently on show at the Czech capital 's National Gallery .
it has [stayed] in prague ever since and is currently on show at the czech capital 's national gallery .

On the morning of 13 January Sotheby 's offered Fragonard 's delicate brown wash drawing of ‘ The Garden of a Italian Villa ’ which , despite being featured in several exhibitions in the 1940s and 1950s , had remained unpublished and largely unknown .
on the morning of 13 january sotheby 's offered fragonard 's delicate brown wash drawing of ‘ the garden of a italian villa ’ which , despite being featured in several exhibitions in the 1940s and 1950s , had [stayed] unpublished and largely unknown .

The Council of Europe has remained Western Europe 's largest organisation .
the council of europe has [stayed] western europe 's largest organisation .

Each state still retained a large measure of protectionism against the others , and complete free trade still remained as far away as ever .
each state still retained a large measure of protectionism against the others , and complete free trade still [stayed] as far away as ever .

Indeed , the excise duties remained so markedly different that tax controls on the borders between the Benelux states had to be maintained .
indeed , the excise duties [stayed] so markedly different that tax controls on the borders between the benelux states had to be maintained .

There were several reasons why Adenauer pursued such a line of argument : it might be a way of helping the new West German state to achieve equality in the international order ; it might placate West German annoyance over the role of the International Ruhr Authority ; and it might in time offer an opportunity for West Germany to regain sovereignty of the coal and steel producing Saar , which still remained in French hands .
there were several reasons why adenauer pursued such a line of argument : it might be a way of helping the new west german state to achieve equality in the international order ; it might placate west german annoyance over the role of the international ruhr authority ; and it might in time offer an opportunity for west germany to regain sovereignty of the coal and steel producing saar , which still [stayed] in french hands .

He recycled the wheels a few times but still the lights remained on .
he recycled the wheels a few times but still the lights [stayed] on .

He feels lucky in that the aeroplane was very strong , although it broke up into several pieces , the cockpit remained intact .
he feels lucky in that the aeroplane was very strong , although it broke up into several pieces , the cockpit [stayed] intact .

The stick , after the apparent improvement of his pulled tendons , remained in his office , always in the corner by the door where he hung his coat .
the stick , after the apparent improvement of his pulled tendons , [stayed] in his office , always in the corner by the door where he hung his coat .

The autopsy found his stomach was empty , and in his bag was a tin of sardines , which had remained stubbornly closed to his frozen fingers .
the autopsy found his stomach was empty , and in his bag was a tin of sardines , which had [stayed] stubbornly closed to his frozen fingers .

We felt optimistic about the weather , which had remained perfect , and about our chances .
we felt optimistic about the weather , which had [stayed] perfect , and about our chances .

Ninety-two Naval aircraft were lost and 31 damaged , 96 Army aircraft were lost — only seven aircraft remained airworthy at the end of the attack — eighteen ships including eight battleships were lost or damaged .
ninety-two naval aircraft were lost and 31 damaged , 96 army aircraft were lost — only seven aircraft [stayed] airworthy at the end of the attack — eighteen ships including eight battleships were lost or damaged .

They remained disassembled for several years in storage awaiting a studio decision on their fate .
they [stayed] disassembled for several years in storage awaiting a studio decision on their fate .

Riding on the back of a tempestuous wind , this journey became an epic of its time , being accomplished at a speed which remained unequalled until surpassed by an aeroplane more than a century later .
riding on the back of a tempestuous wind , this journey became an epic of its time , being accomplished at a speed which [stayed] unequalled until surpassed by an aeroplane more than a century later .

However , in November 1935 22 Squadron was sent to Malta , where they remained until the end of August 1936 .
however , in november 1935 22 squadron was sent to malta , where they [stayed] until the end of august 1936 .

Evidently the attainment of an ordered world consonant with divine laws remained the ideological framework of antislavery .
evidently the attainment of an ordered world consonant with divine laws [stayed] the ideological framework of antislavery .

Many , particularly evangelical and women abolitionists , remained primarily concerned with antislavery as the path to true moral order ; evidence from local provincial associations will be cited on p.34 .
many , particularly evangelical and women abolitionists , [stayed] primarily concerned with antislavery as the path to true moral order ; evidence from local provincial associations will be cited on p.34 .

Finally , in continuity with some elements of the earlier anti-slave trade argument , Buxton , Stephen and Clarkson all saw British pride in the achievement of abolition and the moral stature this accorded the nation , at least in its own eyes , as requiring the step of liberating those who had been stolen from Africa before 1807 and their descendants since the principle of hostility to man stealing remained the same .
finally , in continuity with some elements of the earlier anti-slave trade argument , buxton , stephen and clarkson all saw british pride in the achievement of abolition and the moral stature this accorded the nation , at least in its own eyes , as requiring the step of liberating those who had been stolen from africa before 1807 and their descendants since the principle of hostility to man stealing [stayed] the same .

However , while the condition of struggle with the West Indians remained a constant , at least until 1838 , in providing a rationale for national organisations , how they were conceived as operating at various times , and even at the same time by different reformers , varied significantly .
however , while the condition of struggle with the west indians [stayed] a constant , at least until 1838 , in providing a rationale for national organisations , how they were conceived as operating at various times , and even at the same time by different reformers , varied significantly .

Petitioning remained a weapon of agitation against the apprenticeship system up to 1838 .
petitioning [stayed] a weapon of agitation against the apprenticeship system up to 1838 .

It was a habit which remained a stand-by of abolitionists in the campaigns for emancipation and against apprenticeship ; Wilberforce was convinced however that , contrary to the practice of 1790 , pressure near the end of a parliament was likely to be more effective as MPs ' minds were concentrated by the approach of an election .
it was a habit which [stayed] a stand-by of abolitionists in the campaigns for emancipation and against apprenticeship ; wilberforce was convinced however that , contrary to the practice of 1790 , pressure near the end of a parliament was likely to be more effective as mps ' minds were concentrated by the approach of an election .

There remained one other tactic in these years , which had an earlier antislavery history too , designed to provide a role for individual abolitionists in England and convince them that they were contributing to advancing freedom internationally ; it was the tactic of economic boycott of slave-grown raw materials or goods produced from them .
there [stayed] one other tactic in these years , which had an earlier antislavery history too , designed to provide a role for individual abolitionists in england and convince them that they were contributing to advancing freedom internationally ; it was the tactic of economic boycott of slave-grown raw materials or goods produced from them .

Though not entirely restricted to Friends , it was an approach particularly appealing to people in whom quietist instincts remained strong both before and after the direct political involvement exemplified by the election of Joseph Pease to parliament in 1832 .
though not entirely restricted to friends , it was an approach particularly appealing to people in whom quietist instincts [stayed] strong both before and after the direct political involvement exemplified by the election of joseph pease to parliament in 1832 .

Throughout its fluctuating history in antislavery it remained a badge of ‘ purity ’ and a mark of earnestness .
throughout its fluctuating history in antislavery it [stayed] a badge of ‘ purity ’ and a mark of earnestness .

Clarkson remained an Anglican and an evangelical but was extremely close to a host of Quaker reformers .
clarkson [stayed] an anglican and an evangelical but was extremely close to a host of quaker reformers .

While the drama of the mass mobilisation phase remained , however , with its engendering of collective determination and the warmth of fellowship , rank-and-file abolitionists could shake off ‘ coldness and opposition ’ and ‘ Be steadfast .
while the drama of the mass mobilisation phase [stayed] , however , with its engendering of collective determination and the warmth of fellowship , rank-and-file abolitionists could shake off ‘ coldness and opposition ’ and ‘ be steadfast .

Political leadership of the cause remained , into the 1830s , in the hands primarily of the upper echelons of the Anglican middle class but mass support depended upon the activism of evangelical dissent down to and including the artisan class .
political leadership of the cause [stayed] , into the 1830s , in the hands primarily of the upper echelons of the anglican middle class but mass support depended upon the activism of evangelical dissent down to and including the artisan class .

But after the first somewhat angry alienation ' , apart from Macaulay who remained doubtful , the honesty of the old antislavery leadership and of the Young England Agency men enabled them ‘ to play successfully into each other 's hands .
but after the first somewhat angry alienation ' , apart from macaulay who [stayed] doubtful , the honesty of the old antislavery leadership and of the young england agency men enabled them ‘ to play successfully into each other 's hands .

These same questions have remained close to the heart of theological debate ever since : How do we know what we know , and how can we be sure that we really know it ?
these same questions have [stayed] close to the heart of theological debate ever since : how do we know what we know , and how can we be sure that we really know it ?

He differed from Hegel in his particular emphasis on historical study of the New Testament , but remained Idealist in his theology .
he differed from hegel in his particular emphasis on historical study of the new testament , but [stayed] idealist in his theology .

Virtually no aspect of our lives , especially in the developed countries , has remained unaffected by them , and religion and theology are certainly not exempt .
virtually no aspect of our lives , especially in the developed countries , has [stayed] unaffected by them , and religion and theology are certainly not exempt .

He then became professor in Basle , where he remained for the rest of his long life .
he then became professor in basle , where he [stayed] for the rest of his long life .

The three emphases just mentioned were and remained central to Barth 's theology .
the three emphases just mentioned were and [stayed] central to barth 's theology .

Bultmann was primarily a New Testament scholar , and his theological position , once he had settled it to his own satisfaction , remained more or less inflexible thereafter .
bultmann was primarily a new testament scholar , and his theological position , once he had settled it to his own satisfaction , [stayed] more or less inflexible thereafter .

Net earnings per share remained at $ 0.24 .
net earnings per share [stayed] at $ 0.24 .

Over the next eight months the pair remained together although no more spawning preparation took place .
over the next eight months the pair [stayed] together although no more spawning preparation took place .

Movies had won a considerable audience but that audience would be permanently restricted if the industry remained at the edge of society proper , if it remained a side-show or an underground activity .
movies had won a considerable audience but that audience would be permanently restricted if the industry [stayed] at the edge of society proper , if it [stayed] a side-show or an underground activity .

Even then Chaplin avoided being too socially specific , for over and above this there was his own never quite fully adult quality and his essential reliance on mime technique and silence which ensured that he remained a fairy-tale symbol and never became a real-life person .
even then chaplin avoided being too socially specific , for over and above this there was his own never quite fully adult quality and his essential reliance on mime technique and silence which ensured that he [stayed] a fairy-tale symbol and never became a real-life person .

Hollywood had always been prepared to use social realism in the service of melodrama and especially in the service of making prestige films out of literary classics and this practice remained in evidence during these years and led to such notable films as An American Tragedy and All Quiet on the Western Front .
hollywood had always been prepared to use social realism in the service of melodrama and especially in the service of making prestige films out of literary classics and this practice [stayed] in evidence during these years and led to such notable films as an american tragedy and all quiet on the western front .

Warner Bros remained committed to social drama and their ideas boys eagerly perused the papers for potential stories .
warner bros [stayed] committed to social drama and their ideas boys eagerly perused the papers for potential stories .

The way individual schools were organised , the pattern of the school day , the drafting and implementation of the curriculum remained , and continues to remain , the responsibility of the staff of each school .
the way individual schools were organised , the pattern of the school day , the drafting and implementation of the curriculum [stayed] , and continues to remain , the responsibility of the staff of each school .

There remained in the polytechnics ( as there had been in the former teacher training colleges ) lecturers who , having experience of teaching in primary schools , acknowledged the importance of approaching teacher education in a broader , more holistic way .
there [stayed] in the polytechnics ( as there had been in the former teacher training colleges ) lecturers who , having experience of teaching in primary schools , acknowledged the importance of approaching teacher education in a broader , more holistic way .

He had been boxing in South Africa for three years and , according to boxing historian Gilbert Odd , had remained unbeaten for the first two years ( 1978 , pp.18–19 ) .
he had been boxing in south africa for three years and , according to boxing historian gilbert odd , had [stayed] unbeaten for the first two years ( 1978 , pp.18–19 ) .

Whilst not doubting that the slaves were treated by their conquerors and masters as akin to live-stock rather than like human beings , it strains credulity to say that , in the decades after emancipation in 1865 , the stock somehow remained ‘ pure ’ .
whilst not doubting that the slaves were treated by their conquerors and masters as akin to live-stock rather than like human beings , it strains credulity to say that , in the decades after emancipation in 1865 , the stock somehow [stayed] ‘ pure ’ .

In his initial phase of competition , Hunter remained undefeated for eighteen months .
in his initial phase of competition , hunter [stayed] undefeated for eighteen months .

Of course , many things have changed , but even in the Nuffield era ‘ the emphasis has remained on abstract … ‘ technically sweet ’ science , dissociated from its applications and implications ’ .
of course , many things have changed , but even in the nuffield era ‘ the emphasis has [stayed] on abstract … ‘ technically sweet ’ science , dissociated from its applications and implications ’ .

Other economic benefits of migrant labour include the recruitment of migrants to particular jobs at lower wages than indigenous workers , partly because job titles and grades could be invented to cover up the fact that job content remained the same , and also because of the threat of repatriation and other forms of intimidation ; the enhanced possibilities for the introduction of shiftwork and piece-work , deskilling , and the slower introduction of safety measures ; the avoidance of national insurance payments by the recruitment of illegal migrants ; and the ability to shed and recruit with relative ease , thus avoiding the costs of labour hoarding ( Paine , 1977 ; Fevre , 1983 ) .
other economic benefits of migrant labour include the recruitment of migrants to particular jobs at lower wages than indigenous workers , partly because job titles and grades could be invented to cover up the fact that job content [stayed] the same , and also because of the threat of repatriation and other forms of intimidation ; the enhanced possibilities for the introduction of shiftwork and piece-work , deskilling , and the slower introduction of safety measures ; the avoidance of national insurance payments by the recruitment of illegal migrants ; and the ability to shed and recruit with relative ease , thus avoiding the costs of labour hoarding ( paine , 1977 ; fevre , 1983 ) .

Throughout the nineteenth century , Europe remained predominantly a rural society , particularly in southern and central Europe ( including France , Italy , Spain , Belgium and Austria ) where great importance attached to the Catholic Church .
throughout the nineteenth century , europe [stayed] predominantly a rural society , particularly in southern and central europe ( including france , italy , spain , belgium and austria ) where great importance attached to the catholic church .

In Germany a division into socialist , Liberal and Christian unions remained until the end of the Weimar Republic in 1933 .
in germany a division into socialist , liberal and christian unions [stayed] until the end of the weimar republic in 1933 .

In the United States government support for organised labour came at a later date than in Europe ( only in the mid-1930s ) , and even then it still remained open to employers to try to persuade their own workers ( short of using overt coercion ) not to vote for union bargaining rights ( i.e .
in the united states government support for organised labour came at a later date than in europe ( only in the mid-1930s ) , and even then it still [stayed] open to employers to try to persuade their own workers ( short of using overt coercion ) not to vote for union bargaining rights ( i.e .

Conversely , where employers ' associations remained weak and underdeveloped — as in France up to the inter-war period — collective bargaining played a negligible role in setting the terms and conditions of employment , with the result that legislative provisions assumed relatively greater importance .
conversely , where employers ' associations [stayed] weak and underdeveloped — as in france up to the inter-war period — collective bargaining played a negligible role in setting the terms and conditions of employment , with the result that legislative provisions assumed relatively greater importance .

Although the ceremonies contained in the Directory of Public Worship remained the official liturgy of the English church throughout the period from 1645 to the Restoration , few English parishes appear to have welcomed them with any enthusiasm , and all over the country clergymen continued to conduct services based substantially on the old Book of Common Prayer .
although the ceremonies contained in the directory of public worship [stayed] the official liturgy of the english church throughout the period from 1645 to the restoration , few english parishes appear to have welcomed them with any enthusiasm , and all over the country clergymen continued to conduct services based substantially on the old book of common prayer .

Of particular importance was the eucharist , which involved the miracle of transubstantiation ; since the twelfth century , the Catholic church had argued that , although the ‘ accidents ’ ( or external appearance ) of the bread and wine remained unchanged during the mass , the substance of both was turned by the priest at the moment of consecration into the body and blood of Christ .
of particular importance was the eucharist , which involved the miracle of transubstantiation ; since the twelfth century , the catholic church had argued that , although the ‘ accidents ’ ( or external appearance ) of the bread and wine [stayed] unchanged during the mass , the substance of both was turned by the priest at the moment of consecration into the body and blood of christ .

The fall of Thomas Cromwell the following year helped to ensure that this conservative statement of faith remained in force until Henry 's death .
the fall of thomas cromwell the following year helped to ensure that this conservative statement of faith [stayed] in force until henry 's death .

’ While the doctrinal pronouncements remained inexact , the commemorative interpretation was encouraged by Elizabeth 's injunctions of 1559 , which ordered that communion be dispensed from a table placed in the middle of the chancel during services , rather than from an altar .
’ while the doctrinal pronouncements [stayed] inexact , the commemorative interpretation was encouraged by elizabeth 's injunctions of 1559 , which ordered that communion be dispensed from a table placed in the middle of the chancel during services , rather than from an altar .

It must never be forgotten that the great majority of the English people had only a passing interest in the niceties of academic theology , and that outside the bishops ' palaces and the two universities such issues remained relatively unimportant .
it must never be forgotten that the great majority of the english people had only a passing interest in the niceties of academic theology , and that outside the bishops ' palaces and the two universities such issues [stayed] relatively unimportant .

Yet , even as this crisis came to a head , the bishops remained unrepentant .
yet , even as this crisis came to a head , the bishops [stayed] unrepentant .

Throughout the period of the civil war and Interregnum , successive parliamentary and military regimes presided over a church establishment which remained staunchly Calvinist in outlook , and accepted the full , literal interpretation of the doctrine of predestination .
throughout the period of the civil war and interregnum , successive parliamentary and military regimes presided over a church establishment which [stayed] staunchly calvinist in outlook , and accepted the full , literal interpretation of the doctrine of predestination .

Despite these minor concessions towards decoration , between 1560 and 1625 the great majority of English churches remained without any significant internal ornamentation .
despite these minor concessions towards decoration , between 1560 and 1625 the great majority of english churches [stayed] without any significant internal ornamentation .

While the English army remained preoccupied during the early 1650s with these military campaigns against the Irish and Scots , the Rump of the Long Parliament was able to pursue a foreign policy motivated primarily by commercial considerations , leading England into a naval war with her principal trading rival , Protestant Holland .
while the english army [stayed] preoccupied during the early 1650s with these military campaigns against the irish and scots , the rump of the long parliament was able to pursue a foreign policy motivated primarily by commercial considerations , leading england into a naval war with her principal trading rival , protestant holland .

Throughout the same twenty-eight years , however , a large body of both lay and clerical opinion within England remained deeply suspicious of the papacy and firmly attached to the international Protestant cause .
throughout the same twenty-eight years , however , a large body of both lay and clerical opinion within england [stayed] deeply suspicious of the papacy and firmly attached to the international protestant cause .

Although the early modern period was a time of profound religious and cultural upheaval in England , certain important features of popular belief and religious practice remained largely unchanged throughout the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries .
although the early modern period was a time of profound religious and cultural upheaval in england , certain important features of popular belief and religious practice [stayed] largely unchanged throughout the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries .

At one extreme , some of the more staunch believers , Catholic and Protestant alike , were obsessed with religious questions to a degree which most twentieth-century observers would consider neurotic and obsessional ; in contrast , at the other end of the spectrum , there existed a minority of lay men and women who consistently ignored their legal obligation to attend regular Sunday services and remained extraordinarily ignorant of even the most basic tenets of Christianity .
at one extreme , some of the more staunch believers , catholic and protestant alike , were obsessed with religious questions to a degree which most twentieth-century observers would consider neurotic and obsessional ; in contrast , at the other end of the spectrum , there existed a minority of lay men and women who consistently ignored their legal obligation to attend regular sunday services and [stayed] extraordinarily ignorant of even the most basic tenets of christianity .

At a time when so many natural phenomena remained both inexplicable and uncontrollable , and when medical knowledge was more often a force for harm than good , many individuals continued to feel a pressing need for supernatural assistance , and to seek it indiscriminately through both Christian prayers and magical charms .
at a time when so many natural phenomena [stayed] both inexplicable and uncontrollable , and when medical knowledge was more often a force for harm than good , many individuals continued to feel a pressing need for supernatural assistance , and to seek it indiscriminately through both christian prayers and magical charms .

While marriage was no longer a sacrament , it remained ‘ holy matrimony ’ , and involved the reading of banns in church and the use of the ring .
while marriage was no longer a sacrament , it [stayed] ‘ holy matrimony ’ , and involved the reading of banns in church and the use of the ring .

The London theatres , which had for so long been a particular thorn in the side of Puritan moralists such as William Prynne , were closed down at the outbreak of the civil war and remained shut until the Restoration .
the london theatres , which had for so long been a particular thorn in the side of puritan moralists such as william prynne , were closed down at the outbreak of the civil war and [stayed] shut until the restoration .

Thus placed , however , it remained a potential danger to the right and rear of the advancing German Army .
thus placed , however , it [stayed] a potential danger to the right and rear of the advancing german army .

Two plans were therefore devised , although Russia 's military dispositions remained identical for both .
two plans were therefore devised , although russia 's military dispositions [stayed] identical for both .

Samsonov 's westward drive took him even farther from Rennenkampf , who after Gumbinnen had remained stationary in the north to enable Samsonov 's now wider sweeping movement to complete the German encirclement .
samsonov 's westward drive took him even farther from rennenkampf , who after gumbinnen had [stayed] stationary in the north to enable samsonov 's now wider sweeping movement to complete the german encirclement .

The Germans were temporarily secure behind the bridges , however , and remained poised while they awaited the arrival of a new army of volunteers .
the germans were temporarily secure behind the bridges , however , and [stayed] poised while they awaited the arrival of a new army of volunteers .

Through King Albert 's foresight , the Belgian Army , though retreating , remained intact on the coast .
through king albert 's foresight , the belgian army , though retreating , [stayed] intact on the coast .

However , these two commanders also remained at sea throughout the landings and so had as little idea as Hamilton of what was going forward .
however , these two commanders also [stayed] at sea throughout the landings and so had as little idea as hamilton of what was going forward .

Many lives had been lost , Turkey continued active on the side of the Central Powers , and the passage from the Black Sea remained closed to Russia , leaving her still separated from , and unsupplied by , her allies .
many lives had been lost , turkey continued active on the side of the central powers , and the passage from the black sea [stayed] closed to russia , leaving her still separated from , and unsupplied by , her allies .

During those nine days , the concealed German troops remained , like hibernating animals , in the reinforced , underground galleries that they had methodically constructed .
during those nine days , the concealed german troops [stayed] , like hibernating animals , in the reinforced , underground galleries that they had methodically constructed .

The French line was destroyed and its troops nearly annihilated , but a few remained and , farther back , still more .
the french line was destroyed and its troops nearly annihilated , but a few [stayed] and , farther back , still more .

The German High Seas Fleet was locked into its harbours ; nevertheless two questions remained .
the german high seas fleet was locked into its harbours ; nevertheless two questions [stayed] .

As long as the British had numerical superiority in ships , as long as Nelson 's unbroken string of victories remained unblemished by subsequent defeats , the authority of the Royal Navy was a generally accepted truth .
as long as the british had numerical superiority in ships , as long as nelson 's unbroken string of victories [stayed] unblemished by subsequent defeats , the authority of the royal navy was a generally accepted truth .

For the Central Powers , however , the situation remained perilous in the extreme .
for the central powers , however , the situation [stayed] perilous in the extreme .

Yet Haig was unchastened , indeed remained supremely confident .
yet haig was unchastened , indeed [stayed] supremely confident .

There was no justice , so most people thought , now that the war was so costly in life and likely to be prolonged , in returning the middle-aged and wounded to the front while healthy , strong young men remained safely at home .
there was no justice , so most people thought , now that the war was so costly in life and likely to be prolonged , in returning the middle-aged and wounded to the front while healthy , strong young men [stayed] safely at home .

The situation had altered dramatically , but Nivelle remained confident that he could break through German lines with little loss of life .
the situation had altered dramatically , but nivelle [stayed] confident that he could break through german lines with little loss of life .

The second phase of the attack went in on 26 September , a day when the weather was unusually fine , although the churned up , sodden ground remained impassable and treacherous .
the second phase of the attack went in on 26 september , a day when the weather was unusually fine , although the churned up , sodden ground [stayed] impassable and treacherous .

The infantry advanced at sunrise , and the Australians had soon captured what remained untaken of Polygon Wood .
the infantry advanced at sunrise , and the australians had soon captured what [stayed] untaken of polygon wood .

Victory for the Allies remained as elusive as ever , despite some 250,000 casualties .
victory for the allies [stayed] as elusive as ever , despite some 250,000 casualties .

The acting was almost a by-product of that and had it not been for a fortuitous advertisement in Cardiff 's Western Mail , it might have remained just that .
the acting was almost a by-product of that and had it not been for a fortuitous advertisement in cardiff 's western mail , it might have [stayed] just that .

Anyway , indisputably well-connected and a ‘ toff ’ and after an initial spat ( very common with Burton , the initial spat with those who later became good pals ) , they became and remained fast friends .
anyway , indisputably well-connected and a ‘ toff ’ and after an initial spat ( very common with burton , the initial spat with those who later became good pals ) , they became and [stayed] fast friends .

She remained the faithful wife but Richard certainly appears to have had the licence to rove .
she [stayed] the faithful wife but richard certainly appears to have had the licence to rove .

When the Devil was driven from the centre of the Divine Drama , as he was by the medieval scholastics , he resurfaced elsewhere among the superstitious beliefs of medieval Europe , where he remained despite the Reformation .
when the devil was driven from the centre of the divine drama , as he was by the medieval scholastics , he resurfaced elsewhere among the superstitious beliefs of medieval europe , where he [stayed] despite the reformation .

In the East the ransom view also fell into disuse , but the Devil remained as a major opponent to be defeated by Christ on the cross .
in the east the ransom view also fell into disuse , but the devil [stayed] as a major opponent to be defeated by christ on the cross .

Although individual men and women , and sometimes whole nations , took God 's side against the Evil One , the world remained enemy territory .
although individual men and women , and sometimes whole nations , took god 's side against the evil one , the world [stayed] enemy territory .

When the Christian Brethren movement and the Catholic Apostolic Church emerged in Britain in the 1830s and the Millerites in New England waited for the return of Christ in the 1840s , adventism had already taken firm root in evangelicalism ( where it has remained ever since ) .
when the christian brethren movement and the catholic apostolic church emerged in britain in the 1830s and the millerites in new england waited for the return of christ in the 1840s , adventism had already taken firm root in evangelicalism ( where it has [stayed] ever since ) .

Manea Manescu , who counted as the intellectual of the group , tried to explain how ‘ the road to hell is paved with good intentions ’ , but , despite all the difficulties of his position , he had remained ‘ faithful to the principles of his youth ’ .
manea manescu , who counted as the intellectual of the group , tried to explain how ‘ the road to hell is paved with good intentions ’ , but , despite all the difficulties of his position , he had [stayed] ‘ faithful to the principles of his youth ’ .

The British establishment has remained remarkably reticent about the whole episode , which culminated in Her Majesty the Queen bestowing an honorary knighthood on Nicolae Ceauşescu , while distinguished academics and scientists joined together to honour their ‘ colleague ’ , Elena Ceauşescu .
the british establishment has [stayed] remarkably reticent about the whole episode , which culminated in her majesty the queen bestowing an honorary knighthood on nicolae ceauşescu , while distinguished academics and scientists joined together to honour their ‘ colleague ’ , elena ceauşescu .

At worst , Western politicians , and some academic and journalistic commentators , have shared the mentality of the apparatchiks , but most have remained attached to their illusions that differences between East and West were based on misunderstandings rather than fundamental disagreements .
at worst , western politicians , and some academic and journalistic commentators , have shared the mentality of the apparatchiks , but most have [stayed] attached to their illusions that differences between east and west were based on misunderstandings rather than fundamental disagreements .

Figures such as Margaret Thatcher and Edward Heath , on the other hand , have remained remarkably quiet , although the idea of the state visit and some signal honour went back to 1970 — 4 .
figures such as margaret thatcher and edward heath , on the other hand , have [stayed] remarkably quiet , although the idea of the state visit and some signal honour went back to 1970 — 4 .

It was testimony to the effectiveness of the terror inspired by the Securitate that unlike Jan Palach in Prague in 1969 , the dead man 's suicidal gesture of protest remained anonymous .
it was testimony to the effectiveness of the terror inspired by the securitate that unlike jan palach in prague in 1969 , the dead man 's suicidal gesture of protest [stayed] anonymous .

But though , at the revolution , Romanians were shocked by stories about the pictures of the luxurious excesses of the Ceauşescus ' lifestyle — which until then had remained private — they had to whisper about their children , especially Nicu , if they wanted gossip of a Neronian quality .
but though , at the revolution , romanians were shocked by stories about the pictures of the luxurious excesses of the ceauşescus ' lifestyle — which until then had [stayed] private — they had to whisper about their children , especially nicu , if they wanted gossip of a neronian quality .

More than forty thousand people were moved from the old city centre to make way for the new buildings , but even though stereotyped blocks of flats were put up around the site of the palace and were in many cases completed by the spring of 1988 , they remained empty until after the revolution .
more than forty thousand people were moved from the old city centre to make way for the new buildings , but even though stereotyped blocks of flats were put up around the site of the palace and were in many cases completed by the spring of 1988 , they [stayed] empty until after the revolution .

The plan of ‘ systematization ’ if it had been carried through would have left them the only repositories of folk-culture and architecture , since the threefold slogan ‘ Systematization — Modernization — Civilization ’ would have left little of what remained unscarred .
the plan of ‘ systematization ’ if it had been carried through would have left them the only repositories of folk-culture and architecture , since the threefold slogan ‘ systematization — modernization — civilization ’ would have left little of what [stayed] unscarred .

First , the proportion of people who remained unmoved by disclosure of credit costs and interest rates — on average , more than two-thirds of the sample — was large .
first , the proportion of people who [stayed] unmoved by disclosure of credit costs and interest rates — on average , more than two-thirds of the sample — was large .

Like the disappearance of Mallory and Irvine over 50 years before , what happened in the next few hours or days has remained one of the mountain 's unfathomable secrets .
like the disappearance of mallory and irvine over 50 years before , what happened in the next few hours or days has [stayed] one of the mountain 's unfathomable secrets .

‘ If you remained a friend of Bills 's — and it was difficult not to — you were forced to admit that modesty did not rate highly in his scheme of the virtues .
‘ if you [stayed] a friend of bills 's — and it was difficult not to — you were forced to admit that modesty did not rate highly in his scheme of the virtues .

While most of our missionaries in Zaire were evacuated home last autumn , Gwen Hunter , a pharmacist at Kimpese , remained .
while most of our missionaries in zaire were evacuated home last autumn , gwen hunter , a pharmacist at kimpese , [stayed] .

Transport nevertheless remained a major problem , and as Commandos ' equipment for raiding roles did not include those infantryman 's delights of defensive wire and mines — not , that is , in the normal course — they always had problems in battles of attrition .
transport nevertheless [stayed] a major problem , and as commandos ' equipment for raiding roles did not include those infantryman 's delights of defensive wire and mines — not , that is , in the normal course — they always had problems in battles of attrition .

They withdrew down a gulley to the beach under fire that intensified as they remained below the cliffs , a sea mist shrouding their signals to the landing craft .
they withdrew down a gulley to the beach under fire that intensified as they [stayed] below the cliffs , a sea mist shrouding their signals to the landing craft .

Lieutenant Gerry Mackenzie reported by telephone — the civilian network remained open long after the Japanese invasion — that he could see lights in the estuary of the Comoro river and a patrol went out for a quick recce .
lieutenant gerry mackenzie reported by telephone — the civilian network [stayed] open long after the japanese invasion — that he could see lights in the estuary of the comoro river and a patrol went out for a quick recce .

The 2/2 Independent Company could now fulfil this role because they had remained a cohesive force , not just as a result of their training and leadership but in no small measure because these were men used to living in dry country and capable of fending for themselves in the basic departments of survival .
the 2/2 independent company could now fulfil this role because they had [stayed] a cohesive force , not just as a result of their training and leadership but in no small measure because these were men used to living in dry country and capable of fending for themselves in the basic departments of survival .

Although 2/4 remained on the island for several more weeks , they were constantly embroiled in unsatisfactory skirmishes with natives supported by Japanese machine-gun teams .
although 2/4 [stayed] on the island for several more weeks , they were constantly embroiled in unsatisfactory skirmishes with natives supported by japanese machine-gun teams .

The bulk of it has been removed , but the 50-year-old wooded floor remained .
the bulk of it has been removed , but the 50-year-old wooded floor [stayed] .

It is the author 's conviction that this subject is highly relevant not just to the overseas missionary situation , but to many sectors of society in the western world which as yet have remained unreached and resistant to the traditional approaches of the institutional churches .
it is the author 's conviction that this subject is highly relevant not just to the overseas missionary situation , but to many sectors of society in the western world which as yet have [stayed] unreached and resistant to the traditional approaches of the institutional churches .

Time after time , ministers who thought they knew their churches inside-out discover new factors relating to their growth or lack of it , of which they would have remained blissfully unaware if they had not taken the trouble to investigate .
time after time , ministers who thought they knew their churches inside-out discover new factors relating to their growth or lack of it , of which they would have [stayed] blissfully unaware if they had not taken the trouble to investigate .

Fashion and make-up have been with us for a very long time indeed — there are make-up palettes surviving from ancient Egypt — and although men in certain times and cultures may devote a lot of effort to their appearance , it has remained chiefly a feminine domain .
fashion and make-up have been with us for a very long time indeed — there are make-up palettes surviving from ancient egypt — and although men in certain times and cultures may devote a lot of effort to their appearance , it has [stayed] chiefly a feminine domain .

After the evening when he introduced Atkins , he remained in the background and his place as the latter 's companion was taken by a swarthy newcomer .
after the evening when he introduced atkins , he [stayed] in the background and his place as the latter 's companion was taken by a swarthy newcomer .

He remained at home from work on various days through terror of being waylaid on emerging from the factory .
he [stayed] at home from work on various days through terror of being waylaid on emerging from the factory .

The Special Branch man remained hidden behind the screen for prosecution witnesses , but did not wear the heavy socks and mocassins or use the voice distorter .
the special branch man [stayed] hidden behind the screen for prosecution witnesses , but did not wear the heavy socks and mocassins or use the voice distorter .

In 1754 Ramsay was again in Italy , where he remained for three years , developing the wonderfully delicate style of his maturity , and constantly drawing from life with all the avidity to learn of a student .
in 1754 ramsay was again in italy , where he [stayed] for three years , developing the wonderfully delicate style of his maturity , and constantly drawing from life with all the avidity to learn of a student .

Membership remained low , constituency organisation was primitive , its parliamentary presence was small , and much of the intellectual leadership was disillusioned .
membership [stayed] low , constituency organisation was primitive , its parliamentary presence was small , and much of the intellectual leadership was disillusioned .

The Labour Party … remained as it had been before 1914 — propagandist and evangelical .
the labour party … [stayed] as it had been before 1914 — propagandist and evangelical .

Excess land acquired for construction of the docks was not released , and the area remained remote in the minds of manufacturers .
excess land acquired for construction of the docks was not released , and the area [stayed] remote in the minds of manufacturers .

So rapid had been the settlement and subsequent expansion that by the outbreak of the first world war few suitable sites remained to attract new industry .
so rapid had been the settlement and subsequent expansion that by the outbreak of the first world war few suitable sites [stayed] to attract new industry .

From the early stages of industrialisation the demand for unskilled labour was exceeded only by the supply ; as an occupational category it remained dominant .
from the early stages of industrialisation the demand for unskilled labour was exceeded only by the supply ; as an occupational category it [stayed] dominant .

As industrialisation reached maturity the previously isolated settlements expanded and merged , and communications improved , but the social topography of the nineteenth century remained .
as industrialisation reached maturity the previously isolated settlements expanded and merged , and communications improved , but the social topography of the nineteenth century [stayed] .

In every area it remained the largest category , although distribution was heavily skewed toward Canning Town .
in every area it [stayed] the largest category , although distribution was heavily skewed toward canning town .

Marriage remained an effective barrier to further work for women largely through the operation of domestic ideologies enshrined in employment practice and male culture .
marriage [stayed] an effective barrier to further work for women largely through the operation of domestic ideologies enshrined in employment practice and male culture .

And yet until the outbreak of widescale industrial unrest in the late 1880s , this class remained passive .
and yet until the outbreak of widescale industrial unrest in the late 1880s , this class [stayed] passive .

Although objectives came to be redefined , compromising the original radicalism , attitudes toward representational politics remained firm .
although objectives came to be redefined , compromising the original radicalism , attitudes toward representational politics [stayed] firm .

The movement had grown in a climate of free enterprise , and while it remained relatively small it did not appear to threaten the capitalist market or private business .
the movement had grown in a climate of free enterprise , and while it [stayed] relatively small it did not appear to threaten the capitalist market or private business .

However committed the cooperative movement was to political involvement , there remained a powerful independence , and this proved decisive .
however committed the cooperative movement was to political involvement , there [stayed] a powerful independence , and this proved decisive .

Apart from a nominal annual grant from the Cooperative Union the guild remained self-governing and self-financing ( for good general accounts see Llewellyn Davies 1904 , Sharp 1933 , and Gaffin and Thoms 1983 ) .
apart from a nominal annual grant from the cooperative union the guild [stayed] self-governing and self-financing ( for good general accounts see llewellyn davies 1904 , sharp 1933 , and gaffin and thoms 1983 ) .

After thirty years of active involvement , her vision of cooperation remained undimmed :
after thirty years of active involvement , her vision of cooperation [stayed] undimmed :

In both spheres the influence of the guild remained powerful .
in both spheres the influence of the guild [stayed] powerful .

Maternity mortality rates , on the other hand , followed closely movements at the national level , although local levels remained consistently lower .
maternity mortality rates , on the other hand , followed closely movements at the national level , although local levels [stayed] consistently lower .

Some of the older imperialist rhetoric remained , but it appeared obsolete in a new world order in which Britain occupied a subordinate position .
some of the older imperialist rhetoric [stayed] , but it appeared obsolete in a new world order in which britain occupied a subordinate position .

Richard , who had so far remained silent , was bitterly disappointed at being unable to send the message to their mother .
richard , who had so far [stayed] silent , was bitterly disappointed at being unable to send the message to their mother .

Various doors of service have remained closed despite my knocking .
various doors of service have [stayed] closed despite my knocking .

For example , a general wage increase in a factory will be passed on to everyone , whether they backed the union campaign which secured it or remained inactive during a period of industrial militancy .
for example , a general wage increase in a factory will be passed on to everyone , whether they backed the union campaign which secured it or [stayed] inactive during a period of industrial militancy .

Apart from farmers , even the old petty bourgeoisie have grown or remained stable as a proportion of the labour force .
apart from farmers , even the old petty bourgeoisie have grown or [stayed] stable as a proportion of the labour force .

One can imagine combining two of these views , but in practice they have remained separate .
one can imagine combining two of these views , but in practice they have [stayed] separate .

If the problems requiring analysis are thus quite novel , the Marxist toolkit available for constructing a response has remained heavily influenced by the three approaches to the state articulated in Marx and Engels ' own work , namely , the instrumental , arbiter and functionalist models ( see pp .
if the problems requiring analysis are thus quite novel , the marxist toolkit available for constructing a response has [stayed] heavily influenced by the three approaches to the state articulated in marx and engels ' own work , namely , the instrumental , arbiter and functionalist models ( see pp .

His point was that a war in peacetime would have to be fought against unemployment , as it persistently remained above one million in the 1920s , and rose towards three million during the severe cyclical depression between 1929 and 1932 .
his point was that a war in peacetime would have to be fought against unemployment , as it persistently [stayed] above one million in the 1920s , and rose towards three million during the severe cyclical depression between 1929 and 1932 .

The Britons remained a small lecturing and debating society , with a minuscule middle-class membership .
the britons [stayed] a small lecturing and debating society , with a minuscule middle-class membership .

Unsympathetic members of the congregation remained unimpressed , however ; they maintained that the source of the vicar 's problems was the French pox !
unsympathetic members of the congregation [stayed] unimpressed , however ; they maintained that the source of the vicar 's problems was the french pox !

It is true of these wholes that if they remained otherwise the same , except that the pleasure was removed , they would only have at most a slight value .
it is true of these wholes that if they [stayed] otherwise the same , except that the pleasure was removed , they would only have at most a slight value .

By the end of 1978 when the new Powick replacement units were opened in the Worcester and Kidderminster areas , 343 patients remained in Powick .
by the end of 1978 when the new powick replacement units were opened in the worcester and kidderminster areas , 343 patients [stayed] in powick .

Yet the problems of rehabilitating the largely elderly resident hospital populations remained unsolved .
yet the problems of rehabilitating the largely elderly resident hospital populations [stayed] unsolved .

The struggle there in the sixteenth century became more embittered than ever because Ireland had remained Roman Catholic when England had become Protestant in the middle of the century .
the struggle there in the sixteenth century became more embittered than ever because ireland had [stayed] roman catholic when england had become protestant in the middle of the century .

The Virginia Company had itself produced a subsidiary company which occupied the islands at first known officially as Somers Islands — though when Shakespeare wrote The Tempest some people already called them the Bermoothes , and Bermuda it remained for posterity .
the virginia company had itself produced a subsidiary company which occupied the islands at first known officially as somers islands — though when shakespeare wrote the tempest some people already called them the bermoothes , and bermuda it [stayed] for posterity .

In the course of two centuries of wars and battles and scuffles , in which all the other islands were invaded and many were conquered , Barbados remained untouched .
in the course of two centuries of wars and battles and scuffles , in which all the other islands were invaded and many were conquered , barbados [stayed] untouched .

However , much of the island remained loyal to the monarchy : the Republic was determined to subdue the Catholic Irish and the Royalist Irish , and it was not much concerned about any differences between the two .
however , much of the island [stayed] loyal to the monarchy : the republic was determined to subdue the catholic irish and the royalist irish , and it was not much concerned about any differences between the two .

Even colonies which did not have direct religious origins would have religious commitments ; Virginia had been launched in as secular-minded a mood as almost any colony but it remained firmly attached to the forms of the Church of England , though the lack of regular episcopal organization made its clergy more responsive to the wishes of their congregations than was usually the case in England .
even colonies which did not have direct religious origins would have religious commitments ; virginia had been launched in as secular-minded a mood as almost any colony but it [stayed] firmly attached to the forms of the church of england , though the lack of regular episcopal organization made its clergy more responsive to the wishes of their congregations than was usually the case in england .

After the Treaty of Utrecht Britain remained at peace for a generation , declining to join in the only important continental war of the period , the War of the Polish Succession .
after the treaty of utrecht britain [stayed] at peace for a generation , declining to join in the only important continental war of the period , the war of the polish succession .

Investigative journalism usually implies intensive and detailed study revealing the ‘ dark under-belly ’ of a subject already in the public domain or dragging a subject which has remained conveniently hidden from view into the public domain .
investigative journalism usually implies intensive and detailed study revealing the ‘ dark under-belly ’ of a subject already in the public domain or dragging a subject which has [stayed] conveniently hidden from view into the public domain .

He put her on probation for three years on condition she remained an in-patient at a psychiatric hospital .
he put her on probation for three years on condition she [stayed] an in-patient at a psychiatric hospital .

An account which remained unchallenged in the press reports was that a girl of 12 had ‘ provoked ’ her death by failing to reveal her age prior to sex play .
an account which [stayed] unchallenged in the press reports was that a girl of 12 had ‘ provoked ’ her death by failing to reveal her age prior to sex play .

It had remained a far outpost of steam for the nationalised system for the nationalised system following the end of steam on the rest of the system in 1968 .
it had [stayed] a far outpost of steam for the nationalised system for the nationalised system following the end of steam on the rest of the system in 1968 .

There was no water , electricity or other services , the shed and yard were full or rubble and , worst of all , from a railway point of view no track remained on site .
there was no water , electricity or other services , the shed and yard were full or rubble and , worst of all , from a railway point of view no track [stayed] on site .

The freezers filled up again , and the commercial sectors of the warren glittered and blazed ; though under the multiple roofs arranged like bumpy plates of armour , many other areas remained in darkness , the only light the sick green pallor of the phosphorescent things that grew on the walls in there .
the freezers filled up again , and the commercial sectors of the warren glittered and blazed ; though under the multiple roofs arranged like bumpy plates of armour , many other areas [stayed] in darkness , the only light the sick green pallor of the phosphorescent things that grew on the walls in there .

Of her twenty-four hours , rather less than two remained .
of her twenty-four hours , rather less than two [stayed] .

Ansaf was released after five hours while her mother remained in prison for four days , reportedly without food .
ansaf was released after five hours while her mother [stayed] in prison for four days , reportedly without food .

The group elders would normally mediate and settle disputes , but in the open bush conflicts often remained unsolved with feelings of revenge simmering over extended periods .
the group elders would normally mediate and settle disputes , but in the open bush conflicts often [stayed] unsolved with feelings of revenge simmering over extended periods .

Give the commands ‘ sit and stay ’ before leaving the dog , and check that it has remained in position before entering the shop .
give the commands ‘ sit and stay ’ before leaving the dog , and check that it has [stayed] in position before entering the shop .

We hope we have contributed to the debate surrounding human aggression in a constructive and novel way ; and that we have raised some questions surrounding a number of basic notions that have remained unexamined by both the scientific and lay communities .
we hope we have contributed to the debate surrounding human aggression in a constructive and novel way ; and that we have raised some questions surrounding a number of basic notions that have [stayed] unexamined by both the scientific and lay communities .

But however the goals of their lowland neighbours have shifted over time , they have remained essentially predatory .
but however the goals of their lowland neighbours have shifted over time , they have [stayed] essentially predatory .

The Spanish Church , although forced by nineteenth-century liberal governments to release most of its vast landed wealth , remained during the early twentieth century a rich , powerful and traditionalist institution whose ties with the wealthy classes , moreover , were becoming closer .
the spanish church , although forced by nineteenth-century liberal governments to release most of its vast landed wealth , [stayed] during the early twentieth century a rich , powerful and traditionalist institution whose ties with the wealthy classes , moreover , were becoming closer .

Although sections of this lower-middle class were progressively inclined and thus , initially at least , sympathetic towards the Republic , much of it remained highly traditionalist in outlook , devoutly Catholic , exaggeratedly status-conscious towards the working class , and bitterly hostile towards anything which smacked even vaguely of ‘ socialism ’ .
although sections of this lower-middle class were progressively inclined and thus , initially at least , sympathetic towards the republic , much of it [stayed] highly traditionalist in outlook , devoutly catholic , exaggeratedly status-conscious towards the working class , and bitterly hostile towards anything which smacked even vaguely of ‘ socialism ’ .

Even if Catholicism had lost its grip on middle-class intellectuals like himself , and on the majority of urban and rural working-class Spaniards , Azaña 's statement reflected a serious — and dangerous — misreading of the situation throughout much of provincial and particularly rural Spain , where religious devotion remained strong and the Church itself popular .
even if catholicism had lost its grip on middle-class intellectuals like himself , and on the majority of urban and rural working-class spaniards , azaña 's statement reflected a serious — and dangerous — misreading of the situation throughout much of provincial and particularly rural spain , where religious devotion [stayed] strong and the church itself popular .

Although in some areas the respective powers of the Generalitat and the Spanish state remained unclearly demarcated , with serious consequences in 1934 , in general the Statute represented a balanced and satisfactory resolution of a complicated and sensitive issue .
although in some areas the respective powers of the generalitat and the spanish state [stayed] unclearly demarcated , with serious consequences in 1934 , in general the statute represented a balanced and satisfactory resolution of a complicated and sensitive issue .

Whilst under the protection of a sympathetic government the balance of power had unquestionably shifted perceptibly towards the lower classes , landlords and employers remained sufficiently strong and confident to be poised for a counter-attack should the political climate change .
whilst under the protection of a sympathetic government the balance of power had unquestionably shifted perceptibly towards the lower classes , landlords and employers [stayed] sufficiently strong and confident to be poised for a counter-attack should the political climate change .

The balance within the militarized police forces tilted the other way : of some 68,000 Civil Guards and Assault Guards , 60 per cent remained loyal : surprisingly in view of the former 's reputation as the hammer of the rural poor , but crucially for the early failure of the rising in many places .
the balance within the militarized police forces tilted the other way : of some 68,000 civil guards and assault guards , 60 per cent [stayed] loyal : surprisingly in view of the former 's reputation as the hammer of the rural poor , but crucially for the early failure of the rising in many places .

These figures may be somewhat misleading , however ; many of those army and police officers who remained ‘ loyal ’ undoubtedly did so more through geographical accident than conviction , and the Republic 's leaders were inhibited from ever making full use of them .
these figures may be somewhat misleading , however ; many of those army and police officers who [stayed] ‘ loyal ’ undoubtedly did so more through geographical accident than conviction , and the republic 's leaders were inhibited from ever making full use of them .

As for possible civilian contenders for political leadership , Calvo Sotelo was dead before the war began , Gil Robles remained discredited by political failure , and José Antonio was languishing in a Republican jail .
as for possible civilian contenders for political leadership , calvo sotelo was dead before the war began , gil robles [stayed] discredited by political failure , and josé antonio was languishing in a republican jail .

For several more months Madrid remained the focus of the fighting , as the Nationalists sought to surround the city and the Republicans to cut their enemy 's lines of communication .
for several more months madrid [stayed] the focus of the fighting , as the nationalists sought to surround the city and the republicans to cut their enemy 's lines of communication .

Few of the elderly male messengers now remained , and for some years the Department had recruited women .
few of the elderly male messengers now [stayed] , and for some years the department had recruited women .

Berowne 's resignation remained mysterious .
berowne 's resignation [stayed] mysterious .

She had liked him in those days and some of that liking still remained , resented , only half-acknowledged , but bound up with memories of sunlit walks in Port Meadow , luncheon and laughter in Hugo 's rooms , with the years of hope and promise .
she had liked him in those days and some of that liking still [stayed] , resented , only half-acknowledged , but bound up with memories of sunlit walks in port meadow , luncheon and laughter in hugo 's rooms , with the years of hope and promise .

Hugo had been the privileged one , his mother an earl 's daughter , his father a baronet and a distinguished soldier , possessor of the Berowne name , inheritor of what remained of the Berowne money .
hugo had been the privileged one , his mother an earl 's daughter , his father a baronet and a distinguished soldier , possessor of the berowne name , inheritor of what [stayed] of the berowne money .

The young Principal , with a tact that would help ensure he remained a ‘ high flyer ’ , had suggested that he should take first luncheon if that were agreeable to the Minister , and had disappeared .
the young principal , with a tact that would help ensure he [stayed] a ‘ high flyer ’ , had suggested that he should take first luncheon if that were agreeable to the minister , and had disappeared .

He had brought Kate with him , leaving Massingham to supervise what remained to be done at the church .
he had brought kate with him , leaving massingham to supervise what [stayed] to be done at the church .

This delightful timber-framed listed building was once the medieval home of six priests , and then became a rectory , which it remained until 1840 .
this delightful timber-framed listed building was once the medieval home of six priests , and then became a rectory , which it [stayed] until 1840 .

Only 92 men at arms and 2 priests began the route-march , for Balboa was a prudent organizer , keenly interested in security , and he insisted that the others from Santa Maria remained at the base camp , denying them their expected encounter with immortality .
only 92 men at arms and 2 priests began the route-march , for balboa was a prudent organizer , keenly interested in security , and he insisted that the others from santa maria [stayed] at the base camp , denying them their expected encounter with immortality .

Despite the amusement such indigenes provided , the months at anchor in so depressing a place wore on Magellan , and by late August he was off south again with the four ships that remained .
despite the amusement such indigenes provided , the months at anchor in so depressing a place wore on magellan , and by late august he was off south again with the four ships that [stayed] .

Only his bare head remained clear , level with the deck .
only his bare head [stayed] clear , level with the deck .

For his convulsing limbs , gripped within the slender yet firm framework , were not being consumed — even in his agony he understood that his substance remained unblemished .
for his convulsing limbs , gripped within the slender yet firm framework , were not being consumed — even in his agony he understood that his substance [stayed] unblemished .

So did the Servitors who remained fully human .
so did the servitors who [stayed] fully human .

The ultimate implant remained ; and one day Lexandro was opened up surgically — superficially and for the final time — to insert the sheets of black tissue beneath his skin .
the ultimate implant [stayed] ; and one day lexandro was opened up surgically — superficially and for the final time — to insert the sheets of black tissue beneath his skin .

Space yet remained on Dorn 's hands for a future Lord Commander Lexandro d'Arquebus to add his own future heraldry …
space yet [stayed] on dorn 's hands for a future lord commander lexandro d'arquebus to add his own future heraldry …

So the Scouts sat deep in that cellar amidst the jumbled dusty lava-carved genealogy of the Sagramosos . So they switched off one side of their brains in order to purge fatigue poisons from their systems while the other cerebral hemisphere remained alert for intruders …
so the scouts sat deep in that cellar amidst the jumbled dusty lava-carved genealogy of the sagramosos . so they switched off one side of their brains in order to purge fatigue poisons from their systems while the other cerebral hemisphere [stayed] alert for intruders …

Even now that he was so brawny with musculature , rooted over ceramically reinforced bones , Lexandro remained personable .
even now that he was so brawny with musculature , rooted over ceramically reinforced bones , lexandro [stayed] personable .

Meanwhile he remained a guest of the Fists , whose Chirurgeons deemed his scapular and hip scars too throughly cauterized to allow them to cyborg him .
meanwhile he [stayed] a guest of the fists , whose chirurgeons deemed his scapular and hip scars too throughly cauterized to allow them to cyborg him .

Each in his time has painted over the inheritance of his predecessor , but the Oak Leaf camps have remained because they have been necessary for each new Czar 's survival .
each in his time has painted over the inheritance of his predecessor , but the oak leaf camps have [stayed] because they have been necessary for each new czar 's survival .

He yearned to gulp down the coffee that remained , he craved to ask for more .
he yearned to gulp down the coffee that [stayed] , he craved to ask for more .

But with or without the cosmological term , the fact that matter caused space-time to curve in on itself remained a problem , though it was not generally recognized as such .
but with or without the cosmological term , the fact that matter caused space-time to curve in on itself [stayed] a problem , though it was not generally recognized as such .

The puzzling thing was that if the intensity of the light was reduced , the number of particles emitted diminished , but the speed with which each particle was emitted remained the same .
the puzzling thing was that if the intensity of the light was reduced , the number of particles emitted diminished , but the speed with which each particle was emitted [stayed] the same .

But he remained so convinced of a static universe that he added an element to his theory to reconcile it with Newton 's theory and balance gravity .
but he [stayed] so convinced of a static universe that he added an element to his theory to reconcile it with newton 's theory and balance gravity .

Typically , exasperated health service managers in some areas have developed ‘ community-based teams ’ of nurses , psychologists and therapists working with people living at home , while the local consultant has remained firmly ensconced in his hospital office , near his admission ward and at some distance from the team .
typically , exasperated health service managers in some areas have developed ‘ community-based teams ’ of nurses , psychologists and therapists working with people living at home , while the local consultant has [stayed] firmly ensconced in his hospital office , near his admission ward and at some distance from the team .

In 1990 staff in the Special Hospitals estimated that approximately half their patients no longer required maximum security and remained in their charge simply because there was nowhere suitable for them to go .
in 1990 staff in the special hospitals estimated that approximately half their patients no longer required maximum security and [stayed] in their charge simply because there was nowhere suitable for them to go .

The situation , according to Pravda , nonetheless remained ‘ tense and complicated ’ .
the situation , according to pravda , nonetheless [stayed] ‘ tense and complicated ’ .

About 60,000 of them remained in Uzbekistan , some 12,000 in the Ferghana valley .
about 60,000 of them [stayed] in uzbekistan , some 12,000 in the ferghana valley .

If economic reform was the ‘ key to all our problems ’ at the outset of Gorbachev 's administration and political reform increasingly the means by which it was to be accomplished , the ultimate objective remained the achievement of a form of socialism which advanced decisively on those that had preceded it .
if economic reform was the ‘ key to all our problems ’ at the outset of gorbachev 's administration and political reform increasingly the means by which it was to be accomplished , the ultimate objective [stayed] the achievement of a form of socialism which advanced decisively on those that had preceded it .

And yet six years into the new administration , or even after it , the nature of Gorbachevian socialism remained frustratingly elusive .
and yet six years into the new administration , or even after it , the nature of gorbachevian socialism [stayed] frustratingly elusive .

Indeed little of what had been unchallengeable orthodoxy since the 1920s remained untouched .
indeed little of what had been unchallengeable orthodoxy since the 1920s [stayed] untouched .

Gabriel looked anxiously at her to see if she was upset , but she remained calm .
gabriel looked anxiously at her to see if she was upset , but she [stayed] calm .

Perhaps it was the need for stability to offset the ‘ Whads ’ sterility but , remarkably , Homstat remained with the club until 1968 .
perhaps it was the need for stability to offset the ‘ whads ’ sterility but , remarkably , homstat [stayed] with the club until 1968 .

The core of the team remained virtually unchanged throughout her reign : Sheppey , Holt , Sheppey , Rawlings , Sheppey , Rawlings , Rawlings , Sheppey , Sheppey , Rawlings , Von Bopp .
the core of the team [stayed] virtually unchanged throughout her reign : sheppey , holt , sheppey , rawlings , sheppey , rawlings , rawlings , sheppey , sheppey , rawlings , von bopp .

Les had us all on the edge of our seats and those who remained found their voices again , encouraging Les with a deafening cry of ‘ Bring back the ferrets ’ .
les had us all on the edge of our seats and those who [stayed] found their voices again , encouraging les with a deafening cry of ‘ bring back the ferrets ’ .

Oliver remained silent , and Noah grew braver .
oliver [stayed] silent , and noah grew braver .

Oliver remained in Fagin 's room for many days , picking the marks and names out of the handkerchieves and sometimes playing the same game as before .
oliver [stayed] in fagin 's room for many days , picking the marks and names out of the handkerchieves and sometimes playing the same game as before .

Meanwhile , in another part of London , Oliver remained a prisoner .
meanwhile , in another part of london , oliver [stayed] a prisoner .

He remained locked in a room for many days , seeing nobody between early morning and midnight .
he [stayed] locked in a room for many days , seeing nobody between early morning and midnight .

Sikes swore and cursed again , but Nancy remained unconscious .
sikes swore and cursed again , but nancy [stayed] unconscious .

Finn 's shining carapace remained solidly before her .
finn 's shining carapace [stayed] solidly before her .

Slime and fungus streaked it but it remained recognisably , unmistakably , Queen Victoria in young middle-age .
slime and fungus streaked it but it [stayed] recognisably , unmistakably , queen victoria in young middle-age .

It was all that remained of a new bone-china tea set she had bought only last week .
it was all that [stayed] of a new bone-china tea set she had bought only last week .

The smile remained , unchallenged , genuine ; the offered bowl awaited him .
the smile [stayed] , unchallenged , genuine ; the offered bowl awaited him .

There was something wild in his nature ; some part of him that remained untamed , unsocialised .
there was something wild in his nature ; some part of him that [stayed] untamed , unsocialised .

The eye moved on , but the image remained .
the eye moved on , but the image [stayed] .

Furious , his ‘ father ’ , Robert , had made him a prisoner in the house , forbidding him the run of the Domain until he changed his ways , but Augustus had remained defiant .
furious , his ‘ father ’ , robert , had made him a prisoner in the house , forbidding him the run of the domain until he changed his ways , but augustus had [stayed] defiant .

Slowly the great room emptied until only the six T'ang and the two young boys remained .
slowly the great room emptied until only the six t'ang and the two young boys [stayed] .

But now the ship was almost ready and though the uneasy peace remained intact , soon it would be broken .
but now the ship was almost ready and though the uneasy peace [stayed] intact , soon it would be broken .

The guard 's head moved fractionally , but remained bowed .
the guard 's head moved fractionally , but [stayed] bowed .

Only the T'ang remained still and silent .
only the t'ang [stayed] still and silent .

Bernice 's instincts remained sharp enough to warn her that here was somebody dangerous in a very unsubtle way .
bernice 's instincts [stayed] sharp enough to warn her that here was somebody dangerous in a very unsubtle way .

The Doctor had expected this to provoke some reaction but the Chelonians remained resolutely silent , their eyes fixed on the big screen that showed a trundling view of their journey through the wastes .
the doctor had expected this to provoke some reaction but the chelonians [stayed] resolutely silent , their eyes fixed on the big screen that showed a trundling view of their journey through the wastes .

Her face remained blank .
her face [stayed] blank .

Although only twenty eight tanks — just over half the original number — remained , the amassed Chelonian assault force made a terrifying spectacle .
although only twenty eight tanks — just over half the original number — [stayed] , the amassed chelonian assault force made a terrifying spectacle .

The objects remained , in all their unlikeliness .
the objects [stayed] , in all their unlikeliness .

Sendei remained still and silent , ignoring Rodo 's push at his shoulder .
sendei [stayed] still and silent , ignoring rodo 's push at his shoulder .

So , a streak of his practical talents remained .
so , a streak of his practical talents [stayed] .

The General 's stare remained fixed on the forward screen .
the general 's stare [stayed] fixed on the forward screen .

Traces of his old personality remained in the lined face .
traces of his old personality [stayed] in the lined face .

Even at close hand it remained ill formed and shadowy , rather as a cloud of mist apparently disappears on examination .
even at close hand it [stayed] ill formed and shadowy , rather as a cloud of mist apparently disappears on examination .

It remained silent , unused as it was to being asked for its opinions .
it [stayed] silent , unused as it was to being asked for its opinions .

What made it worse was that his face remained so still , as expressionless as it had been earlier when discussing trivia with the Doctor .
what made it worse was that his face [stayed] so still , as expressionless as it had been earlier when discussing trivia with the doctor .

The Doctor hopped nimbly forward , careful not to disturb the fragile balance of what remained of the structure .
the doctor hopped nimbly forward , careful not to disturb the fragile balance of what [stayed] of the structure .

Rosheen remained silent .
rosheen [stayed] silent .

It had collapsed in on itself and only the partially covered base remained to show a glimpse of its former beauty .
it had collapsed in on itself and only the partially covered base [stayed] to show a glimpse of its former beauty .

The interior of Mr Broadhurst 's caravan had remained unchanged during the four years it had been sited at Cliff Top .
the interior of mr broadhurst 's caravan had [stayed] unchanged during the four years it had been sited at cliff top .

For the five years after the murder of the woman at the Theatre Royal his interventions in my life remained purely educative .
for the five years after the murder of the woman at the theatre royal his interventions in my life [stayed] purely educative .

So that , while one part of me remained intimate with the cotton , another separate centre of cartoon existence accompanied those tokens which served , through their concatenation and order , to mirror parallel developments in the world of objects .
so that , while one part of me [stayed] intimate with the cotton , another separate centre of cartoon existence accompanied those tokens which served , through their concatenation and order , to mirror parallel developments in the world of objects .

Unfortunately , whatever remnants of my eidetic ability remained made me entirely unsuitable for this particular therapy .
unfortunately , whatever remnants of my eidetic ability [stayed] made me entirely unsuitable for this particular therapy .

Density might have remained the most accepted form of classification but for three developments in the 1970s which gave a great impetus to the classification of rural populations into different typologies or groupings :
density might have [stayed] the most accepted form of classification but for three developments in the 1970s which gave a great impetus to the classification of rural populations into different typologies or groupings :

near starvation wages , wretched housing , benevolent paternalism or arbitrarian despotism and anti-trade-union oppression … that it now … seems difficult to believe that , despite the amelioration of his circumstances , in relative terms the position of the agricultural worker has remained substantially the same .
near starvation wages , wretched housing , benevolent paternalism or arbitrarian despotism and anti-trade-union oppression … that it now … seems difficult to believe that , despite the amelioration of his circumstances , in relative terms the position of the agricultural worker has [stayed] substantially the same .

Third world countries felt that their concerns remained unaddressed .
third world countries felt that their concerns [stayed] unaddressed .

The burden of proof on a fire claim , however , remained on the claimant .
the burden of proof on a fire claim , however , [stayed] on the claimant .

He remained poised in that position as he jerked up his head .
he [stayed] poised in that position as he jerked up his head .

This pattern of parliamentary activity was rapidly altered ( though much of the descriptive language remained the same ) in the twenty-five years before the First World War .
this pattern of parliamentary activity was rapidly altered ( though much of the descriptive language [stayed] the same ) in the twenty-five years before the first world war .

The result has appeared unimpressive to some in that the issues embedded in the Public Expenditure White Paper remained obscure to most MPs and the annual debate did not become a major parliamentary occasion .
the result has appeared unimpressive to some in that the issues embedded in the public expenditure white paper [stayed] obscure to most mps and the annual debate did not become a major parliamentary occasion .

It has remained the accepted practice that all important governmental decisions emanate from the central departments in Whitehall , a practice which is of great help to the political leadership as it collects all the levers of policy-making and administrative control into one , compact , signal box .
it has [stayed] the accepted practice that all important governmental decisions emanate from the central departments in whitehall , a practice which is of great help to the political leadership as it collects all the levers of policy-making and administrative control into one , compact , signal box .

This system has remained in broad outline .
this system has [stayed] in broad outline .

The populist element in the party 's thinking remained , but focused more on the party conference than on the degree of scope to be given to the House of Commons or to local government .
the populist element in the party 's thinking [stayed] , but focused more on the party conference than on the degree of scope to be given to the house of commons or to local government .

By the early 1970s , it remained true that the Labour Party was identified with the interests of the working classes , with the need for a reduction in class barriers and for the maintenance of the welfare system .
by the early 1970s , it [stayed] true that the labour party was identified with the interests of the working classes , with the need for a reduction in class barriers and for the maintenance of the welfare system .

Religious nonconformity remained strong in these areas and combined with the anti-landlord , anti-aristocratic feeling which was the basis of historic liberalism .
religious nonconformity [stayed] strong in these areas and combined with the anti-landlord , anti-aristocratic feeling which was the basis of historic liberalism .

Even within the compulsory school age , inequalities have remained .
even within the compulsory school age , inequalities have [stayed] .

The ratio of girls to boys going to university fluctuated from 70 per cent in 1925 ; 50 per cent in 1937 ; 47 per cent in 1950 ; 50 per cent in 1960 ; 66 per cent in 1973 ; and it has remained at that level since .
the ratio of girls to boys going to university fluctuated from 70 per cent in 1925 ; 50 per cent in 1937 ; 47 per cent in 1950 ; 50 per cent in 1960 ; 66 per cent in 1973 ; and it has [stayed] at that level since .

Goldthorpe 's crisp conclusion is that ‘ relative mobility rates … have remained generally unaltered ; and the only trends that may arguably be discerned … are indeed ones that would point to a widening of differences in class chances .
goldthorpe 's crisp conclusion is that ‘ relative mobility rates … have [stayed] generally unaltered ; and the only trends that may arguably be discerned … are indeed ones that would point to a widening of differences in class chances .

The geographical distribution of both doctors and hospitals has remained in favour of the upper socio-economic groups with only very slight modifications .
the geographical distribution of both doctors and hospitals has [stayed] in favour of the upper socio-economic groups with only very slight modifications .

In brief , social class inequalities in access and use of the health services have remained either unaltered or slightly reduced but they have not increased over the years since the last war .
in brief , social class inequalities in access and use of the health services have [stayed] either unaltered or slightly reduced but they have not increased over the years since the last war .

They have remained stable , however , if a more general comparison is made between manual and non-manual groups , as Table 3.14 shows .
they have [stayed] stable , however , if a more general comparison is made between manual and non-manual groups , as table 3.14 shows .

Lansley 's analysis of the housing tenure of the poorest 10 per cent of households shows that the proportion who are owner-occupiers remained the same , i.e .
lansley 's analysis of the housing tenure of the poorest 10 per cent of households shows that the proportion who are owner-occupiers [stayed] the same , i.e .

The position seems to have remained unaltered since the mid-1960s .
the position seems to have [stayed] unaltered since the mid-1960s .

Since there has been no important relaxation of the qualifying conditions over the years , it is more than likely that social class access to benefit has remained the same .
since there has been no important relaxation of the qualifying conditions over the years , it is more than likely that social class access to benefit has [stayed] the same .

Before and after this , however , inequalities have remained the same .
before and after this , however , inequalities have [stayed] the same .

In brief , inequalities have been reduced slightly in some areas , remained the same in others and even widened in some other areas .
in brief , inequalities have been reduced slightly in some areas , [stayed] the same in others and even widened in some other areas .

She estimated what the size of the labour force in the United States would have been in 1960 by making two assumptions : ( a ) if death rates had not declined since 1900 , the labour force would have been over 13 million less in 1960 ; ( b ) if death rates had declined from 1900–1920 but remained the same level after that , the labour force would have been 6 million smaller in 1960 .
she estimated what the size of the labour force in the united states would have been in 1960 by making two assumptions : ( a ) if death rates had not declined since 1900 , the labour force would have been over 13 million less in 1960 ; ( b ) if death rates had declined from 1900–1920 but [stayed] the same level after that , the labour force would have been 6 million smaller in 1960 .

What the Labour government considered unfortunate , the Conservative government welcomed , and regional policy remained in decline all through the 1950s .
what the labour government considered unfortunate , the conservative government welcomed , and regional policy [stayed] in decline all through the 1950s .

In another study in Scotland , Beaumont attempted to calculate the success of the Employment Training Scheme by finding out the proportion of migrants who remained employed in the destination areas for at least twelve months .
in another study in scotland , beaumont attempted to calculate the success of the employment training scheme by finding out the proportion of migrants who [stayed] employed in the destination areas for at least twelve months .

The age of the full-time judiciary has remained constant over many years : the average on appointment has been about fifty-two or -three and the average of all those in office has been about sixty .
the age of the full-time judiciary has [stayed] constant over many years : the average on appointment has been about fifty-two or -three and the average of all those in office has been about sixty .

The Lord Chief Justice had said then that it would be wrong for it to appear that the proposals had the backing of the judges or that they had had any hand in their preparation ; and that it was essential that the judges remained at arm 's length .
the lord chief justice had said then that it would be wrong for it to appear that the proposals had the backing of the judges or that they had had any hand in their preparation ; and that it was essential that the judges [stayed] at arm 's length .

Lord Ackner , however , remained unsubdued .
lord ackner , however , [stayed] unsubdued .

So the trade unions remained protected .
so the trade unions [stayed] protected .

The interpretation of the law remained contentious .
the interpretation of the law [stayed] contentious .

From 1910 to 1984 , the basic structuring of the iconography has remained remarkably consistent , despite Mills and Boon 's own assurance that ‘ tastes in romantic fiction have altered considerably ’ .
from 1910 to 1984 , the basic structuring of the iconography has [stayed] remarkably consistent , despite mills and boon 's own assurance that ‘ tastes in romantic fiction have altered considerably ’ .

The Mills and Boon , Harlequin or Silhouette brand name assures a consistent recipe and packaging , which , like Cadbury 's , has remained fundamentally unchanged since the product was first conceived and marketed .
the mills and boon , harlequin or silhouette brand name assures a consistent recipe and packaging , which , like cadbury 's , has [stayed] fundamentally unchanged since the product was first conceived and marketed .

This public libertarianism , whose very real sense of possibility has remained at the heart of every subsequent ‘ utopian ’ movement ( like the early days of Punk Rock ) , foundered against the worsening economic climate and the ‘ tough ’ mood of the new Conservative government under the ‘ abrasive ’ Ted Heath .
this public libertarianism , whose very real sense of possibility has [stayed] at the heart of every subsequent ‘ utopian ’ movement ( like the early days of punk rock ) , foundered against the worsening economic climate and the ‘ tough ’ mood of the new conservative government under the ‘ abrasive ’ ted heath .

While the figures for individual firms fluctuate from year to year ( reflecting to some extent the ownership of the biggest hits in each year ) , the aggregate market share of the five biggest companies has remained remarkably constant over twelve years , at just under two-thirds .
while the figures for individual firms fluctuate from year to year ( reflecting to some extent the ownership of the biggest hits in each year ) , the aggregate market share of the five biggest companies has [stayed] remarkably constant over twelve years , at just under two-thirds .

It is the number of first-time overseas holidaymakers , ‘ new ’ consumers for this particular market that has remained surprisingly stable through the late 1970s and early 1980s , increasing by about 1 per cent per year .
it is the number of first-time overseas holidaymakers , ‘ new ’ consumers for this particular market that has [stayed] surprisingly stable through the late 1970s and early 1980s , increasing by about 1 per cent per year .

The principle of holidays with pay had been extended to an estimated million and a half manual workers in Britain by the beginning of the 1920s , but the economic recession of that decade meant that this figure remained relatively static until the late 1930s .
the principle of holidays with pay had been extended to an estimated million and a half manual workers in britain by the beginning of the 1920s , but the economic recession of that decade meant that this figure [stayed] relatively static until the late 1930s .

Although the accommodation remained spartan with bunk beds arranged in segregated dormitories , nevertheless , at a cost fixed at 1/ per night plus a shilling for breakfast , extended holidays in the countryside became for the first time a practical possibility for thousands previously denied them .
although the accommodation [stayed] spartan with bunk beds arranged in segregated dormitories , nevertheless , at a cost fixed at 1/ per night plus a shilling for breakfast , extended holidays in the countryside became for the first time a practical possibility for thousands previously denied them .

He remained like that for a few seconds longer , while they tied his wrists to a pair of iron rings bolted into the wall , and then they let him go and left him dangling there — half in , half out of the river .
he [stayed] like that for a few seconds longer , while they tied his wrists to a pair of iron rings bolted into the wall , and then they let him go and left him dangling there — half in , half out of the river .

The routine at Jubilee Wharf remained unchanged .
the routine at jubilee wharf [stayed] unchanged .

She looked at her husband hopefully , expecting to find an answering smile on his face but he remained as he was , sunk back among the cushions of the armchair , as if turned to stone .
she looked at her husband hopefully , expecting to find an answering smile on his face but he [stayed] as he was , sunk back among the cushions of the armchair , as if turned to stone .

However , it appears from Thomson 's calculations that the shares of the elderly and the non-elderly have remained roughly stable .
however , it appears from thomson 's calculations that the shares of the elderly and the non-elderly have [stayed] roughly stable .

As the figure shows , about three-quarters of the change in the number of elderly households would have occurred even if their household structure had remained unaltered .
as the figure shows , about three-quarters of the change in the number of elderly households would have occurred even if their household structure had [stayed] unaltered .

The sharpest behavioural change has been found among the under-30 group : if the age , sex and marital status-specific headship rates had remained fixed , the number of such households would have increased by under 200 thousands in the period ; in fact the actual increase was over 800 thousands .
the sharpest behavioural change has been found among the under-30 group : if the age , sex and marital status-specific headship rates had [stayed] fixed , the number of such households would have increased by under 200 thousands in the period ; in fact the actual increase was over 800 thousands .

In the 1960s and 1970s , the growth in households has been concentrated largely among non-married couple households : the number of those headed by a married couple has remained relatively constant and it is only expected to grow by one million in the period 1961 to 2001 .
in the 1960s and 1970s , the growth in households has been concentrated largely among non-married couple households : the number of those headed by a married couple has [stayed] relatively constant and it is only expected to grow by one million in the period 1961 to 2001 .

Yet they remained , practically and culturally , a fractional formation , and this can be seen especially with the advantage of hindsight , since it is now evident that they were expressing at once the highest values of the bourgeois tradition and the necessary next phase of a bourgeois social and cultural order .
yet they [stayed] , practically and culturally , a fractional formation , and this can be seen especially with the advantage of hindsight , since it is now evident that they were expressing at once the highest values of the bourgeois tradition and the necessary next phase of a bourgeois social and cultural order .

It is then not at all surprising that dancing and singing , in their most general forms , have been and have remained , in complex as in simple societies , the most widespread and popular cultural practices .
it is then not at all surprising that dancing and singing , in their most general forms , have been and have [stayed] , in complex as in simple societies , the most widespread and popular cultural practices .

In the case of political empire , the decisive production and reproduction of an area of power was of course by other ( military and political ) means , though at the level of reproduction use of the reproducible image of authority became and has remained very important .
in the case of political empire , the decisive production and reproduction of an area of power was of course by other ( military and political ) means , though at the level of reproduction use of the reproducible image of authority became and has [stayed] very important .

In fourth-century-BC Athens it was possible to buy manuscripts reproduced by hand-copying at relatively low cost , and the scriptoria in which such copying was done — there is a reference in Pliny the Younger to an edition of a thousand copies — remained important through Roman to medieval times .
in fourth-century-bc athens it was possible to buy manuscripts reproduced by hand-copying at relatively low cost , and the scriptoria in which such copying was done — there is a reference in pliny the younger to an edition of a thousand copies — [stayed] important through roman to medieval times .

This decision was immensely helpful to Jonathan Cape since it had been and remained their intention to publish the next two volumes of the Diaries and a further volume that related to Crossman 's earlier back-bench activities .
this decision was immensely helpful to jonathan cape since it had been and [stayed] their intention to publish the next two volumes of the diaries and a further volume that related to crossman 's earlier back-bench activities .

The effect was electric : the girl was released within a few days ; the man remained in jail and in fact served a very long sentence .
the effect was electric : the girl was released within a few days ; the man [stayed] in jail and in fact served a very long sentence .

Nevertheless he always remained undaunted and could hardly wait for the winding up of his previous effort before starting to plan its successor .
nevertheless he always [stayed] undaunted and could hardly wait for the winding up of his previous effort before starting to plan its successor .

The press remained both loyal and helpful , notwithstanding George Wigg 's characteristic intervention describing me , to my acute embarrassment , as a saint-like figure .
the press [stayed] both loyal and helpful , notwithstanding george wigg 's characteristic intervention describing me , to my acute embarrassment , as a saint-like figure .

And yet to the world at large he claimed to have conducted a most detailed investigation into the whole matter , sufficient to enable him to arrive at an informed judgement that British policy remained correct .
and yet to the world at large he claimed to have conducted a most detailed investigation into the whole matter , sufficient to enable him to arrive at an informed judgement that british policy [stayed] correct .

He remained only a moment then , head bowed in shame , Richard Ward turned away .
he [stayed] only a moment then , head bowed in shame , richard ward turned away .

When , sensing that he had left her alone in more ways than one , the woman asked him to come back to bed , he had not turned to look at her but instead remained silent a moment longer .
when , sensing that he had left her alone in more ways than one , the woman asked him to come back to bed , he had not turned to look at her but instead [stayed] silent a moment longer .

’ And though she would dearly have loved to deny it , Beth remained silent .
’ and though she would dearly have loved to deny it , beth [stayed] silent .

Thankfully , though , there still remained one stark difference between the two men ; because where Luther had a cruel and vicious streak in his character , David was a gentle soul , generous and accommodating to a fault .
thankfully , though , there still [stayed] one stark difference between the two men ; because where luther had a cruel and vicious streak in his character , david was a gentle soul , generous and accommodating to a fault .

For a moment he remained silent , his curious brown eyes quietly appraising her ; he thought Beth looked especially lovely tonight .
for a moment he [stayed] silent , his curious brown eyes quietly appraising her ; he thought beth looked especially lovely tonight .

Matthew remained silent , going stealthily after the crooked figure as it squeezed through the tiny opening , then upwards with difficulty , climbing the narrow winding staircase that seemed never-ending .
matthew [stayed] silent , going stealthily after the crooked figure as it squeezed through the tiny opening , then upwards with difficulty , climbing the narrow winding staircase that seemed never-ending .

But she had hoped for too much , and Matthew remained unforgiving , not actively unfriendly towards her but always out of her reach .
but she had hoped for too much , and matthew [stayed] unforgiving , not actively unfriendly towards her but always out of her reach .

The fact remained that he had waited too long .
the fact [stayed] that he had waited too long .

When Cissie appeared at the door , Beth held out her arms and the girl fell into them , and there the three of them remained huddled while the unholy row raged below .
when cissie appeared at the door , beth held out her arms and the girl fell into them , and there the three of them [stayed] huddled while the unholy row raged below .

During this time he had remained by the door , his expressionless gaze following her every move .
during this time he had [stayed] by the door , his expressionless gaze following her every move .

But the spiritual numbness remained .
but the spiritual numbness [stayed] .

So much has changed in the life of the farm worker , especially the nature of his work ; yet so much , as we shall see , has remained resistant to change .
so much has changed in the life of the farm worker , especially the nature of his work ; yet so much , as we shall see , has [stayed] resistant to change .

Not all farm workers have been affected equally by the new technology and certain aspects of working on the land have remained almost untouched by it .
not all farm workers have been affected equally by the new technology and certain aspects of working on the land have [stayed] almost untouched by it .

Given the lack of development in many rural areas it is not surprising that the dependency of rural workers on agriculture for employment has remained , nor that so many school-leavers take a job on the land even though they have no intention of remaining there if the choice to leave should present itself .
given the lack of development in many rural areas it is not surprising that the dependency of rural workers on agriculture for employment has [stayed] , nor that so many school-leavers take a job on the land even though they have no intention of remaining there if the choice to leave should present itself .

Because fewer farm workers ' sons are willing to work in agriculture the contrasts between the traditional and the modern , between the old dependency and the new independence , are imported into the families of those older workers who have remained on the land .
because fewer farm workers ' sons are willing to work in agriculture the contrasts between the traditional and the modern , between the old dependency and the new independence , are imported into the families of those older workers who have [stayed] on the land .

Only a few rural areas , isolated by bad roads and non-existent railways , remained relatively untouched , but even these , by virtue of their isolation , were often gobbled up by the equally voracious demand for holiday homes and weekend cottages .
only a few rural areas , isolated by bad roads and non-existent railways , [stayed] relatively untouched , but even these , by virtue of their isolation , were often gobbled up by the equally voracious demand for holiday homes and weekend cottages .

Nevertheless , until the widespread construction of council houses between the two world wars , the ownership of cottages remained , as the historian Geoffrey Best has pointed out , ‘ a cardinal point in the grand scheme of subordination ’ — Those living in the shadow of the local squire found themselves , on the whole , better housed but less independent .
nevertheless , until the widespread construction of council houses between the two world wars , the ownership of cottages [stayed] , as the historian geoffrey best has pointed out , ‘ a cardinal point in the grand scheme of subordination ’ — those living in the shadow of the local squire found themselves , on the whole , better housed but less independent .

Since their inception in 1888 and 1894 rural councils had remained largely in the hands of landowners and farmers .
since their inception in 1888 and 1894 rural councils had [stayed] largely in the hands of landowners and farmers .

As many wartime evacuees found to their alarm , rural housing remained at a lower standard than that to be found in most urban areas , with only slow progress having been made in the provision of piped water , sewerage and electricity .
as many wartime evacuees found to their alarm , rural housing [stayed] at a lower standard than that to be found in most urban areas , with only slow progress having been made in the provision of piped water , sewerage and electricity .

This had been directed primarily at improving rural housing as an adjunct to public health policy , yet not only were the standards of rural amenities still markedly inferior ( for example , 5000 rural parishes possessed no sewerage system ) , but the sheer volume of housing available for rural workers remained inadequate — rural district councils built only 164083 dwellings between 1919 and 1943 , compared with which the number of private houses was 706527 .
this had been directed primarily at improving rural housing as an adjunct to public health policy , yet not only were the standards of rural amenities still markedly inferior ( for example , 5000 rural parishes possessed no sewerage system ) , but the sheer volume of housing available for rural workers [stayed] inadequate — rural district councils built only 164083 dwellings between 1919 and 1943 , compared with which the number of private houses was 706527 .

The upland areas have suffered fewer changes , but this is not to say that the upland landscape has remained unaltered .
the upland areas have suffered fewer changes , but this is not to say that the upland landscape has [stayed] unaltered .

But there has remained considerable disagreement over the most viable alternative — financial incentive or state compulsion .
but there has [stayed] considerable disagreement over the most viable alternative — financial incentive or state compulsion .

Now eighty-seven years old and recently widowed , Mrs Higby remained in Cleveland .
now eighty-seven years old and recently widowed , mrs higby [stayed] in cleveland .

While all around him , men wore their hair at shoulder length and sported gold chain necklaces , frilled pink shirts , flared-leg hipster trousers , and coloured boots with platform soles , Adam had remained carefully traditional .
while all around him , men wore their hair at shoulder length and sported gold chain necklaces , frilled pink shirts , flared-leg hipster trousers , and coloured boots with platform soles , adam had [stayed] carefully traditional .

He rested his hand just above her pretty knee , but it remained immobile .
he rested his hand just above her pretty knee , but it [stayed] immobile .

He fondled her between her long legs for a long time , and she remained still for him .
he fondled her between her long legs for a long time , and she [stayed] still for him .

He remained perfectly still .
he [stayed] perfectly still .

He remained unaroused while he wrenched the skirt of her dress up , and cut her knickers away with a sharp knife .
he [stayed] unaroused while he wrenched the skirt of her dress up , and cut her knickers away with a sharp knife .

She remained defiant .
she [stayed] defiant .

Jeanne remained silent , and looked fixedly at the floor .
jeanne [stayed] silent , and looked fixedly at the floor .

He was an old man , and his penis remained unaroused .
he was an old man , and his penis [stayed] unaroused .

Her voice grew muffled , though her words remained clear enough .
her voice grew muffled , though her words [stayed] clear enough .

The due remained hidden .
the due [stayed] hidden .

The dress slipped to her narrow hips where it remained supported by his hands , until he raised them and it fell to the floor and her body gleamed naked .
the dress slipped to her narrow hips where it [stayed] supported by his hands , until he raised them and it fell to the floor and her body gleamed naked .

His mother remained asleep , with one long arm across her Androsia print dress , a knee drawn up and fallen away , languid .
his mother [stayed] asleep , with one long arm across her androsia print dress , a knee drawn up and fallen away , languid .

They remained in convivial silence surveying the field , harsh textured , sore , as far as the lapping wheat , from which , at any moment , a hare might rush , or another fox .
they [stayed] in convivial silence surveying the field , harsh textured , sore , as far as the lapping wheat , from which , at any moment , a hare might rush , or another fox .

But down in the hollow the sunshine remained and so did Delia Sutherland watching her father , her mother , herself .
but down in the hollow the sunshine [stayed] and so did delia sutherland watching her father , her mother , herself .

In the upstairs passage she opened the long case clock , knowing very well it was broken , that the weights had not descended for years and the hands remained at twenty to one .
in the upstairs passage she opened the long case clock , knowing very well it was broken , that the weights had not descended for years and the hands [stayed] at twenty to one .

Tucker had remained beside the boat , staring after her , while Fwinky padded barefoot with a petrol can towards the boathouse .
tucker had [stayed] beside the boat , staring after her , while fwinky padded barefoot with a petrol can towards the boathouse .

His eyes remained set on a point beyond her shoulder . ‘ You the Missus of Francis done kill hisself ? ’
his eyes [stayed] set on a point beyond her shoulder . ‘ you the missus of francis done kill hisself ? ’

Curtis had dropped the Echo on to the dining-room table , where she was drinking her morning coffee , and he remained beside her .
curtis had dropped the echo on to the dining-room table , where she was drinking her morning coffee , and he [stayed] beside her .

Her shoulders attempted a shrug of indifference but remained defensively hunched .
her shoulders attempted a shrug of indifference but [stayed] defensively hunched .

She was not going to answer but he remained , so she said , ‘ It 's all right , David .
she was not going to answer but he [stayed] , so she said , ‘ it 's all right , david .

She remained by the door with her arms crossed .
she [stayed] by the door with her arms crossed .

Delia Sutherland remained where she was , examining something unfamiliar in her spirit , something that under X-ray might show like a patch on a lung .
delia sutherland [stayed] where she was , examining something unfamiliar in her spirit , something that under x-ray might show like a patch on a lung .

her questions had been more curious than tender and even when she had touched his cheek it was to prove for herself that no bruising remained .
her questions had been more curious than tender and even when she had touched his cheek it was to prove for herself that no bruising [stayed] .

For all the centralisation of power , which is a major feature of government in these countries , sub-central organs of government … have remained power structures in their own right , and therefore able to affect very markedly the lives of the populations they have governed .
for all the centralisation of power , which is a major feature of government in these countries , sub-central organs of government … have [stayed] power structures in their own right , and therefore able to affect very markedly the lives of the populations they have governed .

But church choirs continued to have an active rule in music education , together with the schools , many of which remained in close association with the Church .
but church choirs continued to have an active rule in music education , together with the schools , many of which [stayed] in close association with the church .

George remained seated .
george [stayed] seated .

The Burmese remained peasant farmers ; paddy cultivation was their customary way of life .
the burmese [stayed] peasant farmers ; paddy cultivation was their customary way of life .

Nu promptly left , but Aung San remained as President of the Union .
nu promptly left , but aung san [stayed] as president of the union .

Much still remained to be settled , but the treaty was signed at 10 Downing Street on 17 October by Attlee and Nu for the two countries , Article 1 read : ‘ The Government of the United Kingdom recognises the Republic of the Union of Burma as a fully independent State .
much still [stayed] to be settled , but the treaty was signed at 10 downing street on 17 october by attlee and nu for the two countries , article 1 read : ‘ the government of the united kingdom recognises the republic of the union of burma as a fully independent state .

He was permitted to take his family with him , but the only intellectual companionship he found was among the Catholic missionaries : the local inhabitants remained strangers to him .
he was permitted to take his family with him , but the only intellectual companionship he found was among the catholic missionaries : the local inhabitants [stayed] strangers to him .

This was refused , and next month he handed over what powers still remained to Suharto .
this was refused , and next month he handed over what powers still [stayed] to suharto .

He remained at sea for a few years and probably visited the United States .
he [stayed] at sea for a few years and probably visited the united states .

On being returned to Vietnam , Phan Boi Chau was sentenced to a term of hard labour , later commuted to house arrest ( he remained in Hue till his death in 1940 ) .
on being returned to vietnam , phan boi chau was sentenced to a term of hard labour , later commuted to house arrest ( he [stayed] in hue till his death in 1940 ) .

By the end of January 1946 only two British-Indian battalions remained .
by the end of january 1946 only two british-indian battalions [stayed] .

The final declaration had no signatures appended ( the United States and the Bao Dai regime remained aloof ) .
the final declaration had no signatures appended ( the united states and the bao dai regime [stayed] aloof ) .

There remained an African elite , very conscious of their historic role in West Africa , usually termed ‘ the intelligentsia ’ , and still dominant in the legal profession and private medicine .
there [stayed] an african elite , very conscious of their historic role in west africa , usually termed ‘ the intelligentsia ’ , and still dominant in the legal profession and private medicine .

This position remained unchanged until 1949 when , for reasons of administrative convenience to the Inland Revenue , short-term benefits were excluded from tax liability .
this position [stayed] unchanged until 1949 when , for reasons of administrative convenience to the inland revenue , short-term benefits were excluded from tax liability .

What then of the Government 's claim that it is spending more money in income support than it would have done had the previous supplementary benefit system remained in place ?
what then of the government 's claim that it is spending more money in income support than it would have done had the previous supplementary benefit system [stayed] in place ?

Taking men of working-class origin of the same age group in 1983 , and signifying unemployment as a separate category , the survey found 22 per cent were upwardly mobile , 40 per cent remained in working-class positions , while a further 11 per cent had been pushed down into unemployment , and over half of this last group had been without work for over a year .
taking men of working-class origin of the same age group in 1983 , and signifying unemployment as a separate category , the survey found 22 per cent were upwardly mobile , 40 per cent [stayed] in working-class positions , while a further 11 per cent had been pushed down into unemployment , and over half of this last group had been without work for over a year .

They would be coming back to education , however , to build upon the qualifications they had already begun to acquire , and would feel at least equal , if not superior in some respects , to their peers who had remained in full-time education .
they would be coming back to education , however , to build upon the qualifications they had already begun to acquire , and would feel at least equal , if not superior in some respects , to their peers who had [stayed] in full-time education .

Figure 5.1 shows that East Anglia is one of those areas in which the rural dialects have remained generally [ h ] -ful up to the present day .
figure 5.1 shows that east anglia is one of those areas in which the rural dialects have [stayed] generally [ h ] -ful up to the present day .

There are probably two reasons why traditional methods have remained in use .
there are probably two reasons why traditional methods have [stayed] in use .

He remained in the branch .
he [stayed] in the branch .

the economic ties of the old British Empire were tightened during this period and Britain remained at the centre of that group of countries ' trade and finance
the economic ties of the old british empire were tightened during this period and britain [stayed] at the centre of that group of countries ' trade and finance

Throughout the 1950s , '60s and '70s these restrictions were reduced or became a less important hindrance to the City 's international operations , but they remained partially effective until they were completely abolished in 1979 .
throughout the 1950s , '60s and '70s these restrictions were reduced or became a less important hindrance to the city 's international operations , but they [stayed] partially effective until they were completely abolished in 1979 .

Here , many of the new jobs were in branch plants , the controlling headquarters of which remained in the central regions of the country .
here , many of the new jobs were in branch plants , the controlling headquarters of which [stayed] in the central regions of the country .

In the early 1920s , 300 to 500 automobile companies existed in the United States ; by 1960 , only 4 remained .
in the early 1920s , 300 to 500 automobile companies existed in the united states ; by 1960 , only 4 [stayed] .

Consumer product manufacturers such as Philips have remained successful in their international markets by redesigning both their approach to product development and their product manufacture .
consumer product manufacturers such as philips have [stayed] successful in their international markets by redesigning both their approach to product development and their product manufacture .

In the former area , what he terms ‘ traditional Wales ’ , the interests of the tenant population against their English landlords were mobilized by the Liberal party , which has remained relatively strong in the area throughout the present century .
in the former area , what he terms ‘ traditional wales ’ , the interests of the tenant population against their english landlords were mobilized by the liberal party , which has [stayed] relatively strong in the area throughout the present century .

Whatever the cause , however , there is no doubt that a separate culture was established in the Dukeries — very different from that in adjacent South Yorkshire , for example , as both Krieger ( 1983 ) and Waller ( 1983 ) emphasize- and that this has remained , in remodelled form , to the present day .
whatever the cause , however , there is no doubt that a separate culture was established in the dukeries — very different from that in adjacent south yorkshire , for example , as both krieger ( 1983 ) and waller ( 1983 ) emphasize- and that this has [stayed] , in remodelled form , to the present day .

The piggy eyes remained glued on the automatic in my hand .
the piggy eyes [stayed] glued on the automatic in my hand .

In the early years of the nineteenth century , the classical had sustained its peaceful co-existence with the Gothic and a variety of other styles , largely because each house remained at heart Palladian , assuming alternatives merely as decoration .
in the early years of the nineteenth century , the classical had sustained its peaceful co-existence with the gothic and a variety of other styles , largely because each house [stayed] at heart palladian , assuming alternatives merely as decoration .

Even where open fields remained , the methods of operation were radically changed to accommodate these new techniques , but the advantages of convertible husbandry were clearly greatest for those farmers with enclosed fields .
even where open fields [stayed] , the methods of operation were radically changed to accommodate these new techniques , but the advantages of convertible husbandry were clearly greatest for those farmers with enclosed fields .

What remained of woodland by the end of the medieval period was devoured at an ever increasing rate .
what [stayed] of woodland by the end of the medieval period was devoured at an ever increasing rate .

At nearby Applewick only nine acres of open-field land remained to be enclosed by parliamentary act but 6,330 acres of upland moors were dealt with .
at nearby applewick only nine acres of open-field land [stayed] to be enclosed by parliamentary act but 6,330 acres of upland moors were dealt with .

Where the clays gave way to the lighter soils of the Stone Belt , considerable areas of mixed farming remained .
where the clays gave way to the lighter soils of the stone belt , considerable areas of mixed farming [stayed] .

It is true that there were still considerable patches of open field left in some parts of the country : at Castor , which adjoined Helpston on the south , the fields remained open until 1898 : but the Helpston fields had all been enclosed by 1820 .
it is true that there were still considerable patches of open field left in some parts of the country : at castor , which adjoined helpston on the south , the fields [stayed] open until 1898 : but the helpston fields had all been enclosed by 1820 .

In other words , there remained at the time of the parliamentary enclosure only half a dozen farmers who wished to build in the new fields .
in other words , there [stayed] at the time of the parliamentary enclosure only half a dozen farmers who wished to build in the new fields .

Interest rates , too , increased and remained high for a generation .
interest rates , too , increased and [stayed] high for a generation .

It became a favourite walk in the eighteenth century for the citizens of Exeter , and remained so until recent years .
it became a favourite walk in the eighteenth century for the citizens of exeter , and [stayed] so until recent years .

The Exeter canal remained the only one of its kind for almost two hundred years , until James Brindley made his first canal for the Duke of Bridgewater in 1760 .
the exeter canal [stayed] the only one of its kind for almost two hundred years , until james brindley made his first canal for the duke of bridgewater in 1760 .

At times the Worsley canal followed a most circuitous route in order to maintain a level course , and this excessive winding remained a feature of the early canals .
at times the worsley canal followed a most circuitous route in order to maintain a level course , and this excessive winding [stayed] a feature of the early canals .

Birmingham is less attractive because it has remained the commercial centre of the Midlands .
birmingham is less attractive because it has [stayed] the commercial centre of the midlands .

At New Winchelsea many of the thirty-nine squares or chequers into which the town-site had been divided in the 1280s were never built upon , but remained under grass and can be seen to this day .
at new winchelsea many of the thirty-nine squares or chequers into which the town-site had been divided in the 1280s were never built upon , but [stayed] under grass and can be seen to this day .

It remained empty or half-empty despite all the inducements .
it [stayed] empty or half-empty despite all the inducements .

Three times as many people had been packed into the old confines as could prudently be housed there , even by the low standards of a hundred years ago , and the slums of Nottingham have remained a byword down to our own day .
three times as many people had been packed into the old confines as could prudently be housed there , even by the low standards of a hundred years ago , and the slums of nottingham have [stayed] a byword down to our own day .

The open fields remained open for another generation — until the secret ballot came in 1872 , but by then grass was growing in the streets of the town .
the open fields [stayed] open for another generation — until the secret ballot came in 1872 , but by then grass was growing in the streets of the town .

And there at Stamford , the beautiful town that Celia Fiennes and Defoe had admired so much remained almost exactly as they had seen it : but fossilised , moribund .
and there at stamford , the beautiful town that celia fiennes and defoe had admired so much [stayed] almost exactly as they had seen it : but fossilised , moribund .

The railway did come to Stamford in the end , but even then the influence of the Cecils remained and is still visible .
the railway did come to stamford in the end , but even then the influence of the cecils [stayed] and is still visible .

The inhabitants of Mauléon remained pro-English rather longer than most , for the good reason that they found that to be governed from England was the nearest one could then come to being autonomous .
the inhabitants of mauléon [stayed] pro-english rather longer than most , for the good reason that they found that to be governed from england was the nearest one could then come to being autonomous .

And there were elements of their life history which remained open to non-racist articulation .
and there were elements of their life history which [stayed] open to non-racist articulation .

Madame Melasse was one of the handful of Europeans who remained .
madame melasse was one of the handful of europeans who [stayed] .

But it remained a fact that the British were not truly a maritime race .
but it [stayed] a fact that the british were not truly a maritime race .

While the Combination Laws of 1799 and 1800 , enacted as a response to a fear of the spread of revolution from the continent , had been notoriously ineffective , prudence remained the order of the day even after their repeal in 1824 , and it remained convenient to take advantage of friendly society legislation .
while the combination laws of 1799 and 1800 , enacted as a response to a fear of the spread of revolution from the continent , had been notoriously ineffective , prudence [stayed] the order of the day even after their repeal in 1824 , and it [stayed] convenient to take advantage of friendly society legislation .

In particular , the London owners saw their position as different from those of other ports and remained indifferent to the idea of a nationwide employers ' organization devoted to stemming the rising tide of trade unionism among seamen , and without London support any such project was unlikely to succeed .
in particular , the london owners saw their position as different from those of other ports and [stayed] indifferent to the idea of a nationwide employers ' organization devoted to stemming the rising tide of trade unionism among seamen , and without london support any such project was unlikely to succeed .

He was also given authority to appoint full-time organisers who remained responsible to him .
he was also given authority to appoint full-time organisers who [stayed] responsible to him .

Full-time local officials still remained essential to the union .
full-time local officials still [stayed] essential to the union .

Branches remained unstable .
branches [stayed] unstable .

Despite the wholesale purge of local secretaries , the shortage of good officials remained a problem .
despite the wholesale purge of local secretaries , the shortage of good officials [stayed] a problem .

In the climate of violence generated by the Federation neither his union , nor any other established with a similar purpose , seems to have remained in operation for more than two or three years .
in the climate of violence generated by the federation neither his union , nor any other established with a similar purpose , seems to have [stayed] in operation for more than two or three years .

Even then , the problem of seamen finding themselves disqualified for petty reasons remained an aggravating one .
even then , the problem of seamen finding themselves disqualified for petty reasons [stayed] an aggravating one .

While the cost of living continued to soar , wage increases remained difficult to obtain ; shipowners continued to hanker after the employment of cheap Chinese labour and extracted record profits , while the U-boat campaign raged unabated .
while the cost of living continued to soar , wage increases [stayed] difficult to obtain ; shipowners continued to hanker after the employment of cheap chinese labour and extracted record profits , while the u-boat campaign raged unabated .

Meanwhile the situation between the government , the union and the Shipowners ' Federation had proceeded almost to the point of agreement in principle on a National Maritime Board and a proposal from Havelock Wilson that a single source of supply of seamen should be under the joint control of the Federation and the union , though formal acceptance and drafting problems remained ; so did the Liverpool revolt .
meanwhile the situation between the government , the union and the shipowners ' federation had proceeded almost to the point of agreement in principle on a national maritime board and a proposal from havelock wilson that a single source of supply of seamen should be under the joint control of the federation and the union , though formal acceptance and drafting problems [stayed] ; so did the liverpool revolt .

The immediate strike threat was over and the union had demonstrated its ability to control the men ; the formal establishment of the National Maritime Board remained .
the immediate strike threat was over and the union had demonstrated its ability to control the men ; the formal establishment of the national maritime board [stayed] .

Such situations are notoriously unstable , as it was in this case , for the team remained together in that form for less than a year .
such situations are notoriously unstable , as it was in this case , for the team [stayed] together in that form for less than a year .

As long as all of the parameters of the sub-domain remained the same , the functional calculation program would not be called .
as long as all of the parameters of the sub-domain [stayed] the same , the functional calculation program would not be called .

Within a few decades , forests and animals had returned to the shattered islands which were all that remained of Krakatoa 's outer rim ; and from the waters between them emerged an ominous smoking mound , sometimes growing at a rate of more than three feet a month .
within a few decades , forests and animals had returned to the shattered islands which were all that [stayed] of krakatoa 's outer rim ; and from the waters between them emerged an ominous smoking mound , sometimes growing at a rate of more than three feet a month .

The island presented such a complex profile to the early European navigators that they assumed her to be separate islands — and her pluralized name remained all the way up to Indonesia 's independence when an orgy of name-changing occurred and Celebes was renamed Sulawesi , and her capital , Makassar , became Ujung Pandang .
the island presented such a complex profile to the early european navigators that they assumed her to be separate islands — and her pluralized name [stayed] all the way up to indonesia 's independence when an orgy of name-changing occurred and celebes was renamed sulawesi , and her capital , makassar , became ujung pandang .

The sapphire waters of the coast have long been the domain of fierce sea-going tribes who were such a formidable barrier to the early European spice traders that the mountainous backbone of the island remained unexplored until the turn of this century .
the sapphire waters of the coast have long been the domain of fierce sea-going tribes who were such a formidable barrier to the early european spice traders that the mountainous backbone of the island [stayed] unexplored until the turn of this century .

During a bright moon , headlights were kept off — otherwise they remained on only when driving on the road alone .
during a bright moon , headlights were kept off — otherwise they [stayed] on only when driving on the road alone .

It had been so quick and thorough that only a few people now remained around it , staring glassy-eyed , and the Rante itself already seemed oddly quiet and deserted .
it had been so quick and thorough that only a few people now [stayed] around it , staring glassy-eyed , and the rante itself already seemed oddly quiet and deserted .

We had failed to locate a single prahu master , or `` nakoda `` , who had been anywhere near them , or had the slightest interest in doing so , and it was now so late in the west monsoon that there only remained another six weeks before we would no longer be able to depart without risking the winds dying and starting to reverse themselves before we had reached our destination .
we had failed to locate a single prahu master , or `` nakoda `` , who had been anywhere near them , or had the slightest interest in doing so , and it was now so late in the west monsoon that there only [stayed] another six weeks before we would no longer be able to depart without risking the winds dying and starting to reverse themselves before we had reached our destination .

When we were asleep , it had ceased to matter , but when we ate it still remained a bore .
when we were asleep , it had ceased to matter , but when we ate it still [stayed] a bore .

Our next port of call would be Bira again , which anyway lay directly on our course back eastwards , and where some unfinished business remained to be settled .
our next port of call would be bira again , which anyway lay directly on our course back eastwards , and where some unfinished business [stayed] to be settled .

The Virgin , Ford relates , appeared to a young shepherd in the Alpilles who was chiselling a rock , and remained whilst he carved her portrait . ``
the virgin , ford relates , appeared to a young shepherd in the alpilles who was chiselling a rock , and [stayed] whilst he carved her portrait . ``

Following their surrender they remained in a series of open encampments between Lienz and Oberdrauberg .
following their surrender they [stayed] in a series of open encampments between lienz and oberdrauberg .

On 28 April , the Caucasians joined Domanov 's Cossacks on the retreat into Austria , surrendered with them to the British 78 Div on 8 May and remained encamped east of Lienz near Dellach .
on 28 april , the caucasians joined domanov 's cossacks on the retreat into austria , surrendered with them to the british 78 div on 8 may and [stayed] encamped east of lienz near dellach .

Given asylum by King Alexander , it had remained in being as a military unit and on the German invasion of Yugoslavia in 1941 had offered its services in defence of Yugoslavia against the Germans , although it did not take part in that brief campaign .
given asylum by king alexander , it had [stayed] in being as a military unit and on the german invasion of yugoslavia in 1941 had offered its services in defence of yugoslavia against the germans , although it did not take part in that brief campaign .

For many centuries it remained in the hands mainly of the monastic houses , where there was always a physic garden containing the herbs required by the prevailing medical incumbent .
for many centuries it [stayed] in the hands mainly of the monastic houses , where there was always a physic garden containing the herbs required by the prevailing medical incumbent .

His sudden rush of Anglican devotion remained unexplained and incomprehensible .
his sudden rush of anglican devotion [stayed] unexplained and incomprehensible .

They seemed to come into focus only slowly , a silent mass of tightly packed yellow faces glistening with perspiration ; scores of dark eyes had been watching him unwaveringly all the time , but their expressions remained uniformly blank .
they seemed to come into focus only slowly , a silent mass of tightly packed yellow faces glistening with perspiration ; scores of dark eyes had been watching him unwaveringly all the time , but their expressions [stayed] uniformly blank .

Joseph 's expression remained dubious for a moments then his face lit up again and he pointed westward over the captain 's shoulder . ``
joseph 's expression [stayed] dubious for a moments then his face lit up again and he pointed westward over the captain 's shoulder . ``

Sometimes the sudden screech of an unseen bird startled the brothers , but otherwise the brilliant green tropical forest through which they were gliding remaIned eerily silent .
sometimes the sudden screech of an unseen bird startled the brothers , but otherwise the brilliant green tropical forest through which they were gliding [stayed] eerily silent .

It ran beside a broad , shaded boulevard of feathery pepper trees , and the sudden sight of European-style buildings made him reflect that the jungles , fields and villages through which they 'd been moving for the past few hours had remained unchanging throughout many centuries .
it ran beside a broad , shaded boulevard of feathery pepper trees , and the sudden sight of european-style buildings made him reflect that the jungles , fields and villages through which they 'd been moving for the past few hours had [stayed] unchanging throughout many centuries .

It was clear from the governor 's demeanour that his invitation did not extend beyond the Americans , and the elderly mandarin remained standing apart with his son and his son 's wife .
it was clear from the governor 's demeanour that his invitation did not extend beyond the americans , and the elderly mandarin [stayed] standing apart with his son and his son 's wife .

Seeing that the Annamese would otherwise be left abandoned , he remained beside them , shifting uncomfortably from one foot to another , searching his mind frantically for something to say .
seeing that the annamese would otherwise be left abandoned , he [stayed] beside them , shifting uncomfortably from one foot to another , searching his mind frantically for something to say .

The face of the elderly mandarin above the long gray wispy goatee remained dauntingly blank , and Joseph turned in desperation to the younger Annamese , realizing that no formal introduction had been made with them . ``
the face of the elderly mandarin above the long gray wispy goatee [stayed] dauntingly blank , and joseph turned in desperation to the younger annamese , realizing that no formal introduction had been made with them . ``

For a moment he remained motionless , his eyes closed , then he lifted his joined hands in front of him in a graceful arc and bent to press his forehead against the floor in silent prayer .
for a moment he [stayed] motionless , his eyes closed , then he lifted his joined hands in front of him in a graceful arc and bent to press his forehead against the floor in silent prayer .

In his turn , Tran Van Hieu knelt to perform the same silent acts of obeisance as the older man , but after prostrating himself for the third time , he remained on his knees and to his children 's surprise began to pray aloud .
in his turn , tran van hieu knelt to perform the same silent acts of obeisance as the older man , but after prostrating himself for the third time , he [stayed] on his knees and to his children 's surprise began to pray aloud .

Kim bit his lip and stared at the floor as his father rose to look meaningfully in their direction ; Tam and Lan also shifted uncomfortably under his gaze , which remained on them unwaveringly throughout their mother 's act of devotion .
kim bit his lip and stared at the floor as his father rose to look meaningfully in their direction ; tam and lan also shifted uncomfortably under his gaze , which [stayed] on them unwaveringly throughout their mother 's act of devotion .

For a long time he remained bent over his hands without uttering any form of prayer .
for a long time he [stayed] bent over his hands without uttering any form of prayer .

The Frenchman 's voice betrayed no trace of humour , and his tanned , leathery face remained set in unsmiling lines as he spoke .
the frenchman 's voice betrayed no trace of humour , and his tanned , leathery face [stayed] set in unsmiling lines as he spoke .

All the time her face remained in shadow , the attitude of her head intent and concentrated ; no eyes ever sought his face .
all the time her face [stayed] in shadow , the attitude of her head intent and concentrated ; no eyes ever sought his face .

When she stepped from the car he had greeted her with careful formality and his manner had remained stiff and impersonal as they began the ride ; but she sensed a tension in him too and knew intuitively that it was not a lack of interest that kept his gaze averted from her .
when she stepped from the car he had greeted her with careful formality and his manner had [stayed] stiff and impersonal as they began the ride ; but she sensed a tension in him too and knew intuitively that it was not a lack of interest that kept his gaze averted from her .

Her eyes sparkled afresh at each new revelation and she hung on his every word , but his lean face remained expressionless , his eyes unchangingly distant .
her eyes sparkled afresh at each new revelation and she hung on his every word , but his lean face [stayed] expressionless , his eyes unchangingly distant .

He had ridden on ahead again , ignoring her apology , and remained in front until they reached the camp .
he had ridden on ahead again , ignoring her apology , and [stayed] in front until they reached the camp .

The breeze was blowing from behind the buffalo , and if they remained quiet the animals would have no inkling of their presence .
the breeze was blowing from behind the buffalo , and if they [stayed] quiet the animals would have no inkling of their presence .

What they said remained inaudible , but it was clear that the Frenchman was offering only an occasional monosyllable to punctuate her husband 's rambling drawl .
what they said [stayed] inaudible , but it was clear that the frenchman was offering only an occasional monosyllable to punctuate her husband 's rambling drawl .

For a long time he remained motionless like this , his body arched backward , his teeth clenched , his lips drawn back in a silent rictus of ecstatic agony .
for a long time he [stayed] motionless like this , his body arched backward , his teeth clenched , his lips drawn back in a silent rictus of ecstatic agony .

They had remained wrapped in their own separate thoughts ever since leaving the hunting camp earlier in the day and had barely spoken to one another .
they had [stayed] wrapped in their own separate thoughts ever since leaving the hunting camp earlier in the day and had barely spoken to one another .

On his throne Khai Dinh remained unmoving , accepting their abject demonstrations of loyalty without a flicker of expression .
on his throne khai dinh [stayed] unmoving , accepting their abject demonstrations of loyalty without a flicker of expression .

He might have looked comic if his proud , wrinkled face had not remained set in a devout and dignified expression as he went through what was clearly a considerable exertion to his failing strength .
he might have looked comic if his proud , wrinkled face had not [stayed] set in a devout and dignified expression as he went through what was clearly a considerable exertion to his failing strength .

Urged on by their riders with short metal-tipped bamboo rods , the elephants lowered themselves slowly to their knees , facing towards the throne , and remained kneeling for a minute or two , their trunks curling and swaying in front of them in time with the cacophonous music .
urged on by their riders with short metal-tipped bamboo rods , the elephants lowered themselves slowly to their knees , facing towards the throne , and [stayed] kneeling for a minute or two , their trunks curling and swaying in front of them in time with the cacophonous music .

But the emperor remained impassive on his dais and the Resident Superior merely raised an amused eyebrow in the direction of one of his colleagues .
but the emperor [stayed] impassive on his dais and the resident superior merely raised an amused eyebrow in the direction of one of his colleagues .

The tone of the recruiter remained confident , unabashed . ``
the tone of the recruiter [stayed] confident , unabashed . ``

The anguished force of the stroke drove the Corsican to his knees and , paralysed with shock , he remained in this posture , groping ineffectually for the bone-handled knife as his blood spurted onto the red dust around him .
the anguished force of the stroke drove the corsican to his knees and , paralysed with shock , he [stayed] in this posture , groping ineffectually for the bone-handled knife as his blood spurted onto the red dust around him .

Directly he did so the whole village , shops , inns , stalls , and people , and the river of wine , all vanished away ; nothing remained but the waterfall dashing over its crag . ``
directly he did so the whole village , shops , inns , stalls , and people , and the river of wine , all vanished away ; nothing [stayed] but the waterfall dashing over its crag . ``

Although by that time an elected parliament had become an influential factor in politics , the arbiter of social status remained the court , with its officialdom of ministers , chamberlains , masters of ceremonies — all nobles and mostly descendants of the oldest families .
although by that time an elected parliament had become an influential factor in politics , the arbiter of social status [stayed] the court , with its officialdom of ministers , chamberlains , masters of ceremonies — all nobles and mostly descendants of the oldest families .

There remained differences , however , between the industrial and agricultural sectors of European society , and these differences were most clearly reflected in the bourgeois advocacy of free trade and the aristocratic demand for tariffs .
there [stayed] differences , however , between the industrial and agricultural sectors of european society , and these differences were most clearly reflected in the bourgeois advocacy of free trade and the aristocratic demand for tariffs .

In the wider world , though Britain 's trading primacy remained universally recognized , perplexing questions of commercial influence and colonial domination presented themselves .
in the wider world , though britain 's trading primacy [stayed] universally recognized , perplexing questions of commercial influence and colonial domination presented themselves .

Seeing her there , Stephen had to remind himself — for nothing in her bearing hinted at it and no vestige of hand-some looks remained — that she had once been the mistress of Alfred Osborn Tace .
seeing her there , stephen had to remind himself — for nothing in her bearing hinted at it and no vestige of hand-some looks [stayed] — that she had once been the mistress of alfred osborn tace .

Long ago , thousands of years ago perhaps , a rune had been carved in the centre of the broad flat stone , and the faint marks which still remained indicated that the rune had been in the shape the shadows of the Foinmen made at sunset .
long ago , thousands of years ago perhaps , a rune had been carved in the centre of the broad flat stone , and the faint marks which still [stayed] indicated that the rune had been in the shape the shadows of the foinmen made at sunset .

Not a trace of the search or the find remained — or not as far as he could see .
not a trace of the search or the find [stayed] — or not as far as he could see .

Once it disappeared altogether , and although a fair degree of brightness remained in the sky , the land became very dark and in this pathless place it was not easy for Stephen to find his way .
once it disappeared altogether , and although a fair degree of brightness [stayed] in the sky , the land became very dark and in this pathless place it was not easy for stephen to find his way .

The figure remained absolutely still among the little birch trees and right in the path Stephen had mapped out for himself to take .
the figure [stayed] absolutely still among the little birch trees and right in the path stephen had mapped out for himself to take .

He got to his feet again and walked back across Goughdale , pausing at each ruin of a mine building to check if any more entrances to the underground workings remained unblocked .
he got to his feet again and walked back across goughdale , pausing at each ruin of a mine building to check if any more entrances to the underground workings [stayed] unblocked .

They did n't all desert their girlfriends when they became pregnant , some have remained to provide crucial emotional and practical support .
they did n't all desert their girlfriends when they became pregnant , some have [stayed] to provide crucial emotional and practical support .

Despite his good intentions , and despite the more rational management principles and institutions introduced by Speranskii , the actual administration of Siberia , the manner of its economic exploitation , the low levels of popular enlightenment , the permanently suppurating sore of the exile system , the treatment of the native population — which still ranged from the paternalistic to the spasmodically genocidal — and the survival of traditional ‘ imperialist ’ attitudes in St Petersburg , meant that in practice the old core-periphery , metropolis-frontier relationships still remained in force , and Siberia continued to be treated and governed in a manner which reflected its original quasi-colonial status .
despite his good intentions , and despite the more rational management principles and institutions introduced by speranskii , the actual administration of siberia , the manner of its economic exploitation , the low levels of popular enlightenment , the permanently suppurating sore of the exile system , the treatment of the native population — which still ranged from the paternalistic to the spasmodically genocidal — and the survival of traditional ‘ imperialist ’ attitudes in st petersburg , meant that in practice the old core-periphery , metropolis-frontier relationships still [stayed] in force , and siberia continued to be treated and governed in a manner which reflected its original quasi-colonial status .

By that time the native peoples constituted a minority of only 30 per cent of the total population of Siberia , and they remained at that level until the end of the eighteenth century , although their own numbers increased from 288,000 in 1719 to 732,000 in 1795 .
by that time the native peoples constituted a minority of only 30 per cent of the total population of siberia , and they [stayed] at that level until the end of the eighteenth century , although their own numbers increased from 288,000 in 1719 to 732,000 in 1795 .

During the nineteenth century the absolute number of indigenous Siberians remained approximately the same as at the end of the eighteenth century , but their proportion in the total population of some five million fell to about 14 per cent .
during the nineteenth century the absolute number of indigenous siberians [stayed] approximately the same as at the end of the eighteenth century , but their proportion in the total population of some five million fell to about 14 per cent .

Neither the locations of the native peoples outlined above , nor their ethnic and cultural features , remained static during the period from the late sixteenth to the nineteenth century .
neither the locations of the native peoples outlined above , nor their ethnic and cultural features , [stayed] static during the period from the late sixteenth to the nineteenth century .

The Russians themselves , along with other people from west of the Urals , settled most densely in a zone approximately 400 to 700 kilometres widen following the main land route across southern Siberia , with particularly large wedges near the Urals and between Omsk and Krasnoyarsk , where by the late nineteenth century practically no native people remained except for widely scattered villages of Tatars .
the russians themselves , along with other people from west of the urals , settled most densely in a zone approximately 400 to 700 kilometres widen following the main land route across southern siberia , with particularly large wedges near the urals and between omsk and krasnoyarsk , where by the late nineteenth century practically no native people [stayed] except for widely scattered villages of tatars .

He was obviously quite excited at the prospect of an end to his life of celibacy , but remained a perfect gentleman even though he went very blue in the face in his excitement .
he was obviously quite excited at the prospect of an end to his life of celibacy , but [stayed] a perfect gentleman even though he went very blue in the face in his excitement .

Because the internal fabric and walls of the flats always remained cold , it meant that when any warm moist air was produced when people breathed or boiled a kettle , the steam condensed on the cold surfaces which was the ideal breeding conditions for the fungus .
because the internal fabric and walls of the flats always [stayed] cold , it meant that when any warm moist air was produced when people breathed or boiled a kettle , the steam condensed on the cold surfaces which was the ideal breeding conditions for the fungus .

At independence in 1975 , only about eighty doctors remained in the country .
at independence in 1975 , only about eighty doctors [stayed] in the country .

There were not so many of them : five , to be precise , and one of those was Charles , and another her first husband Edgar Lintot , to whom she had remained married for less than a year .
there were not so many of them : five , to be precise , and one of those was charles , and another her first husband edgar lintot , to whom she had [stayed] married for less than a year .

She had once thought of herself as unique , had been encouraged ( in theory at least ) by her education and by her reading to believe in the individual self , the individual soul , but as she grew older she increasingly questioned these concepts : seeing people perhaps more as flickering impermanent points of light irradiating stretches , intersections , threads , of a vast web , a vast network , which was humanity itself : a web of which much remained dark , apparently but not necessarily unpeopled : peopled by the dark , the unlit , the dim spirits , as yet unknown , the past and the future , the dead , the unborn : and herself , and Brian , and Liz , and Charles , and Esther , and Teddy Lazenby , and Otto and Caroline Werner , and all the rest of them at that bright party , and in these discreet anonymous dark curtained avenues and crescents were but chance and fitful illuminations , chance meetings , chance and unchosen representatives of the thing itself .
she had once thought of herself as unique , had been encouraged ( in theory at least ) by her education and by her reading to believe in the individual self , the individual soul , but as she grew older she increasingly questioned these concepts : seeing people perhaps more as flickering impermanent points of light irradiating stretches , intersections , threads , of a vast web , a vast network , which was humanity itself : a web of which much [stayed] dark , apparently but not necessarily unpeopled : peopled by the dark , the unlit , the dim spirits , as yet unknown , the past and the future , the dead , the unborn : and herself , and brian , and liz , and charles , and esther , and teddy lazenby , and otto and caroline werner , and all the rest of them at that bright party , and in these discreet anonymous dark curtained avenues and crescents were but chance and fitful illuminations , chance meetings , chance and unchosen representatives of the thing itself .

Rita Ablewhite knew this , though how she knew it remained , to Liz , a mystery which she did not think , did not care to question .
rita ablewhite knew this , though how she knew it [stayed] , to liz , a mystery which she did not think , did not care to question .

2 ) , where the Court of Appeal refused to relist the applicant 's appeal following a successful prosecution appeal to the House of Lords , notwithstanding that two arguable grounds of appeal previously heard by the Court of Appeal remained outstanding .
2 ) , where the court of appeal refused to relist the applicant 's appeal following a successful prosecution appeal to the house of lords , notwithstanding that two arguable grounds of appeal previously heard by the court of appeal [stayed] outstanding .

The court which sentences him for the latest offence will have to decide whether to return him to prison to serve a period equal to the balance of the sentence which remained on the day the offence was committed .
the court which sentences him for the latest offence will have to decide whether to return him to prison to serve a period equal to the balance of the sentence which [stayed] on the day the offence was committed .

We have all remained friends despite some very dark hours .
we have all [stayed] friends despite some very dark hours .

Some modern sociologists have remained close to the original theories of Marx and Weber .
some modern sociologists have [stayed] close to the original theories of marx and weber .

However , financiers , merchants and bankers , such as the Rothschilds and the Barings , remained the most distinctive group .
however , financiers , merchants and bankers , such as the rothschilds and the barings , [stayed] the most distinctive group .

The opportunities for common involvement in enterprise were , however , limited by the fact that most companies remained family owned .
the opportunities for common involvement in enterprise were , however , limited by the fact that most companies [stayed] family owned .

Sir David Brewster 's victorian biography , first published in 1855 , remained the standard account for a long time .
sir david brewster 's victorian biography , first published in 1855 , [stayed] the standard account for a long time .

‘ People coming and going ’ were to provide Bischof 's subject matter in the eight years of life that remained to him after his meeting with Rosellina ; people in camps , people displaced by the Second World War and then by the regional wars that succeeded it , from Eastern Europe to Indochina , and from Scandinavia to Japan .
‘ people coming and going ’ were to provide bischof 's subject matter in the eight years of life that [stayed] to him after his meeting with rosellina ; people in camps , people displaced by the second world war and then by the regional wars that succeeded it , from eastern europe to indochina , and from scandinavia to japan .

Clearly , the observations made by Darwin during his voyage on the Beagle , for example , would have been inconsequential for science had they remained Darwin 's private experiences .
clearly , the observations made by darwin during his voyage on the beagle , for example , would have been inconsequential for science had they [stayed] darwin 's private experiences .

If all scientists were and remained normal scientists then a particular science would become trapped in a single paradigm and would never progress beyond it .
if all scientists were and [stayed] normal scientists then a particular science would become trapped in a single paradigm and would never progress beyond it .

But the rapid sequence of the events which follow proves that Athens ' morale remained buoyant even though 250 of her ships were at the bottom of the Nile Delta .
but the rapid sequence of the events which follow proves that athens ' morale [stayed] buoyant even though 250 of her ships were at the bottom of the nile delta .

Britain had become the most urbanized nation in the world by the late nineteenth century , and has probably remained so ever since .
britain had become the most urbanized nation in the world by the late nineteenth century , and has probably [stayed] so ever since .

This ratio shows that measures of housing condition have remained quite stable between 1976 and 1981 , with the rate of improvement perhaps being slowed down by reduced grant availability in the late 1970s , but that there are distinct differences between different types of location in the incidence of poor housing .
this ratio shows that measures of housing condition have [stayed] quite stable between 1976 and 1981 , with the rate of improvement perhaps being slowed down by reduced grant availability in the late 1970s , but that there are distinct differences between different types of location in the incidence of poor housing .

Many of the tenants buying would have remained in the same houses , so there would not have been ‘ voids ’ for allocation in any case .
many of the tenants buying would have [stayed] in the same houses , so there would not have been ‘ voids ’ for allocation in any case .

During this period the vehicle fleet size remained almost constant , although it was less intensively used , with a decline of 9 per cent in vehicle miles ( Association of County Councils 1979 ) .
during this period the vehicle fleet size [stayed] almost constant , although it was less intensively used , with a decline of 9 per cent in vehicle miles ( association of county councils 1979 ) .

Even the argument that key settlements offer economies of scale has not remained unscathed .
even the argument that key settlements offer economies of scale has not [stayed] unscathed .

It therefore followed that the application for admission , made on October 13 , 1988 , remained in force for 28 days under section 2 ( 4 ) of the Act and not merely for 72 hours under section 135 ( 3 ) .
it therefore followed that the application for admission , made on october 13 , 1988 , [stayed] in force for 28 days under section 2 ( 4 ) of the act and not merely for 72 hours under section 135 ( 3 ) .

The thirty-two-bar form was pervasive between the wars , but it has remained important since — even in rock .
the thirty-two-bar form was pervasive between the wars , but it has [stayed] important since — even in rock .

This has not remained altogether true of rock , which to some extent has developed more individual formal patterns , especially in progressive rock .
this has not [stayed] altogether true of rock , which to some extent has developed more individual formal patterns , especially in progressive rock .

Thus no attention is paid to the immense variety of types within the modes ( figured bass as against Wagnerian orchestral score , for example ; or esoteric ritual song , in which accurate memory is vital , as against collective-variative improvisation of epic ) ; or to the fact that many musical practices overreach the extent of a mode ( thus , improvisation remained important in much notated European music until the middle of the nineteenth century ; studio-based musicians quite often use forms of notation , when it suits their purposes ) .
thus no attention is paid to the immense variety of types within the modes ( figured bass as against wagnerian orchestral score , for example ; or esoteric ritual song , in which accurate memory is vital , as against collective-variative improvisation of epic ) ; or to the fact that many musical practices overreach the extent of a mode ( thus , improvisation [stayed] important in much notated european music until the middle of the nineteenth century ; studio-based musicians quite often use forms of notation , when it suits their purposes ) .

single geographical entities , producing predominantly one product ) has remained fairly static over the last fifty years .
single geographical entities , producing predominantly one product ) has [stayed] fairly static over the last fifty years .

The fears raised by Labour in the 1951 election campaign therefore remained unrealised , and the Tories were able to approach the 1955 election , following Churchill 's replacement by Eden as prime minister , with considerable confidence .
the fears raised by labour in the 1951 election campaign therefore [stayed] unrealised , and the tories were able to approach the 1955 election , following churchill 's replacement by eden as prime minister , with considerable confidence .

This pay policy , for which there had been no attempt to establish wide political support , bore particularly hard on certain groups of relatively weakly organised workers such as nurses , teachers and hospital workers whose case commanded considerable public sympathy , and when the deflationary measures had checked the run on the pound trade union antagonism to the government remained .
this pay policy , for which there had been no attempt to establish wide political support , bore particularly hard on certain groups of relatively weakly organised workers such as nurses , teachers and hospital workers whose case commanded considerable public sympathy , and when the deflationary measures had checked the run on the pound trade union antagonism to the government [stayed] .

The emerging competitive weakness of the economy was demonstrated by the fact that while the deflationary measures pushed unemployment up sharply over the winter of 1962–63 , the balance of payments remained in deficit .
the emerging competitive weakness of the economy was demonstrated by the fact that while the deflationary measures pushed unemployment up sharply over the winter of 1962–63 , the balance of payments [stayed] in deficit .

Labour , as the largest party in this first ‘ hung Parliament ’ of the post war years , formed a government , but parliament remained dominated by the prospect of another election .
labour , as the largest party in this first ‘ hung parliament ’ of the post war years , formed a government , but parliament [stayed] dominated by the prospect of another election .

( The Selsdon-type beliefs , that the trade unions had too much power and that public spending was too high , remained strong among the electorate . )
( the selsdon-type beliefs , that the trade unions had too much power and that public spending was too high , [stayed] strong among the electorate . )

Rack renting combined with taxes and tithes — according to the abolitionists of the thirties these alone consumed a quarter of the peasants ' net income — drove out the enterprising and condemned those who remained to one of the most hopeless forms of subsistence farming .
rack renting combined with taxes and tithes — according to the abolitionists of the thirties these alone consumed a quarter of the peasants ' net income — drove out the enterprising and condemned those who [stayed] to one of the most hopeless forms of subsistence farming .

’ This was an exaggeration ; the desert appearance of poor pasture and dried-out stubble remained after the commons had gone .
’ this was an exaggeration ; the desert appearance of poor pasture and dried-out stubble [stayed] after the commons had gone .

The abuses of the latifundia had been recognized before the systematic criticism of the later eighteenth century and the case against the great estate remained as the emotional drive behind all land reform .
the abuses of the latifundia had been recognized before the systematic criticism of the later eighteenth century and the case against the great estate [stayed] as the emotional drive behind all land reform .

In much of Castile minifundia were created by inheritance laws that divided equally among children , whereas in the Basque Provinces and Catalonia the family farm remained as a unit for generations .
in much of castile minifundia were created by inheritance laws that divided equally among children , whereas in the basque provinces and catalonia the family farm [stayed] as a unit for generations .

Thus the silk industry of Valencia , frequently noted by travellers as one of the most promising features of the economy , apart from a period of prosperity between 1835 and 1852 , remained relatively stagnant throughout the nineteenth century ; in the late eighteenth century a technically advanced industry , in the nineteenth it could not keep pace with Lyons .
thus the silk industry of valencia , frequently noted by travellers as one of the most promising features of the economy , apart from a period of prosperity between 1835 and 1852 , [stayed] relatively stagnant throughout the nineteenth century ; in the late eighteenth century a technically advanced industry , in the nineteenth it could not keep pace with lyons .

With its strong guild , its suspicion of machinery , it remained representative of an older industrial civilization that persisted alongside the drive of the cotton men , and represented an attitude that could delay the modernization of the economy .
with its strong guild , its suspicion of machinery , it [stayed] representative of an older industrial civilization that persisted alongside the drive of the cotton men , and represented an attitude that could delay the modernization of the economy .

The average parish priest was poor and remained so throughout the nineteenth and twentieth centuries : he earned less than a well-paid labourer and was often dependent , in rural parishes , on the sale of eggs and on other minor agricultural pursuits .
the average parish priest was poor and [stayed] so throughout the nineteenth and twentieth centuries : he earned less than a well-paid labourer and was often dependent , in rural parishes , on the sale of eggs and on other minor agricultural pursuits .

Even if their abolition increased mobility — in it allowed the recruitment of entrepreneurs from the ranks of prudent shopkeepers and industrious artisans — the closed life of the family , which the guild had represented , remained the most durable social institution of the urban middle classes .
even if their abolition increased mobility — in it allowed the recruitment of entrepreneurs from the ranks of prudent shopkeepers and industrious artisans — the closed life of the family , which the guild had represented , [stayed] the most durable social institution of the urban middle classes .

Only in Catalonia , where there was a true industrial civilization , could there be a radical proletariat ; but the working-class politics of Barcelona remained a world apart until the late nineteenth century .
only in catalonia , where there was a true industrial civilization , could there be a radical proletariat ; but the working-class politics of barcelona [stayed] a world apart until the late nineteenth century .

The Economic Societies of the eighteenth century started with a tertulia of Basque gentry and conversation remained the main focus of intellectual life in the twentieth century .
the economic societies of the eighteenth century started with a tertulia of basque gentry and conversation [stayed] the main focus of intellectual life in the twentieth century .

Thus reform often petered out in a rearrangement of government offices — a persistent feature of Spanish administrative history — which failed to eradicate the inherited vices of a paper-loving bureaucracy ; the navy , for example , remained a ground-based pasture for underpaid civil servants to browse on , a defect that had costly results at Trafalgar .
thus reform often petered out in a rearrangement of government offices — a persistent feature of spanish administrative history — which failed to eradicate the inherited vices of a paper-loving bureaucracy ; the navy , for example , [stayed] a ground-based pasture for underpaid civil servants to browse on , a defect that had costly results at trafalgar .

As was the case with their administrative reforms , the liberals of the nineteenth century were to rest their offensive on different ideological foundations ; but their practical demands on the Church remained , largely , an extension of the regalism of the late-eighteenth-century civil servants .
as was the case with their administrative reforms , the liberals of the nineteenth century were to rest their offensive on different ideological foundations ; but their practical demands on the church [stayed] , largely , an extension of the regalism of the late-eighteenth-century civil servants .

The Spanish Enlightenment remained a government-sponsored , government-censored movement largely confined to the better spirits of the public administration .
the spanish enlightenment [stayed] a government-sponsored , government-censored movement largely confined to the better spirits of the public administration .

The first act of rebellion , and what remained the symbolic centre-piece of revolutionary nationalism — the Madrid rising of 2 May 1808 — was the work of ‘ low people ’ , alarming the Council of Castile as much as Murat .
the first act of rebellion , and what [stayed] the symbolic centre-piece of revolutionary nationalism — the madrid rising of 2 may 1808 — was the work of ‘ low people ’ , alarming the council of castile as much as murat .

They were feeble in policy , loth to tax the propertied classes and the clergy , paralysed by opposition , yet they remained the centre of the civilian war effort , taxing , organizing guerrillas , chasing deserters , and countering defeatist propaganda .
they were feeble in policy , loth to tax the propertied classes and the clergy , paralysed by opposition , yet they [stayed] the centre of the civilian war effort , taxing , organizing guerrillas , chasing deserters , and countering defeatist propaganda .

Yet the liberals of 1812 were involved in the myth of the people who had risen while the aristocracy had remained inert and they were not unaware of the advantages of creating a class of small peasants devoted to the liberal revolution — again an implication of their interest in the French Revolution .
yet the liberals of 1812 were involved in the myth of the people who had risen while the aristocracy had [stayed] inert and they were not unaware of the advantages of creating a class of small peasants devoted to the liberal revolution — again an implication of their interest in the french revolution .

The Revolution remained a military sedition and appeared likely to die a natural death .
the revolution [stayed] a military sedition and appeared likely to die a natural death .

Hugh remained calm at the wheel , driving with the window open .
hugh [stayed] calm at the wheel , driving with the window open .

It was n't fair , just or right for the Signora to come before the hour appointed ; she should have been admitted by Giovanna herself and the keys should have remained hanging on their appointed hook ; the other set being in the pocket of Giovanna 's overall from which she now drew them and held them up making it clear that they would be relinquished only upon her death and then only into the hands of Signor Kettering .
it was n't fair , just or right for the signora to come before the hour appointed ; she should have been admitted by giovanna herself and the keys should have [stayed] hanging on their appointed hook ; the other set being in the pocket of giovanna 's overall from which she now drew them and held them up making it clear that they would be relinquished only upon her death and then only into the hands of signor kettering .

No doubt she should have been alarmed at this thought but she remained excited by it .
no doubt she should have been alarmed at this thought but she [stayed] excited by it .

Perhaps she felt it was up to her to enter the ‘ artistic ’ world to which Arnold remained a devoted but remote outsider .
perhaps she felt it was up to her to enter the ‘ artistic ’ world to which arnold [stayed] a devoted but remote outsider .

It had remained there , she was sure , even after the note in the Piero book had vanished .
it had [stayed] there , she was sure , even after the note in the piero book had vanished .

The visual splendour and durability of gold which made it an outstanding symbol of excellence were matched by the fact that however widely distributed and keenly sought in nature it has remained rare .
the visual splendour and durability of gold which made it an outstanding symbol of excellence were matched by the fact that however widely distributed and keenly sought in nature it has [stayed] rare .

This does not mean that orders of esteem remained constant .
this does not mean that orders of esteem [stayed] constant .

Leading industrialists and businessmen , many of whom were involved in foreign-owned enterprises , generally remained as politically quiescent as the traditional merchant community .
leading industrialists and businessmen , many of whom were involved in foreign-owned enterprises , generally [stayed] as politically quiescent as the traditional merchant community .

Despite increasing integration into the market , therefore , the village remained in large measure set apart from the world outside , regulating its own affairs through customary law under the tutelage of the police .
despite increasing integration into the market , therefore , the village [stayed] in large measure set apart from the world outside , regulating its own affairs through customary law under the tutelage of the police .

On the other hand , much of the opposition to the regime remained unpacified by the Manifesto .
on the other hand , much of the opposition to the regime [stayed] unpacified by the manifesto .

The moderate socialists remained opposed to the formation of a Soviet-based government , but rejected co-operation with the Kadets whom they considered implicated in the Kornilov affair .
the moderate socialists [stayed] opposed to the formation of a soviet-based government , but rejected co-operation with the kadets whom they considered implicated in the kornilov affair .

Until the late 1980s , Soviet historians remained under close party supervision .
until the late 1980s , soviet historians [stayed] under close party supervision .

The published documentation improved out of all recognition , but Lenin 's ‘ complete works ’ remained manifestly incomplete and access to the more sensitive archives remained restricted , and obvious distortions , such as the underrating of the role of Trotsky , are only now being overcome .
the published documentation improved out of all recognition , but lenin 's ‘ complete works ’ [stayed] manifestly incomplete and access to the more sensitive archives [stayed] restricted , and obvious distortions , such as the underrating of the role of trotsky , are only now being overcome .

The part played by the Bolshevik party has remained hallowed ground , but immense energy has been devoted to substantiating the claims made on its behalf , to tracing its growing influence across the country , and there has even been somewhat more critical discussion of divisions within it .
the part played by the bolshevik party has [stayed] hallowed ground , but immense energy has been devoted to substantiating the claims made on its behalf , to tracing its growing influence across the country , and there has even been somewhat more critical discussion of divisions within it .

Even when , after Stalin 's death in 1953 , the regime edged towards détente , ran down the labour camps , and showed a new concern to reduce overt terror , the Soviet system remained anathema to liberal opinion .
even when , after stalin 's death in 1953 , the regime edged towards détente , ran down the labour camps , and showed a new concern to reduce overt terror , the soviet system [stayed] anathema to liberal opinion .

But socialism was doomed unless power remained on the factory floor and flowed upwards , rather than downwards .
but socialism was doomed unless power [stayed] on the factory floor and flowed upwards , rather than downwards .

But the obstacles to the free development of capitalism and of successful peasant farming remained .
but the obstacles to the free development of capitalism and of successful peasant farming [stayed] .

Meanwhile , the military power of the State remained sufficient to maintain order while the beneficial medicine of socioeconomic development consolidated the bases for a western-style pluralist democracy .
meanwhile , the military power of the state [stayed] sufficient to maintain order while the beneficial medicine of socioeconomic development consolidated the bases for a western-style pluralist democracy .

Even after peasant representation had been abruptly cut in 1907 , and the nobles had been guaranteed a virtual veto against undesirable peasant candidates , the peasant deputies elected to the Third and Fourth Dumas remained unshakeable on the land question .
even after peasant representation had been abruptly cut in 1907 , and the nobles had been guaranteed a virtual veto against undesirable peasant candidates , the peasant deputies elected to the third and fourth dumas [stayed] unshakeable on the land question .

Despite the ferocious measures of repression after 1905 ( equated by one revisionist historian with American ‘ pacification ’ in Vietnam ) , despite the exceptional harvests of 1909–10 and 1911–13 , and despite the strong recovery in grain prices in this period , peasant discontent remained intense .
despite the ferocious measures of repression after 1905 ( equated by one revisionist historian with american ‘ pacification ’ in vietnam ) , despite the exceptional harvests of 1909–10 and 1911–13 , and despite the strong recovery in grain prices in this period , peasant discontent [stayed] intense .

To conclude that the potential for peasant revolution against the status quo remained undiminished in the decade after 1905 does not of course , dispose of the liberal contention that given a longer period of peaceful development the prospects would have changed .
to conclude that the potential for peasant revolution against the status quo [stayed] undiminished in the decade after 1905 does not of course , dispose of the liberal contention that given a longer period of peaceful development the prospects would have changed .

At the same time , while accepting that tension between richer and poorer peasants was growing and that Stolypin 's reform created fierce friction between those who separated from the commune and those who remained within it , revisionists have stressed that it did not shake their common determination that noble land should be transferred into their hands .
at the same time , while accepting that tension between richer and poorer peasants was growing and that stolypin 's reform created fierce friction between those who separated from the commune and those who [stayed] within it , revisionists have stressed that it did not shake their common determination that noble land should be transferred into their hands .

Most noble estates , rather than moving towards direct farming , continued to rely upon share-cropping and labour rent , while among the peasantry , communal tenure remained dominant .
most noble estates , rather than moving towards direct farming , continued to rely upon share-cropping and labour rent , while among the peasantry , communal tenure [stayed] dominant .

As a result , hired labour in the rural economy remained minimal .
as a result , hired labour in the rural economy [stayed] minimal .

Wages were pitiful and despite recovering somewhat in certain sectors in the last years before the war , they remained very low .
wages were pitiful and despite recovering somewhat in certain sectors in the last years before the war , they [stayed] very low .

Yet even they remained adamantly loyal to the socialist parties , and , although generally identifying with the Mensheviks , moved markedly to the Left in the pre-war period .
yet even they [stayed] adamantly loyal to the socialist parties , and , although generally identifying with the mensheviks , moved markedly to the left in the pre-war period .

Even while moving to the Left , trade-union activists remained hostile to Lenin 's fierce factionalism .
even while moving to the left , trade-union activists [stayed] hostile to lenin 's fierce factionalism .

Nationwide union organization remained forbidden , and unions were repeatedly closed down on technical grounds .
nationwide union organization [stayed] forbidden , and unions were repeatedly closed down on technical grounds .

Moreover , working-class political parties remained illegal to the end , and in the elections to the Fourth Duma in 1912 , workers were represented by a mere 13 deputies out of a total of 415 .
moreover , working-class political parties [stayed] illegal to the end , and in the elections to the fourth duma in 1912 , workers were represented by a mere 13 deputies out of a total of 415 .

Government expenditure , concentrated now on armaments rather than railways as in the late nineteenth century , also remained a major stimulant .
government expenditure , concentrated now on armaments rather than railways as in the late nineteenth century , also [stayed] a major stimulant .

On the one hand , while socialist sympathies remained strong among university students , graduates were now readily absorbed into the economy and the proportion engaging in radical politics declined sharply .
on the one hand , while socialist sympathies [stayed] strong among university students , graduates were now readily absorbed into the economy and the proportion engaging in radical politics declined sharply .

Kadet party membership , estimated at 100,000 in 1906 , dwindled drastically , few of those who remained paid their dues , and outside a handful of major cities , local branches of the party virtually disappeared except in the immediate run-up to elections .
kadet party membership , estimated at 100,000 in 1906 , dwindled drastically , few of those who [stayed] paid their dues , and outside a handful of major cities , local branches of the party virtually disappeared except in the immediate run-up to elections .

For the most part , leading industrialists preferred to press their case through narrow professional associations while humbler businessmen remained resistant to appeals to engage more openly in public life .
for the most part , leading industrialists preferred to press their case through narrow professional associations while humbler businessmen [stayed] resistant to appeals to engage more openly in public life .

Moreover , although the Marxists had more success than the populists in creating links with their chosen constituency , those links remained extremely tenuous .
moreover , although the marxists had more success than the populists in creating links with their chosen constituency , those links [stayed] extremely tenuous .

That section of the intelligentsia which continued right up to 1917 to lay primary emphasis on the peasantry rather than the proletariat remained permeated by statist assumptions .
that section of the intelligentsia which continued right up to 1917 to lay primary emphasis on the peasantry rather than the proletariat [stayed] permeated by statist assumptions .

But they all remained on the fringes .
but they all [stayed] on the fringes .

Whatever we want from our lives now — the Booker Prize , a recording contract , a promotion , a Porsche convertible , the girl at the Virgin Megastore checkout desk — we can not possibly have coveted it for as long as we have cherished dreams of football glory , dreams which have remained fundamentally unchanged since childhood .
whatever we want from our lives now — the booker prize , a recording contract , a promotion , a porsche convertible , the girl at the virgin megastore checkout desk — we can not possibly have coveted it for as long as we have cherished dreams of football glory , dreams which have [stayed] fundamentally unchanged since childhood .

Fashion may dictate a change in cut and fabric from time to time , but the archetypal businessman 's suit has remained basically the same .
fashion may dictate a change in cut and fabric from time to time , but the archetypal businessman 's suit has [stayed] basically the same .

And while some ‘ designer names ’ have traded their integrity for the financial rewards of supplying a mass market , Christian Dior is among the few companies which has remained true to the stylish vision of its founder .
and while some ‘ designer names ’ have traded their integrity for the financial rewards of supplying a mass market , christian dior is among the few companies which has [stayed] true to the stylish vision of its founder .

The figures on schooling and educational background are particularly revealing , not just because they disclose that roughly 90 per cent of the country 's judges received a public school education , or that over three quarters had attended either Oxford or Cambridge universities , but because they also confirm that this social profile has remained virtually unaltered over the last four decades or more .
the figures on schooling and educational background are particularly revealing , not just because they disclose that roughly 90 per cent of the country 's judges received a public school education , or that over three quarters had attended either oxford or cambridge universities , but because they also confirm that this social profile has [stayed] virtually unaltered over the last four decades or more .

As a result , the discretionary powers of sentencers remained largely unconstrained and out of control .
as a result , the discretionary powers of sentencers [stayed] largely unconstrained and out of control .

They remained long enough to give their name to the region of Italy where they settled , and to create the marcher duchy of Friuli as a buffer zone against attacks on their kingdom by the occupiers of the Sava-Danube lowlands — the Slavs and their overlords , the Avars .
they [stayed] long enough to give their name to the region of italy where they settled , and to create the marcher duchy of friuli as a buffer zone against attacks on their kingdom by the occupiers of the sava-danube lowlands — the slavs and their overlords , the avars .

The conversion of the Albanians was achieved during the seventeenth century largely through a discriminatory taxation system , the djize , which imposed severe burdens upon those who remained Christians .
the conversion of the albanians was achieved during the seventeenth century largely through a discriminatory taxation system , the djize , which imposed severe burdens upon those who [stayed] christians .

The Hungarians acceded to the throne of Croatia in 1102. and the link remained through many vicissitudes until the collapse of the Austro-Hungarian empire in 1918 .
the hungarians acceded to the throne of croatia in 1102. and the link [stayed] through many vicissitudes until the collapse of the austro-hungarian empire in 1918 .

As the Ottoman tide swept across Macedonia , Serbia , Bosnia , Hercegovina and Albania during the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries , Zeta remained an island which was never completely submerged .
as the ottoman tide swept across macedonia , serbia , bosnia , hercegovina and albania during the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries , zeta [stayed] an island which was never completely submerged .

During the first century after the fall of the Serbian despotate in 1459 , the Serbian Church was placed under the authority of the Greek archbishop of Ohrid , although the local parish clergy remained Slav .
during the first century after the fall of the serbian despotate in 1459 , the serbian church was placed under the authority of the greek archbishop of ohrid , although the local parish clergy [stayed] slav .

Although later boundary changes occasioned by the fortunes of war effectively restricted its jurisdiction , the patriarchate remained until 1766 , when , together with the archbishopric of Ohrid , it was placed under the Greek Patriarch of Constantinople .
although later boundary changes occasioned by the fortunes of war effectively restricted its jurisdiction , the patriarchate [stayed] until 1766 , when , together with the archbishopric of ohrid , it was placed under the greek patriarch of constantinople .

Although Ferdinand 's domain was much reduced by the advance of the Turks into Hungary and Croatia , the association of the Hungarians and Croats with the Habsburgs remained until 1918 .
although ferdinand 's domain was much reduced by the advance of the turks into hungary and croatia , the association of the hungarians and croats with the habsburgs [stayed] until 1918 .

From the mid sixteenth century until the Treaty of Karlovci ( Carlowitz ) in 1699 , only a small portion of western Croatia , extending along the borders of Styria and Carniola from Zagreb to the Gulf of Kvarner ( Quarnero ) , remained effectively under Habsburg control .
from the mid sixteenth century until the treaty of karlovci ( carlowitz ) in 1699 , only a small portion of western croatia , extending along the borders of styria and carniola from zagreb to the gulf of kvarner ( quarnero ) , [stayed] effectively under habsburg control .

Its leader was Miloš Obrenović , a man who had played a part in the Karadjordje revolt , but who had remained in Serbia when many of the leaders of the first rising had fled across the river to Austrian territory .
its leader was miloš obrenović , a man who had played a part in the karadjordje revolt , but who had [stayed] in serbia when many of the leaders of the first rising had fled across the river to austrian territory .

The Turkish garrison in Belgrade remained , but the army of occupation was withdrawn by the end of 1813 .
the turkish garrison in belgrade [stayed] , but the army of occupation was withdrawn by the end of 1813 .

Several Serbian leaders who had remained loyal to their Turkish masters were savagely butchered , including Glavaš , whose head was on display in the Kalemegdan fortress when Miloš went to a conference of the knezovi called by Süleiman Pasha .
several serbian leaders who had [stayed] loyal to their turkish masters were savagely butchered , including glavaš , whose head was on display in the kalemegdan fortress when miloš went to a conference of the knezovi called by süleiman pasha .

She had n't thought about how much of her hour remained , until bells started ringing , and she realized that they must have gone for her .
she had n't thought about how much of her hour [stayed] , until bells started ringing , and she realized that they must have gone for her .

Those who advanced under the rifle fire of the Marines who had remained in position did not fall .
those who advanced under the rifle fire of the marines who had [stayed] in position did not fall .

Ace 's finger remained clamped down on the trigger even after all seven bullets had gone and the slide had locked back in the ‘ empty ’ position .
ace 's finger [stayed] clamped down on the trigger even after all seven bullets had gone and the slide had locked back in the ‘ empty ’ position .

Ace remained silent for a moment , unable to tear her eyes away from Richmann .
ace [stayed] silent for a moment , unable to tear her eyes away from richmann .

Rostov nodded acknowledgement , but when the barge settled he remained seated .
rostov nodded acknowledgement , but when the barge settled he [stayed] seated .

Survey ships were carried on the Navy List , but Navy personnel remained aboard on sufferance only .
survey ships were carried on the navy list , but navy personnel [stayed] aboard on sufferance only .

Even though the Simonova was now technically under Navy direction , Rostov 's administrative duties remained light and consisted principally of approving the expenditure of insignificant items of equipment during platform servicing .
even though the simonova was now technically under navy direction , rostov 's administrative duties [stayed] light and consisted principally of approving the expenditure of insignificant items of equipment during platform servicing .

It was an arguably effective method of achieving both killing and disposal of the body — probably ensuring that the perpetrator remained undetected — to load the victim into an escape pod which was destined to be destroyed as soon as it was tracked by any of the platforms in orbit .
it was an arguably effective method of achieving both killing and disposal of the body — probably ensuring that the perpetrator [stayed] undetected — to load the victim into an escape pod which was destined to be destroyed as soon as it was tracked by any of the platforms in orbit .

The instrument readings remained unchanged , and Rostov was reassured .
the instrument readings [stayed] unchanged , and rostov was reassured .

Alexei 's expression remained stubborn .
alexei 's expression [stayed] stubborn .

His report that she had left the island , and had not been seen or heard of since , went into the computer bank with hundreds of similar reports and remained on file .
his report that she had left the island , and had not been seen or heard of since , went into the computer bank with hundreds of similar reports and [stayed] on file .

X-rays showed there was no serious damage to the skull , but Dr Volkov had remained unconscious for some time after the door had been finally broken down .
x-rays showed there was no serious damage to the skull , but dr volkov had [stayed] unconscious for some time after the door had been finally broken down .

The pirates could not believe it , but Silver remained calm and changed his plan quickly .
the pirates could not believe it , but silver [stayed] calm and changed his plan quickly .

Madeleine had no intention of agreeing to this suggestion and , throughout the long journey back in the car , she remained as close to him as the gear lever allowed , and whenever an opportunity presented itself , leant over and kissed his cheek .
madeleine had no intention of agreeing to this suggestion and , throughout the long journey back in the car , she [stayed] as close to him as the gear lever allowed , and whenever an opportunity presented itself , leant over and kissed his cheek .

Aubrey remained seated in the armchair by the window , his eyes thoughtful .
aubrey [stayed] seated in the armchair by the window , his eyes thoughtful .

After he had bowed himself out of the room , Cynthia remained behind and , taking pen and paper , took down Dorothy 's letter to ha dictation .
after he had bowed himself out of the room , cynthia [stayed] behind and , taking pen and paper , took down dorothy 's letter to ha dictation .

After allowing for transactions costs , he concluded that very few arbitrage opportunities remained .
after allowing for transactions costs , he concluded that very few arbitrage opportunities [stayed] .

However , when So ( 1987 ) allowed for maturity in five currency futures , the return distributions remained non-normal .
however , when so ( 1987 ) allowed for maturity in five currency futures , the return distributions [stayed] non-normal .

Like the last editions we 'd had , it was censored , but enough remained to make it plain that all hell had been let loose over The Satanic Verses .
like the last editions we 'd had , it was censored , but enough [stayed] to make it plain that all hell had been let loose over the satanic verses .

The position had remained vacant since Charles Halpin left last autumn .
the position had [stayed] vacant since charles halpin left last autumn .

In neither form of action could the plaintiff be sure of recovering his goods in specie since the judgment in trespass was for damages and in detinue gave the defendant the option of giving up the goods or paying damages but it is unlikely that this was considered a defect and it should be noted that the remedy of specific restitution of chattels has remained unusual right up to modern times .
in neither form of action could the plaintiff be sure of recovering his goods in specie since the judgment in trespass was for damages and in detinue gave the defendant the option of giving up the goods or paying damages but it is unlikely that this was considered a defect and it should be noted that the remedy of specific restitution of chattels has [stayed] unusual right up to modern times .

The abolition of the wager of law in 1833 caused some revival in detinue but in view of the expansion of conversion , detinue only really remained necessary where the defendant was unable to redeliver the goods .
the abolition of the wager of law in 1833 caused some revival in detinue but in view of the expansion of conversion , detinue only really [stayed] necessary where the defendant was unable to redeliver the goods .

In various measures after 1911 governments extended benefits in ways that undermined the true insurance basis of the scheme ; but the contributory principle remained an important political symbol , and from time to time attempts were made to return the scheme closer to its roots .
in various measures after 1911 governments extended benefits in ways that undermined the true insurance basis of the scheme ; but the contributory principle [stayed] an important political symbol , and from time to time attempts were made to return the scheme closer to its roots .

It is also important to perceive the National Insurance Act as the sort of response to the problem of unemployment that has remained dominant in Britain .
it is also important to perceive the national insurance act as the sort of response to the problem of unemployment that has [stayed] dominant in britain .

It remained over a million throughout the period , falling back a bit in the middle twenties but then rising steeply in 1930 .
it [stayed] over a million throughout the period , falling back a bit in the middle twenties but then rising steeply in 1930 .

The scheme was funded out of general taxation , though an element of payment for the health service remained in the national insurance contribution , creating a confusing illusion that this was what paid for the service .
the scheme was funded out of general taxation , though an element of payment for the health service [stayed] in the national insurance contribution , creating a confusing illusion that this was what paid for the service .

In Scotland the Social Work ( Scotland ) Act of 1968 had already created integrated ‘ social work depart ments ’ , in that case including the probation officers , who remained in a separate service independent of local government in England and Wales .
in scotland the social work ( scotland ) act of 1968 had already created integrated ‘ social work depart ments ’ , in that case including the probation officers , who [stayed] in a separate service independent of local government in england and wales .

They have remained close to the latter level ever since .
they have [stayed] close to the latter level ever since .

Initially it had been felt that some families failed to take advantage of the services offered by the welfare state and , despite the basic social services , they fell into poverty and sickness , remained ignorant of the skills and attitudes needed to cope with life and failed to find accommodation for themselves .
initially it had been felt that some families failed to take advantage of the services offered by the welfare state and , despite the basic social services , they fell into poverty and sickness , [stayed] ignorant of the skills and attitudes needed to cope with life and failed to find accommodation for themselves .

Fuel costs increased dramatically during the mid-1970s and have remained high ever since , and this adversely affects many old people .
fuel costs increased dramatically during the mid-1970s and have [stayed] high ever since , and this adversely affects many old people .

Although they were envisaged as an alternative to full institutional care , they tended to be used by those within the community who had hitherto remained dependent on family or friends .
although they were envisaged as an alternative to full institutional care , they tended to be used by those within the community who had hitherto [stayed] dependent on family or friends .

David had obviously always known and Julia had learned that , whatever feelings were churning around inside his mother 's mind , it was vital for her that they remained private .
david had obviously always known and julia had learned that , whatever feelings were churning around inside his mother 's mind , it was vital for her that they [stayed] private .

Now , the fire had gone , only ash remained .
now , the fire had gone , only ash [stayed] .

The incidence of anal cancer remained fairly constant in the period 1943–57 and was similar for men and women , but it increased 1.5-fold among men and nearly tripled among women thereafter .
the incidence of anal cancer [stayed] fairly constant in the period 1943–57 and was similar for men and women , but it increased 1.5-fold among men and nearly tripled among women thereafter .

Among women the median age at diagnosis remained fairly constant ( 67 years in 1943–62 , 62 years in 1963–77 , and 66 years in 1978–87 ) .
among women the median age at diagnosis [stayed] fairly constant ( 67 years in 1943–62 , 62 years in 1963–77 , and 66 years in 1978–87 ) .

Among men in the capital the incidence of anal cancer remained stable around 0.20–0.25 per 100000 until the late 1960s and increased appreciably hereafter .
among men in the capital the incidence of anal cancer [stayed] stable around 0.20–0.25 per 100000 until the late 1960s and increased appreciably hereafter .

The external conjugate was not , however , related to cardiovascular mortality after adjusting for head circumference whereas the trend in cardiovascular mortality with head circumference remained significant after allowing for the external conjugate diameter .
the external conjugate was not , however , related to cardiovascular mortality after adjusting for head circumference whereas the trend in cardiovascular mortality with head circumference [stayed] significant after allowing for the external conjugate diameter .

The Dunedin study ( quoted by De Melker as confirming that children with persistent effusions at a young age have problems with learning , language , and development until at least the age of 7–9 years has now produced follow up data ( reported at the international symposium on otitis media with effusion , Fort Lauderdale , 1991 ) to age 16 which shows that these educational and developmental problems continued , and that reading age in untreated patients remained two years behind their treated controls .
the dunedin study ( quoted by de melker as confirming that children with persistent effusions at a young age have problems with learning , language , and development until at least the age of 7–9 years has now produced follow up data ( reported at the international symposium on otitis media with effusion , fort lauderdale , 1991 ) to age 16 which shows that these educational and developmental problems continued , and that reading age in untreated patients [stayed] two years behind their treated controls .

None of their jobs lasted long enough for them to be eligible for redundancy pay and they remained unprotected by employment protection legislation .
none of their jobs lasted long enough for them to be eligible for redundancy pay and they [stayed] unprotected by employment protection legislation .

The women in this study may not have identified with the ‘ unemployed ’ status , but employment remained a central organising principle of their lives .
the women in this study may not have identified with the ‘ unemployed ’ status , but employment [stayed] a central organising principle of their lives .

It is important to bear in mind that these financial consequences have , until very recently , remained largely hidden .
it is important to bear in mind that these financial consequences have , until very recently , [stayed] largely hidden .

The process of retirement too has a differential impact on men and women , but the experience of women has remained obscured because old age has been regarded , in Simone de Beauvoir 's ( 1977 , p. 101 ) terms , as ‘ a man 's problem ’ .
the process of retirement too has a differential impact on men and women , but the experience of women has [stayed] obscured because old age has been regarded , in simone de beauvoir 's ( 1977 , p. 101 ) terms , as ‘ a man 's problem ’ .

Partly because of the reliance of many older married women on their husband 's state pension contributions , the proportion staying in the labour market beyond the age of 60 has remained fairly high ( between a quarter and a fifth , compared with 8 per cent of men working beyond the age of 65 ) .
partly because of the reliance of many older married women on their husband 's state pension contributions , the proportion staying in the labour market beyond the age of 60 has [stayed] fairly high ( between a quarter and a fifth , compared with 8 per cent of men working beyond the age of 65 ) .

The civil service ‘ efficiency experts ’ of the mid-1870s quickly worked out that the retention of married women would be ‘ inefficient ’ in managerial terms , since the longer that female employees remained in government service , the more they would cost because of the modest incremental salary progression within their low-paid ‘ women 's grades ’ .
the civil service ‘ efficiency experts ’ of the mid-1870s quickly worked out that the retention of married women would be ‘ inefficient ’ in managerial terms , since the longer that female employees [stayed] in government service , the more they would cost because of the modest incremental salary progression within their low-paid ‘ women 's grades ’ .

There has remained for several seasons now an imbalance in the bowling resources at Edgbaston .
there has [stayed] for several seasons now an imbalance in the bowling resources at edgbaston .

Throughout the period 1956 to 1968 the equivalent figure in 4 year old children in the control town of Ayr remained between 6.9 and 7.2 .
throughout the period 1956 to 1968 the equivalent figure in 4 year old children in the control town of ayr [stayed] between 6.9 and 7.2 .

These figures suggest that about 20 Alzheimer patients remained solely as neurology outpatients throughout Scotland during 1974–88 .
these figures suggest that about 20 alzheimer patients [stayed] solely as neurology outpatients throughout scotland during 1974–88 .

The difference remained insignificant when the remaining 33 studies that used the 17 item and 21 item Hamilton score were included by ascribing weighted standard deviations .
the difference [stayed] insignificant when the remaining 33 studies that used the 17 item and 21 item hamilton score were included by ascribing weighted standard deviations .

Patients living within the defined geographical area were considered to have severe acute renal failure if the serum creatinine concentration rose above 500 µmol/l for the first time and then returned to below that level and remained there or if the patient died during the acute illness and the history or necropsy confirmed acute renal failure .
patients living within the defined geographical area were considered to have severe acute renal failure if the serum creatinine concentration rose above 500 µmol/l for the first time and then returned to below that level and [stayed] there or if the patient died during the acute illness and the history or necropsy confirmed acute renal failure .

The difference remained significant ( 59 men , 35 women ; χ 2 =8.39 , df=1 , p < 0.01 ) when cases of prostatic disease were excluded .
the difference [stayed] significant ( 59 men , 35 women ; χ 2 =8.39 , df=1 , p < 0.01 ) when cases of prostatic disease were excluded .

Nevertheless , the differences between areas remained significant when these variables were controlled for .
nevertheless , the differences between areas [stayed] significant when these variables were controlled for .

In a Swedish study 51.8 % of patients who had undergone cardiac rehabilitation remained in active employment five years after myocardial infarction compared with 27.4 % of a control group .
in a swedish study 51.8 % of patients who had undergone cardiac rehabilitation [stayed] in active employment five years after myocardial infarction compared with 27.4 % of a control group .

This relation remained after adjustment for age at first intercourse and lifetime number of sexual partners .
this relation [stayed] after adjustment for age at first intercourse and lifetime number of sexual partners .

The relation remained after adjustment for sexual risk factors , indicating a significant independent effect of smoking .
the relation [stayed] after adjustment for sexual risk factors , indicating a significant independent effect of smoking .

Subjects who remained healthy ( controls ) were retested two and three months after recruitment .
subjects who [stayed] healthy ( controls ) were retested two and three months after recruitment .

In hospitals the system has broken down under the pressure of numbers and new teaching methods are only slowly being found , but teaching in general practice has remained close to the tradition in which older generations of doctors learnt their skills .
in hospitals the system has broken down under the pressure of numbers and new teaching methods are only slowly being found , but teaching in general practice has [stayed] close to the tradition in which older generations of doctors learnt their skills .

In 1805 it was ceded to Baden in Germany under the Treaty of Pressburg ( now Bratislava ) and German it has remained .
in 1805 it was ceded to baden in germany under the treaty of pressburg ( now bratislava ) and german it has [stayed] .

America has ever since remained a staunch bastion of manualism .
america has ever since [stayed] a staunch bastion of manualism .

The income of the Association remained inadequate for the needs and the fulfilment of its objects , and support remained poor .
the income of the association [stayed] inadequate for the needs and the fulfilment of its objects , and support [stayed] poor .

They remained there for thirteen years before taking up a similar position in Liverpool .
they [stayed] there for thirteen years before taking up a similar position in liverpool .

The name of the Association remained a divisive issue within the deaf community and its hearing supporters , but the issue was allowed to smoulder for eighty years until the Delegates Conference in 1960 put the matter back on the agenda with a suggestion that the words `` and dumb `` should be omitted from the title of the Association .
the name of the association [stayed] a divisive issue within the deaf community and its hearing supporters , but the issue was allowed to smoulder for eighty years until the delegates conference in 1960 put the matter back on the agenda with a suggestion that the words `` and dumb `` should be omitted from the title of the association .

Throughout his life he remained an enigmatic figure .
throughout his life he [stayed] an enigmatic figure .

Clementine Metour/Nizan , dominated initially by the overpowering personality of her husband , remained throughout her life a retiring , acquiescent woman both submissive and dutiful .
clementine metour/nizan , dominated initially by the overpowering personality of her husband , [stayed] throughout her life a retiring , acquiescent woman both submissive and dutiful .

Despite Nizan 's unswerving commitment to the communist orthodoxy of the period , the image of the petty bourgeois intellectual remained .
despite nizan 's unswerving commitment to the communist orthodoxy of the period , the image of the petty bourgeois intellectual [stayed] .

The Soviet Union remained in Nizan 's eyes the practical expression of a moral crusade against class oppression , a revolutionary inspiration to the millions of oppressed people throughout the world .
the soviet union [stayed] in nizan 's eyes the practical expression of a moral crusade against class oppression , a revolutionary inspiration to the millions of oppressed people throughout the world .

Yet whatever his inner revulsion may have been , Nizan remained silent for the cause of a greater Good , a greater ethic : the struggle against fascism .
yet whatever his inner revulsion may have been , nizan [stayed] silent for the cause of a greater good , a greater ethic : the struggle against fascism .

Despite the storm clouds gathering over Europe in Nazi Germany and fascist Italy , Nizan remained confident that the international political situation could be regulated on a peaceful basis by marshalling Republican , democratic forces in a united front determined to halt the fascist advance .
despite the storm clouds gathering over europe in nazi germany and fascist italy , nizan [stayed] confident that the international political situation could be regulated on a peaceful basis by marshalling republican , democratic forces in a united front determined to halt the fascist advance .

Although under no illusions , therefore , that reactionary French and British governments would act resolutely to counter the imminent fascist threat , Nizan remained confident at this stage that international security could be maintained .
although under no illusions , therefore , that reactionary french and british governments would act resolutely to counter the imminent fascist threat , nizan [stayed] confident at this stage that international security could be maintained .

Initially elated by the electoral successes of the Popular Front in France and Spain , subsequently encouraged by the spirited defence of Republican Spain , and convinced at all times that the ultimate safeguard for international security was the presence of a strong revolutionary Soviet state , Nizan remained confident .
initially elated by the electoral successes of the popular front in france and spain , subsequently encouraged by the spirited defence of republican spain , and convinced at all times that the ultimate safeguard for international security was the presence of a strong revolutionary soviet state , nizan [stayed] confident .

Beneath this apparent recognition of the necessity for an `` imaginative `` politics of expediency , however , there remained a firm moral imperative .
beneath this apparent recognition of the necessity for an `` imaginative `` politics of expediency , however , there [stayed] a firm moral imperative .

He had neither remained discreetly silent , nor had he made any attempt to explain in public the reasons for his resignation .
he had neither [stayed] discreetly silent , nor had he made any attempt to explain in public the reasons for his resignation .

Although it is undoubtedly true that Sartre et alia achieved a moral victory in 1947 by highlighting the purely imaginary and hence illusory nature of the accusations made against Nizan , and although Sartre 's own final fictional account of Nizan , narrated emotionally in `` Drole d'amitie `` , is a powerful antidote to the negative and hostile account in Aragon 's Les Communistes , nonetheless , from the moment of his death in 1940 until the moment of republication of Aden Arabic `` in 1960 , Nizan remained an unwanted communist renegade .
although it is undoubtedly true that sartre et alia achieved a moral victory in 1947 by highlighting the purely imaginary and hence illusory nature of the accusations made against nizan , and although sartre 's own final fictional account of nizan , narrated emotionally in `` drole d'amitie `` , is a powerful antidote to the negative and hostile account in aragon 's les communistes , nonetheless , from the moment of his death in 1940 until the moment of republication of aden arabic `` in 1960 , nizan [stayed] an unwanted communist renegade .

The conformists , on the other hand , remained .
the conformists , on the other hand , [stayed] .

Until September 1939 Nizan remained convinced that alone , the communist party and the Soviet Union coincided with the forces of Good .
until september 1939 nizan [stayed] convinced that alone , the communist party and the soviet union coincided with the forces of good .

But since the principle of indiscernibles remained in force in his theory , there was no means of telling two identical complexes apart in any case , and the whole idea of particularity remained as obscure as it had ever been .
but since the principle of indiscernibles [stayed] in force in his theory , there was no means of telling two identical complexes apart in any case , and the whole idea of particularity [stayed] as obscure as it had ever been .

As a result of these pressures we are forced to modify somewhat our style of approach in order to shed light upon certain aspects of our main topic which have remained unexplored hitherto , but this modification of style , as will become clearer in the sequel , does not invalidate our earlier approach , but rather structurally complements it .
as a result of these pressures we are forced to modify somewhat our style of approach in order to shed light upon certain aspects of our main topic which have [stayed] unexplored hitherto , but this modification of style , as will become clearer in the sequel , does not invalidate our earlier approach , but rather structurally complements it .

On the third day his urine was clear and his renal function remained normal .
on the third day his urine was clear and his renal function [stayed] normal .

Delays before the first appointment have largely remained stable in four of the five pain clinics based in teaching hospitals ( albeit at a high level ) ; in the fifth clinic the median delay increased from 13 to 19 weeks between 1990 and 1992 .
delays before the first appointment have largely [stayed] stable in four of the five pain clinics based in teaching hospitals ( albeit at a high level ) ; in the fifth clinic the median delay increased from 13 to 19 weeks between 1990 and 1992 .

In May the Communists were expelled from the French and Italian governments , but they remained a potential menace .
in may the communists were expelled from the french and italian governments , but they [stayed] a potential menace .

In Europe the deepest Cold War problem remained Germany .
in europe the deepest cold war problem [stayed] germany .

Europe , and Germany , remained divided down the middle .
europe , and germany , [stayed] divided down the middle .

Foreign policy remained throughout in the hands of the veteran foreign minister Andrei Gromyko , in office since 1957 , who favoured a tough line with Washington .
foreign policy [stayed] throughout in the hands of the veteran foreign minister andrei gromyko , in office since 1957 , who favoured a tough line with washington .

By then it was clear that the relaxation of tensions between East and West had gone far beyond the détente of the 1970s , when the Atlantic alliance and Warsaw Pact had remained strong and tensions had been eased only against a background of continuing ideological competition between the two sides .
by then it was clear that the relaxation of tensions between east and west had gone far beyond the détente of the 1970s , when the atlantic alliance and warsaw pact had [stayed] strong and tensions had been eased only against a background of continuing ideological competition between the two sides .

In Spring 1950 Britain remained the most powerful European state .
in spring 1950 britain [stayed] the most powerful european state .

Many tried simply to deny all memories of the Third Reich or else to question the notion of collective guilt ; others were concerned that the old authoritarian values did survive beneath the surface , that civil servants remained in office despite serving the Nazis and that the basis for a genuine new democracy was not therefore laid after the war .
many tried simply to deny all memories of the third reich or else to question the notion of collective guilt ; others were concerned that the old authoritarian values did survive beneath the surface , that civil servants [stayed] in office despite serving the nazis and that the basis for a genuine new democracy was not therefore laid after the war .

The government 's moves to widen abortion and to extend the principle of co-determination in industry both caused controversy , yet Schmidt 's personal popularity remained high and he survived the test of the October 1976 election .
the government 's moves to widen abortion and to extend the principle of co-determination in industry both caused controversy , yet schmidt 's personal popularity [stayed] high and he survived the test of the october 1976 election .

If they were not retrieved , such hoards remained hidden until accidentally found , often hundreds or even thousands of years later .
if they were not retrieved , such hoards [stayed] hidden until accidentally found , often hundreds or even thousands of years later .

Initially assumed that the level of carbon 14 in the environment that was available to be absorbed by living things remained at a constant level , subsequent research has shown that the amount of carbon 14 varies , possibly as a result of sunspot activity .
initially assumed that the level of carbon 14 in the environment that was available to be absorbed by living things [stayed] at a constant level , subsequent research has shown that the amount of carbon 14 varies , possibly as a result of sunspot activity .

Hunt remained at Camberwell until July 1947 and in his last year did an illustration course under Minton , developing a Mintonesque style .
hunt [stayed] at camberwell until july 1947 and in his last year did an illustration course under minton , developing a mintonesque style .

He , too , had lost a younger brother during the war and remained bitter in his attitude towards Establishment politics .
he , too , had lost a younger brother during the war and [stayed] bitter in his attitude towards establishment politics .

Woodcock remained a fairly frequent visitor to Hamilton Terrace .
woodcock [stayed] a fairly frequent visitor to hamilton terrace .

He remained a close friend of Vaughan up until his death , but after 1950 he saw little of Minton , finding him a social hazard .
he [stayed] a close friend of vaughan up until his death , but after 1950 he saw little of minton , finding him a social hazard .

They were shown round by a Père Obein whose calm wisdom and urbanity so impressed them that he remained for them a touchstone of good sense .
they were shown round by a père obein whose calm wisdom and urbanity so impressed them that he [stayed] for them a touchstone of good sense .

Though his small decorative motifs can sometimes be compared with those by Keith Vaughan , the breadth and vigour of his illustrative work remained unsurpassed .
though his small decorative motifs can sometimes be compared with those by keith vaughan , the breadth and vigour of his illustrative work [stayed] unsurpassed .

In this Minton admitted that lithography for him remained ‘ a business of surprises , hazards and disasters ’ .
in this minton admitted that lithography for him [stayed] ‘ a business of surprises , hazards and disasters ’ .

Nevertheless for Minton , as for others , it remained a meeting place where friends could always be found and its usefulness had not been superseded .
nevertheless for minton , as for others , it [stayed] a meeting place where friends could always be found and its usefulness had not been superseded .

Minton 's ebullient energy remained unimpaired .
minton 's ebullient energy [stayed] unimpaired .

He remained keen on jiving and would throw himself all over the place , hair wild and eyes sparkling .
he [stayed] keen on jiving and would throw himself all over the place , hair wild and eyes sparkling .

Black holes of discontent , which suddenly and horribly punctured his frenzied sociability , suggested that his ulterior motives remained unfulfilled .
black holes of discontent , which suddenly and horribly punctured his frenzied sociability , suggested that his ulterior motives [stayed] unfulfilled .

At Hamilton Terrace Minton 's relationship with Vaughan remained frosty .
at hamilton terrace minton 's relationship with vaughan [stayed] frosty .

Whilst he remained at Allen Street he had a bedroom in the basement , Minton occupying the middle floors and the flat at the top of the house being let to Paul Danquah , the son of a Gold Coast politician who had come to England from Ghana to study law and had had an affair with a Lyons Corner House waitress , Paul 's mother .
whilst he [stayed] at allen street he had a bedroom in the basement , minton occupying the middle floors and the flat at the top of the house being let to paul danquah , the son of a gold coast politician who had come to england from ghana to study law and had had an affair with a lyons corner house waitress , paul 's mother .

Highly paid male employment re-emerged during the war and remained in the post-war boom , but women never retreated to the domestic sphere after 1945 .
highly paid male employment re-emerged during the war and [stayed] in the post-war boom , but women never retreated to the domestic sphere after 1945 .

Critical Theorists have remained blind to the ability of working class struggles to transform and threaten the very existence of capital .
critical theorists have [stayed] blind to the ability of working class struggles to transform and threaten the very existence of capital .

Even after 1974 with the establishment of the Metropolitan County of Tyne and Wear , not only was the separate Wear side area incorporated into the County , but significant over spill locales ( notably Ponteland , which is a very affluent Newcastle suburb , and Cramlington ) remained in Northumberland .
even after 1974 with the establishment of the metropolitan county of tyne and wear , not only was the separate wear side area incorporated into the county , but significant over spill locales ( notably ponteland , which is a very affluent newcastle suburb , and cramlington ) [stayed] in northumberland .

As it happens in North Shields , it remained suburbanization .
as it happens in north shields , it [stayed] suburbanization .

The significant issue remained housing .
the significant issue [stayed] housing .

She had n't touched Jake 's cup again ; it remained on the kitchen windowsill , a potent reminder of everything that was wrong .
she had n't touched jake 's cup again ; it [stayed] on the kitchen windowsill , a potent reminder of everything that was wrong .

This proportion has remained around this figure since 1975 , with only minor fluctuations .
this proportion has [stayed] around this figure since 1975 , with only minor fluctuations .

In this period , while suburbs grew greatly , most work remained concentrated in city centres .
in this period , while suburbs grew greatly , most work [stayed] concentrated in city centres .

The overall success rate has remained fairly constant over the years at about one in five cases .
the overall success rate has [stayed] fairly constant over the years at about one in five cases .

The tribunal members would read the dossier in preparation for the hearing and would take the initiative at the hearing by indicating the issues of fact and law on which evidence and submission remained necessary .
the tribunal members would read the dossier in preparation for the hearing and would take the initiative at the hearing by indicating the issues of fact and law on which evidence and submission [stayed] necessary .

Anna remained frozen .
anna [stayed] frozen .

Rome , of course , remained forbidden ground .
rome , of course , [stayed] forbidden ground .

That over , the vitality seemed to go flat ; he remained a centre , yet had little else to say .
that over , the vitality seemed to go flat ; he [stayed] a centre , yet had little else to say .

Flavia remained silent .
flavia [stayed] silent .

The pomegranate mouth still glowed impeccably , the sculptured curls lay smooth ; people were beginning to look flushed , she remained a fount of coolness .
the pomegranate mouth still glowed impeccably , the sculptured curls lay smooth ; people were beginning to look flushed , she [stayed] a fount of coolness .

The sense of happiness had remained .
the sense of happiness had [stayed] .

Yet there remained room for further definition of boundaries in matrimonial , moral and testamentary suits , and the very specific terms of the writ left , by implication , other areas open to royal poaching later .
yet there [stayed] room for further definition of boundaries in matrimonial , moral and testamentary suits , and the very specific terms of the writ left , by implication , other areas open to royal poaching later .

In a sense the development of such petitions is of far greater interest to the ecclesiastical historian in respect of its consequences rather than its origins ; for what this system entailed was public cognizance , and a public memory , of grievances ; when these complaints were directed at the church , parliament inevitably served to institutionalize and to unify countless discontents , and thus to provide kings and others with ideas , excuses and encouragement for actions against the church which might otherwise have remained unrealized .
in a sense the development of such petitions is of far greater interest to the ecclesiastical historian in respect of its consequences rather than its origins ; for what this system entailed was public cognizance , and a public memory , of grievances ; when these complaints were directed at the church , parliament inevitably served to institutionalize and to unify countless discontents , and thus to provide kings and others with ideas , excuses and encouragement for actions against the church which might otherwise have [stayed] unrealized .

But still the habit of flying north for the summer persisted among the birds and it has remained to this day , even though the journey is no longer a few miles , but several hundred .
but still the habit of flying north for the summer persisted among the birds and it has [stayed] to this day , even though the journey is no longer a few miles , but several hundred .

She only escaped because she was ill at the time and had remained behind .
she only escaped because she was ill at the time and had [stayed] behind .

Cusick himself remained the unsung creator of the Daleks for many years , picking up little recognition for his work . But one possession did come his way in 1965 of which he is very proud :
cusick himself [stayed] the unsung creator of the daleks for many years , picking up little recognition for his work . but one possession did come his way in 1965 of which he is very proud :

But the double-domed head remained craning towards the screens .
but the double-domed head [stayed] craning towards the screens .

The shuttle was inside the monster 's mouth now , but remained undamaged .
the shuttle was inside the monster 's mouth now , but [stayed] undamaged .

There were cargo bays and airlocks situated at random among the folds and spirals , but all of them remained closed .
there were cargo bays and airlocks situated at random among the folds and spirals , but all of them [stayed] closed .

She located the interior control panel , and as it was inside the doorway she remained next to it , hidden behind the protruding lip of one of the doors .
she located the interior control panel , and as it was inside the doorway she [stayed] next to it , hidden behind the protruding lip of one of the doors .

And yet the wall extended further , even though it remained within the chamber .
and yet the wall extended further , even though it [stayed] within the chamber .

The lumps of stonework that had remained standing now crumbled .
the lumps of stonework that had [stayed] standing now crumbled .

Large roosts were reported elsewhere in the county , but Abbey Park remained a pleasant place .
large roosts were reported elsewhere in the county , but abbey park [stayed] a pleasant place .

It would have remained so to this day — but for the unforseen results of subsidence .
it would have [stayed] so to this day — but for the unforseen results of subsidence .

By 1840 not a single individual remained .
by 1840 not a single individual [stayed] .

Sad though his life was from then on until his death in 1864 , his poems — many of them — remained joyful .
sad though his life was from then on until his death in 1864 , his poems — many of them — [stayed] joyful .

For fifty days ( an exceptionally long incubation period ) it remained in the egg .
for fifty days ( an exceptionally long incubation period ) it [stayed] in the egg .

Only the embankment remained , and the tunnel they used to run through when they were kids , shouting to make the killer bats and the rats think they were bigger than they really were .
only the embankment [stayed] , and the tunnel they used to run through when they were kids , shouting to make the killer bats and the rats think they were bigger than they really were .

For all these efforts , a resolution of the Rushdie ‘ affair ’ has remained obstinately elusive .
for all these efforts , a resolution of the rushdie ‘ affair ’ has [stayed] obstinately elusive .

This has remained true of the period under review .
this has [stayed] true of the period under review .

She had remained a stranger and her bouts of listless depression had grown along with her drinking .
she had [stayed] a stranger and her bouts of listless depression had grown along with her drinking .

Only the details remained to be arranged .
only the details [stayed] to be arranged .

Only a small cluster remained .
only a small cluster [stayed] .

What remained of his family .
what [stayed] of his family .

Someone called Prue , who until today had remained hidden in the wardrobe-room on the first floor pedalling her sewing machine , had a chair allocated for her use in the prompt corner and a space reserved for cotton reels and safety pins on the props table in the wings .
someone called prue , who until today had [stayed] hidden in the wardrobe-room on the first floor pedalling her sewing machine , had a chair allocated for her use in the prompt corner and a space reserved for cotton reels and safety pins on the props table in the wings .

Vernon remained silent for perhaps half a minute .
vernon [stayed] silent for perhaps half a minute .

She opened her lips obediently and remained perfectly still .
she opened her lips obediently and [stayed] perfectly still .

Meredith had remained silent throughout .
meredith had [stayed] silent throughout .

O'Hara remained silent .
o'hara [stayed] silent .

To the record industry at large , Virgin 's image remained firmly wedded to an era already passed .
to the record industry at large , virgin 's image [stayed] firmly wedded to an era already passed .

The principal source of finance for all of this remained the record company .
the principal source of finance for all of this [stayed] the record company .

But the fact remained that there were more women in positions of authority in Virgin than anywhere else in the record industry .
but the fact [stayed] that there were more women in positions of authority in virgin than anywhere else in the record industry .

The fact also remained that almost everybody in Virgin worked twice as hard for half the price .
the fact also [stayed] that almost everybody in virgin worked twice as hard for half the price .

Branson 's relationship with his former wife remained highly civilised .
branson 's relationship with his former wife [stayed] highly civilised .

He remained convinced that if he could have spent ten hours a day working on Event , ‘ wining and dining advertisers and so on ’ , the magazine could have been saved .
he [stayed] convinced that if he could have spent ten hours a day working on event , ‘ wining and dining advertisers and so on ’ , the magazine could have been saved .

Sting and Carol Wilson had remained friends throughout the negotiations .
sting and carol wilson had [stayed] friends throughout the negotiations .

Oldfield 's friendship with Richard Branson remained one of the few absolutes of his life .
oldfield 's friendship with richard branson [stayed] one of the few absolutes of his life .

And yet they remained close friends .
and yet they [stayed] close friends .

And yet , for all its size , this remained an unusual sort of an empire , not consolidated , in the customary imperial manner , in some glossy West End towerblock but scattered around Notting Hill in a random assortment of properties , in varying states of ramshackle informality .
and yet , for all its size , this [stayed] an unusual sort of an empire , not consolidated , in the customary imperial manner , in some glossy west end towerblock but scattered around notting hill in a random assortment of properties , in varying states of ramshackle informality .

The memories of public humiliation , all those years ago , on the steps of University College , London , with Tariq Ali and Daniel Cohn-Bendit remained fresh in the mind .
the memories of public humiliation , all those years ago , on the steps of university college , london , with tariq ali and daniel cohn-bendit [stayed] fresh in the mind .

The currency deal expired in July ; if the exchange rate remained the same , Virgin would be obliged to pay £6m , to make up the difference .
the currency deal expired in july ; if the exchange rate [stayed] the same , virgin would be obliged to pay £6m , to make up the difference .

There he remained until 18 March 1986 when , no doubt because his condition had deteriorated , he was transferred back to hospital .
there he [stayed] until 18 march 1986 when , no doubt because his condition had deteriorated , he was transferred back to hospital .

This procedure remained in force for 10 years , until on 30 November 1983 the then Secretary of State , the Rt .
this procedure [stayed] in force for 10 years , until on 30 november 1983 the then secretary of state , the rt .

Those in the 20 years or more category remained unaware of their tariff or of any possible release date .
those in the 20 years or more category [stayed] unaware of their tariff or of any possible release date .

She remained in England from August 1990 until November 1990 .
she [stayed] in england from august 1990 until november 1990 .

She took the child to live in Birkenhead with her parents and she has remained there ever since .
she took the child to live in birkenhead with her parents and she has [stayed] there ever since .

As a result of this acceptance that some of the facts were incorrect , the board of Lautro , on 26 March 1991 , reconsidered the question whether intervention remained justified , but decided that it remained necessary and desirable in the interests of investors .
as a result of this acceptance that some of the facts were incorrect , the board of lautro , on 26 march 1991 , reconsidered the question whether intervention [stayed] justified , but decided that it [stayed] necessary and desirable in the interests of investors .

When the tenancy ended by effluxion of time the defendant remained in occupation as a statutory tenant pursuant to section 2 ( 1 ) ( a ) of the Rent Act 1977 .
when the tenancy ended by effluxion of time the defendant [stayed] in occupation as a statutory tenant pursuant to section 2 ( 1 ) ( a ) of the rent act 1977 .

That was and remained an investigation into the appellant 's complaint of misconduct by the individual officers involved in his prosecution , there being no other ‘ dominant ’ purpose for it .
that was and [stayed] an investigation into the appellant 's complaint of misconduct by the individual officers involved in his prosecution , there being no other ‘ dominant ’ purpose for it .

In the view of the Spanish Government , whatever the objective of the words of the national court set out in question ( 4 ) , the fact remained that the Act of 1988 was incompatible with the basic principles of the Community .
in the view of the spanish government , whatever the objective of the words of the national court set out in question ( 4 ) , the fact [stayed] that the act of 1988 was incompatible with the basic principles of the community .

Mr. Tully remained a director of Abbey and continued to play a prominent part in its management .
mr. tully [stayed] a director of abbey and continued to play a prominent part in its management .

On the foster mother 's application under section 10 ( 9 ) of the Children Act 1989 for leave to apply for residence orders under section 8 of the Act in respect of the children , no direction was made that the children 's natural mother be notified , and she remained unaware of the application until it had been determined .
on the foster mother 's application under section 10 ( 9 ) of the children act 1989 for leave to apply for residence orders under section 8 of the act in respect of the children , no direction was made that the children 's natural mother be notified , and she [stayed] unaware of the application until it had been determined .

They went to Italy to take up their work and they have remained there ever since .
they went to italy to take up their work and they have [stayed] there ever since .

No debts remained outstanding , apart from a tax liability in excess of £500,000 .
no debts [stayed] outstanding , apart from a tax liability in excess of £500,000 .

There is no evidence that any debts , apart from her tax liability , remained outstanding .
there is no evidence that any debts , apart from her tax liability , [stayed] outstanding .

On all points we found that she tracked accurately and remained beautifully balanced .
on all points we found that she tracked accurately and [stayed] beautifully balanced .

She remained entirely controllable on the helm and felt rock steady even in the gusts on a reach .
she [stayed] entirely controllable on the helm and felt rock steady even in the gusts on a reach .

The menu that night was cottage pie and chips , a combination which has remained engraved on my memory .
the menu that night was cottage pie and chips , a combination which has [stayed] engraved on my memory .

The Shah , who had always loved flying , remained in the cockpit until his 707 was out or Iranian airspace .
the shah , who had always loved flying , [stayed] in the cockpit until his 707 was out or iranian airspace .

From among this small group of people were to be founded the only Iranians who remained with the Shah and Queen in the months to come .
from among this small group of people were to be founded the only iranians who [stayed] with the shah and queen in the months to come .

They did not even create a national arm , and such institutions as schools and the courts remained , as in most Islamic states , in the hands of religious leaders .
they did not even create a national arm , and such institutions as schools and the courts [stayed] , as in most islamic states , in the hands of religious leaders .

As a result , agricultural productivity and peasant living standards remained stagnant .
as a result , agricultural productivity and peasant living standards [stayed] stagnant .

It was not hard for the British , whose influence remained powerful in Teheran , and who had a spy in Mossadeq 's own Council of Ministers , to portray him as a madman to lead Iran into the Soviet camp .
it was not hard for the british , whose influence [stayed] powerful in teheran , and who had a spy in mossadeq 's own council of ministers , to portray him as a madman to lead iran into the soviet camp .

By mid-1952 the middle class began to drift away form him , but his fierce nationalism remained popular with poorer people and the clergy .
by mid-1952 the middle class began to drift away form him , but his fierce nationalism [stayed] popular with poorer people and the clergy .

Queen Soraya later recalled that sometime he would try to amuse everyone by barking like a dog during the screening of a film ( film shows remained a favourite form of palace relaxation till the end . )
queen soraya later recalled that sometime he would try to amuse everyone by barking like a dog during the screening of a film ( film shows [stayed] a favourite form of palace relaxation till the end . )

After diplomatic relations with Britain were broken , he remained in touch with london through the offices of the American ambassador , Loy Henderson .
after diplomatic relations with britain were broken , he [stayed] in touch with london through the offices of the american ambassador , loy henderson .

First , that while British influence in Iran remained enormous , the Americans were becoming ever more influential in the world .
first , that while british influence in iran [stayed] enormous , the americans were becoming ever more influential in the world .

Quite apart form the new radical Arab regimes , the Soviet Union remained a bellicoes , threatening neighbour — as Russia almost always had been to Persia .
quite apart form the new radical arab regimes , the soviet union [stayed] a bellicoes , threatening neighbour — as russia almost always had been to persia .

The Shah was said to have remained very fond of her .
the shah was said to have [stayed] very fond of her .

They allied themselves with Western influenced opponents of the Qajar and were influential in the revolution of 1906 which further weaken the authority of the Shah by creating a constitutional monarchs , similar to that of Belgium-and which remained nominally in force until 1979 .
they allied themselves with western influenced opponents of the qajar and were influential in the revolution of 1906 which further weaken the authority of the shah by creating a constitutional monarchs , similar to that of belgium-and which [stayed] nominally in force until 1979 .

Land reform was popular and the National Front politicians , what remained of them , could hardly impose it .
land reform was popular and the national front politicians , what [stayed] of them , could hardly impose it .

He remained by the Shahs side first as prime minster and them as minister of court until his death from cancer in 1977 .
he [stayed] by the shahs side first as prime minster and them as minister of court until his death from cancer in 1977 .

Within a few weeks after his arrival in Morocco , only a handful of servants , bodyguards and Dr Prima , the paediatrician , remained with the Shah and the Queen .
within a few weeks after his arrival in morocco , only a handful of servants , bodyguards and dr prima , the paediatrician , [stayed] with the shah and the queen .

On 23 February a committee of the National Security Council , chaired by Zbigniew Brzezinski , met at the White House and decided that the Shah should be told that while the invitation remained open , the delicate situation in Iran meant that it would be very awkward for the United States if he arrived right now .
on 23 february a committee of the national security council , chaired by zbigniew brzezinski , met at the white house and decided that the shah should be told that while the invitation [stayed] open , the delicate situation in iran meant that it would be very awkward for the united states if he arrived right now .

Brzezinski said the invitation remained open but it was difficult at the moment ; someone would go and explain things to the Shah very soon .
brzezinski said the invitation [stayed] open but it was difficult at the moment ; someone would go and explain things to the shah very soon .

The Shah remained stiffly seated .
the shah [stayed] stiffly seated .

Throughout his life Charles Garrett has remained a God- fearing man with a strongly held yet straightforward attitude to life .
throughout his life charles garrett has [stayed] a god- fearing man with a strongly held yet straightforward attitude to life .

It has remained a type of upland grass area since the recovery of vegetation after the last ice age , ten or eleven thousand years ago .
it has [stayed] a type of upland grass area since the recovery of vegetation after the last ice age , ten or eleven thousand years ago .

Highly-educated women were able to find a place within society : the silent majority remained silent .
highly-educated women were able to find a place within society : the silent majority [stayed] silent .

Artists were thus spared from the official ‘ aesthetic ’ interference but they remained financially dependent .
artists were thus spared from the official ‘ aesthetic ’ interference but they [stayed] financially dependent .

The organisers used studio spaces that would otherwise have remained empty throughout the summer holidays .
the organisers used studio spaces that would otherwise have [stayed] empty throughout the summer holidays .

Being late-August , most of the birds had already flown south , though some pairs of kittiwakes remained , crammed together high up on tiny ledges .
being late-august , most of the birds had already flown south , though some pairs of kittiwakes [stayed] , crammed together high up on tiny ledges .

There has been a great deal of literature on the subject in the past ten years , and the situation has not remained static during that time .
there has been a great deal of literature on the subject in the past ten years , and the situation has not [stayed] static during that time .

But this one who could not be named with impunity , who could not be copied without distortion , still remained very much beyond our ken .
but this one who could not be named with impunity , who could not be copied without distortion , still [stayed] very much beyond our ken .

And though God remained faithful to his side of the agreement , and looked after his people wonderfully down the centuries , it was not very satisfactory as a covenant .
and though god [stayed] faithful to his side of the agreement , and looked after his people wonderfully down the centuries , it was not very satisfactory as a covenant .

It is exactly the same point as John makes by his assertion that ‘ the Spirit was not given by measure ’ to Jesus , but rested upon him and remained in fulfilment of the promises of the Old Testament ( 3:34 , 1:32,33 ) .
it is exactly the same point as john makes by his assertion that ‘ the spirit was not given by measure ’ to jesus , but rested upon him and [stayed] in fulfilment of the promises of the old testament ( 3:34 , 1:32,33 ) .

Just as Jesus remained with and guided the disciples , so will the Paraclete ( 14 16–18 ) .
just as jesus [stayed] with and guided the disciples , so will the paraclete ( 14 16–18 ) .

They had to learn that the final day of God 's victory might be long delayed , and they could not tell its date ( a point to which successive generations of enthusiastic date-guessers have remained remarkably blind ) .
they had to learn that the final day of god 's victory might be long delayed , and they could not tell its date ( a point to which successive generations of enthusiastic date-guessers have [stayed] remarkably blind ) .

The law remained an external authority expressing God 's requirements , but providing no power to keep them .
the law [stayed] an external authority expressing god 's requirements , but providing no power to keep them .

The old lady remained in the doorway .
the old lady [stayed] in the doorway .

The old lady remained in the doorway .
the old lady [stayed] in the doorway .

Despite his sobs , the boy 's hand remained steady .
despite his sobs , the boy 's hand [stayed] steady .

Now the farmer and his wife had remained in the filed , laughing over the trick they had played on the tiger .
now the farmer and his wife had [stayed] in the filed , laughing over the trick they had played on the tiger .

After lunch there was always an interval during which the men remained seated , perhaps leaning their heads on the table for a pisolino , a nap — exhausted after all the eating , drinking and argument .
after lunch there was always an interval during which the men [stayed] seated , perhaps leaning their heads on the table for a pisolino , a nap — exhausted after all the eating , drinking and argument .

He was still more worried about the extensive rewriting of history that school text-books had been subjected to ; something of which most of us remained unaware until after the Second World War .
he was still more worried about the extensive rewriting of history that school text-books had been subjected to ; something of which most of us [stayed] unaware until after the second world war .

In the event Mussolini remained neutral .
in the event mussolini [stayed] neutral .

From the day he returned his friends called him ‘ Cantoni l'Americano ’ , and this nickname remained with him until he died .
from the day he returned his friends called him ‘ cantoni l'americano ’ , and this nickname [stayed] with him until he died .

Under cover of the rugby-players , who surrounded them so that they were invisible to the sentries , two officers managed to bury themselves underground , where they remained until darkness : they then came to the surface and made their escape .
under cover of the rugby-players , who surrounded them so that they were invisible to the sentries , two officers managed to bury themselves underground , where they [stayed] until darkness : they then came to the surface and made their escape .

Now that the Colonello had been taken away , the only Italian from the camp who remained was one of the two interpreters , Capitano Camino , who had an excellent command of English because he had been a businessman in England before the war .
now that the colonello had been taken away , the only italian from the camp who [stayed] was one of the two interpreters , capitano camino , who had an excellent command of english because he had been a businessman in england before the war .

There , and among the rows of vines , the escapers remained hidden , not knowing what to do next or where to go .
there , and among the rows of vines , the escapers [stayed] hidden , not knowing what to do next or where to go .

But in the evening , on what was to prove his last visit , the prisoner was so long and so quiet that eventually the carabiniere who had remained to guard him banged on the door .
but in the evening , on what was to prove his last visit , the prisoner was so long and so quiet that eventually the carabiniere who had [stayed] to guard him banged on the door .

Some of them remained behind to tell me a length how the object was a perfect focus for their festival that was being held in memory of one of their multi-armed folk heroes .
some of them [stayed] behind to tell me a length how the object was a perfect focus for their festival that was being held in memory of one of their multi-armed folk heroes .

The lavender hedge , as if in sympathy with their views , failed to survive the first fen winter and Sprogg 's Cottage remained Sprogg 's .
the lavender hedge , as if in sympathy with their views , failed to survive the first fen winter and sprogg 's cottage [stayed] sprogg 's .

Lorrimer remained standing . He said :
lorrimer [stayed] standing . he said :

The ceiling carvings had been removed , perhaps because Colonel Hoggatt had thought them inappropriate to a working laboratory , but the scars of the desecration remained .
the ceiling carvings had been removed , perhaps because colonel hoggatt had thought them inappropriate to a working laboratory , but the scars of the desecration [stayed] .

The Labour Party has remained a problem for socialists , as the experience of Labour in government after 1966 and over the period 1979 rather confirmed .
the labour party has [stayed] a problem for socialists , as the experience of labour in government after 1966 and over the period 1979 rather confirmed .

Instead , Geordie string pillager Mike Dunphy has remained faithful to his distinctive scratchy rivums and , in turn , has kicked the Cud extravaganza squarely in the udders .
instead , geordie string pillager mike dunphy has [stayed] faithful to his distinctive scratchy rivums and , in turn , has kicked the cud extravaganza squarely in the udders .

Links with Birmingham have always remained strong , with regular concerts in the area .
links with birmingham have always [stayed] strong , with regular concerts in the area .

But much remained to be done .
but much [stayed] to be done .

It was as if our personal bubbles still remained , intact , unencroached , as our shoulders bumped and our feet kicked .
it was as if our personal bubbles still [stayed] , intact , unencroached , as our shoulders bumped and our feet kicked .

He said that the workers who remained in the public sector with CalMac were assured continuity of pension provision and that their pension arrangements would be unaffected .
he said that the workers who [stayed] in the public sector with calmac were assured continuity of pension provision and that their pension arrangements would be unaffected .

It is true that the ballet de cour exercised great influence on French opera when it emerged very much later , but French opera remained French and by that time Italian opera was well on the way to becoming European .
it is true that the ballet de cour exercised great influence on french opera when it emerged very much later , but french opera [stayed] french and by that time italian opera was well on the way to becoming european .

It remained for Buus ( e.g .
it [stayed] for buus ( e.g .

While genuinely instrumental styles had emerged in keyboard and lute music and were beginning to emerge in ensemble music , the problem of purely instrumental construction remained unsolved except in the short dance-forms .
while genuinely instrumental styles had emerged in keyboard and lute music and were beginning to emerge in ensemble music , the problem of purely instrumental construction [stayed] unsolved except in the short dance-forms .

It remained for the Spaniards to connect them in extended compositions and base them on secular songs as Cabezón did on the ‘ Canto del Caballero ’ and ‘ Guardame las vacas ’ or play them as so many Mass-movements and motets were even more incongruously played — on the lute .
it [stayed] for the spaniards to connect them in extended compositions and base them on secular songs as cabezón did on the ‘ canto del caballero ’ and ‘ guardame las vacas ’ or play them as so many mass-movements and motets were even more incongruously played — on the lute .

But for another thirty years it remained solely an entertainment for princes and wealthy aristocrats , mostly at Mantua , Florence , Bologna , Parma , and Rome .
but for another thirty years it [stayed] solely an entertainment for princes and wealthy aristocrats , mostly at mantua , florence , bologna , parma , and rome .

Tony remained at St Augustine 's for the remainder of his schooldays , a period of eighteen months .
tony [stayed] at st augustine 's for the remainder of his schooldays , a period of eighteen months .

This , in essence , remained her favourite outfit until she died .
this , in essence , [stayed] her favourite outfit until she died .

Sonny , it turned out , knew more than that : many of her ideas arose from her exotic background and , dovetailing neatly with Laura 's romantic vision , these designs remained top sellers for years .
sonny , it turned out , knew more than that : many of her ideas arose from her exotic background and , dovetailing neatly with laura 's romantic vision , these designs [stayed] top sellers for years .

Laura was an efficient stage manager , ensuring that the myth remained undisturbed .
laura was an efficient stage manager , ensuring that the myth [stayed] undisturbed .

Once the Deloitte 's plan was implemented , Bernard remained Chairman , John James Group Managing Director , and a new role was specially created for Laura .
once the deloitte 's plan was implemented , bernard [stayed] chairman , john james group managing director , and a new role was specially created for laura .

Anyone close to Laura could not fail to notice her ability to ensure reality remained in the next room .
anyone close to laura could not fail to notice her ability to ensure reality [stayed] in the next room .

But the anger remained .
but the anger [stayed] .

Though she was still immaculately groomed , there seemed somehow less poise about her , as if appearances remained , but the will had gone .
though she was still immaculately groomed , there seemed somehow less poise about her , as if appearances [stayed] , but the will had gone .

He was balding , and had countered the problem by combing what remained forward in a Royal Shakespeare Company Roman Plays style .
he was balding , and had countered the problem by combing what [stayed] forward in a royal shakespeare company roman plays style .

They also point out that during the past five years or so the proportion of part-time students has remained roughly constant at about one-third of the total .
they also point out that during the past five years or so the proportion of part-time students has [stayed] roughly constant at about one-third of the total .

Two of them , Nottingham and the City of Leicester Colleges of Education have been merged with Trent and Leicester Polytechnics respectively ; one , Loughborough College of Education , has merged with Loughborough University of Technology ; two , Bishop Lonsdale College of Education , Derby , and Northampton College of Education , have merged with other further education colleges in their towns to form new institutions known respectively as Derby Lonsdale College of Higher Education and Nene College ; two colleges , Bishop Grosseteste , Lincoln , and Matlock College of Education , have remained free-standing and four , Kesteven College of Education , Grantham ; Mary Ward College , Keyworth ; Eaton Hall , Retford ; and St Paul 's , Rugby , have closed down .
two of them , nottingham and the city of leicester colleges of education have been merged with trent and leicester polytechnics respectively ; one , loughborough college of education , has merged with loughborough university of technology ; two , bishop lonsdale college of education , derby , and northampton college of education , have merged with other further education colleges in their towns to form new institutions known respectively as derby lonsdale college of higher education and nene college ; two colleges , bishop grosseteste , lincoln , and matlock college of education , have [stayed] free-standing and four , kesteven college of education , grantham ; mary ward college , keyworth ; eaton hall , retford ; and st paul 's , rugby , have closed down .

Of the two free-standing colleges , Bishop Grosseteste is endeavouring to diversify by offering courses of general education not directly related to teacher training , while Matlock has remained essentially a monotechnic institution , offering initial and in-service teacher-training courses .
of the two free-standing colleges , bishop grosseteste is endeavouring to diversify by offering courses of general education not directly related to teacher training , while matlock has [stayed] essentially a monotechnic institution , offering initial and in-service teacher-training courses .

Thirdly , there are the relatively few institutions which have remained very largely monotechnic , concentrating on teacher education .
thirdly , there are the relatively few institutions which have [stayed] very largely monotechnic , concentrating on teacher education .

However , as it was formerly part of the University and wished to revert to that status , the former has merged with University College , Cardiff — with the exception of its Social Work courses and its Higher National Diploma in Institutional Management which have been transferred to the South Glamorgan Institute — and the latter has remained a separate institution .
however , as it was formerly part of the university and wished to revert to that status , the former has merged with university college , cardiff — with the exception of its social work courses and its higher national diploma in institutional management which have been transferred to the south glamorgan institute — and the latter has [stayed] a separate institution .

Only old age remained .
only old age [stayed] .

They had taken the strictest measures to ensure that the Project remained not merely ‘ invisible ’ in terms of its security profile , but that , in the unlikely event of sabotage , there would be copies of everything .
they had taken the strictest measures to ensure that the project [stayed] not merely ‘ invisible ’ in terms of its security profile , but that , in the unlikely event of sabotage , there would be copies of everything .

She moved back , waiting for the door to open , it remained firmly shut .
she moved back , waiting for the door to open , it [stayed] firmly shut .

So when Tommaso showed interest in her during those Easter holidays , she noticed him ; while Caterina remained unaware , for she had always the effect of spreading pleasure , and did not remark his response to her , his alert shoulders , his greedy pale eyes tensing for a moment , then flicking guiltily away to contemplate her sister .
so when tommaso showed interest in her during those easter holidays , she noticed him ; while caterina [stayed] unaware , for she had always the effect of spreading pleasure , and did not remark his response to her , his alert shoulders , his greedy pale eyes tensing for a moment , then flicking guiltily away to contemplate her sister .

She prodded Caterina in the bed beside her , but her sister remained hedgehog-tight .
she prodded caterina in the bed beside her , but her sister [stayed] hedgehog-tight .

She could n't tell , she hoped he had remained pressed against the woman , unconscious of all else .
she could n't tell , she hoped he had [stayed] pressed against the woman , unconscious of all else .

So , just as Caterina had wanted , she remained dead to the world through the night .
so , just as caterina had wanted , she [stayed] dead to the world through the night .

He remained standing , ill-at-ease , as if he had been called somewhere and was awaiting release .
he [stayed] standing , ill-at-ease , as if he had been called somewhere and was awaiting release .

But the moment passed , for there was something in her grasp of his legs that was so awkward , so inexperienced , and the pitch of her entreaties remained so anguished that he knew she was only doing what she imagined might persuade him to help her ; and a wave of self-loathing washed over him , that a woman like her could think of a man like him in such a light .
but the moment passed , for there was something in her grasp of his legs that was so awkward , so inexperienced , and the pitch of her entreaties [stayed] so anguished that he knew she was only doing what she imagined might persuade him to help her ; and a wave of self-loathing washed over him , that a woman like her could think of a man like him in such a light .

Until a few years ago this test had not been performed in any species with a bizarre male form , and the theory remained a speculation , tentatively accepted by most ethologists in the absence of any plausible alternative .
until a few years ago this test had not been performed in any species with a bizarre male form , and the theory [stayed] a speculation , tentatively accepted by most ethologists in the absence of any plausible alternative .

Only one more thing remained to be done .
only one more thing [stayed] to be done .

Only Cyril remained , dribbling happily as he tapped the rhythm of ‘ Jingle Bells ’ on the snare drum .
only cyril [stayed] , dribbling happily as he tapped the rhythm of ‘ jingle bells ’ on the snare drum .

There remained a faint possibility that Newley would try to identify the person who collected the money .
there [stayed] a faint possibility that newley would try to identify the person who collected the money .

Lorton remained on his feet , his arms swinging slightly . ‘ So where 's the money ? ’
lorton [stayed] on his feet , his arms swinging slightly . ‘ so where 's the money ? ’

It remained to be seen whether he would be willing to answer the one question for which Dougal needed an answer .
it [stayed] to be seen whether he would be willing to answer the one question for which dougal needed an answer .

In general , the numbers of widows in the 15–44 age group remained fairly constant at about 200,000 throughout the period , despite steady increases in the total population .
in general , the numbers of widows in the 15–44 age group [stayed] fairly constant at about 200,000 throughout the period , despite steady increases in the total population .

The period saw a similar decline in the number of live births for both manual and non-manual families but the differential between these groups remained great , and indeed widened , until the inter-war years .
the period saw a similar decline in the number of live births for both manual and non-manual families but the differential between these groups [stayed] great , and indeed widened , until the inter-war years .

Bastardy law , on the other hand , remained extremely harsh , with the result that the unmarried mother who was rejected by her family had very little recourse other than the workhouse .
bastardy law , on the other hand , [stayed] extremely harsh , with the result that the unmarried mother who was rejected by her family had very little recourse other than the workhouse .

Working class family size remained large throughout the period .
working class family size [stayed] large throughout the period .

Middle class observers often complained that the parlour remained a showpiece in the respectable working class home , used only to house the piano and the aspidistra .
middle class observers often complained that the parlour [stayed] a showpiece in the respectable working class home , used only to house the piano and the aspidistra .

The Committee approved the trend towards cooking in sculleries rather than on open fires in living rooms although the latter remained the only option for many families living in rooms until well into the inter-war period .
the committee approved the trend towards cooking in sculleries rather than on open fires in living rooms although the latter [stayed] the only option for many families living in rooms until well into the inter-war period .

The Factory Acts of 1891 and 1895 made provision for the regulation of homework , but the numbers remained hard to calculate .
the factory acts of 1891 and 1895 made provision for the regulation of homework , but the numbers [stayed] hard to calculate .

But some forms of technological change resulted both in new forms of homework ( the retailing revolution , for example , brought changes in the way goods were packaged , giving rise to the homework trade of boxmaking ) , and a greater demand for certain traditional tasks performed by homeworkers , for while parts of a particular trade might become subject to large scale organisation , other aspects of the same trade not uncommonly remained the province of homeworkers .
but some forms of technological change resulted both in new forms of homework ( the retailing revolution , for example , brought changes in the way goods were packaged , giving rise to the homework trade of boxmaking ) , and a greater demand for certain traditional tasks performed by homeworkers , for while parts of a particular trade might become subject to large scale organisation , other aspects of the same trade not uncommonly [stayed] the province of homeworkers .

She observed two of the leading women philanthropists of the day , Ella Pycroft and Octavia Hill , both of whom had remained single , and recorded her opinion that both ‘ might have been more ’ with a happy family life , which only served to increase her anguish .
she observed two of the leading women philanthropists of the day , ella pycroft and octavia hill , both of whom had [stayed] single , and recorded her opinion that both ‘ might have been more ’ with a happy family life , which only served to increase her anguish .

He outlined a process of sexual selection whereby males competed for females , who initially remained passive , but eventually exercised power of choice ; vigorous females preferring vigorous males .
he outlined a process of sexual selection whereby males competed for females , who initially [stayed] passive , but eventually exercised power of choice ; vigorous females preferring vigorous males .

This was especially true of the late nineteenth century , when ideas of sexual difference condemned women to a position of inferiority , but the pattern remained substantially the same throughout the period .
this was especially true of the late nineteenth century , when ideas of sexual difference condemned women to a position of inferiority , but the pattern [stayed] substantially the same throughout the period .

Marianne Farningham , who remained single , adopted an air of benevolent maternalism towards her girls ' Bible class and her sense of complacency , like that of most middle class philanthropic women , could be punctured only from within .
marianne farningham , who [stayed] single , adopted an air of benevolent maternalism towards her girls ' bible class and her sense of complacency , like that of most middle class philanthropic women , could be punctured only from within .

By 1910 there were 1,655 female Guardians , although there remained 234 boards with no female representatives .
by 1910 there were 1,655 female guardians , although there [stayed] 234 boards with no female representatives .

Apollinaire , however , remained personally most intimate with Picasso , and it is certain that the literary circle which surrounded Picasso , and which included Max Jacob and Pierre Reverdy , was more advanced than that around Gleizes and Metzinger , whose closest friends , men like Mercereau and Nayral , belonged to the circle of Paul Fort and the older generation of Symbolists .
apollinaire , however , [stayed] personally most intimate with picasso , and it is certain that the literary circle which surrounded picasso , and which included max jacob and pierre reverdy , was more advanced than that around gleizes and metzinger , whose closest friends , men like mercereau and nayral , belonged to the circle of paul fort and the older generation of symbolists .

While in Paris Klee saw and admired Cubist works at Uhde 's , and he may have known the rapidly growing Rupf collection in Berne , but he remained most impressed by Delaunay 's scientific approach to the handling of colour , which fitted in with his own ideas ; in the autumn of 1912 he translated some of Delaunay 's notes on light for the review Der Sturm .
while in paris klee saw and admired cubist works at uhde 's , and he may have known the rapidly growing rupf collection in berne , but he [stayed] most impressed by delaunay 's scientific approach to the handling of colour , which fitted in with his own ideas ; in the autumn of 1912 he translated some of delaunay 's notes on light for the review der sturm .

Nevertheless , in the last analysis he was most influenced by the composite picture he had formed of Iberian art he had seen , although one particular head which remained in the Louvre seems especially relevant to the central figures of the great canvas .
nevertheless , in the last analysis he was most influenced by the composite picture he had formed of iberian art he had seen , although one particular head which [stayed] in the louvre seems especially relevant to the central figures of the great canvas .

His attitude was , however , coloured by a highly literary romanticism , and despite his efforts at identifying himself with a primitive culture , his outlook naturally remained that of a sophisticated European ; he borrowed freely from primitive sources but reinterpreted them to suit his own decorative and symbolic purposes .
his attitude was , however , coloured by a highly literary romanticism , and despite his efforts at identifying himself with a primitive culture , his outlook naturally [stayed] that of a sophisticated european ; he borrowed freely from primitive sources but reinterpreted them to suit his own decorative and symbolic purposes .

Primitive art may have confirmed them in their desire to achieve a greater directness of expression , but they remained interested in it from a visual point of view .
primitive art may have confirmed them in their desire to achieve a greater directness of expression , but they [stayed] interested in it from a visual point of view .

This art remained deeply rooted in the nineteenth century .
this art [stayed] deeply rooted in the nineteenth century .

Picasso and Fernande Olivier arrived there in May and remained , with interruptions , until September .
picasso and fernande olivier arrived there in may and [stayed] , with interruptions , until september .

There are in Cubism many seemingly contradictory features , and one of the most obvious is the fact that despite the strong intellectual and rational strain that characterizes the style , the painting of Picasso and Braque remained markedly unscientific .
there are in cubism many seemingly contradictory features , and one of the most obvious is the fact that despite the strong intellectual and rational strain that characterizes the style , the painting of picasso and braque [stayed] markedly unscientific .

The concept of bad faith has remained either largely in the region of hypothetical cases or has been treated as synonymous with improper purposes or relevancy .
the concept of bad faith has [stayed] either largely in the region of hypothetical cases or has been treated as synonymous with improper purposes or relevancy .

But Connon remained as cool and unmoved as he had been while listening to Hurst .
but connon [stayed] as cool and unmoved as he had been while listening to hurst .

They had n't cared to join the small crowd of spectators in the old stand , but had remained in the car parked about twenty-five yards behind one of the goals .
they had n't cared to join the small crowd of spectators in the old stand , but had [stayed] in the car parked about twenty-five yards behind one of the goals .

But they remained ragged , unfinished , unproductive .
but they [stayed] ragged , unfinished , unproductive .

But now that reason was gone , and the memory that remained of it seemed rather mean and cheap .
but now that reason was gone , and the memory that [stayed] of it seemed rather mean and cheap .

Hardly a feminine article remained .
hardly a feminine article [stayed] .

Of the ten common sites available for a comparison of 1955–6 and 1965–6 , only four showed worsening acidity , two showed improvement , and the other four remained the same .
of the ten common sites available for a comparison of 1955–6 and 1965–6 , only four showed worsening acidity , two showed improvement , and the other four [stayed] the same .

They remained in the atmosphere for 5–20 days before settling out or being washed out by precipitation ( soot particles attract water and so should readily form droplets ) .
they [stayed] in the atmosphere for 5–20 days before settling out or being washed out by precipitation ( soot particles attract water and so should readily form droplets ) .

In considering the possible effects of soot on global climate , the models suggest that since the soot did not reach the stratosphere ( around 14–15 km in this region ) , where it could have remained for several years , the fires were unlikely to have caused significant global climate effects .
in considering the possible effects of soot on global climate , the models suggest that since the soot did not reach the stratosphere ( around 14–15 km in this region ) , where it could have [stayed] for several years , the fires were unlikely to have caused significant global climate effects .

Nevertheless , although the state of the environment was no longer viewed as the crisis issue that it was in 1969–70 , public support for environmental protection remained considerably stronger throughout the 1970s than it was prior to the emergence of the environmental movement ( Anthony , 1982 ) .
nevertheless , although the state of the environment was no longer viewed as the crisis issue that it was in 1969–70 , public support for environmental protection [stayed] considerably stronger throughout the 1970s than it was prior to the emergence of the environmental movement ( anthony , 1982 ) .

Only consider able pressure during the energy and economic crises and the subsequent desire for energy self-sufficiency and economic recovery achieved any relaxation in the aim : the primary goal of a clean atmosphere remained largely the same but the stringent deadlines for achieving this were sacrificed .
only consider able pressure during the energy and economic crises and the subsequent desire for energy self-sufficiency and economic recovery achieved any relaxation in the aim : the primary goal of a clean atmosphere [stayed] largely the same but the stringent deadlines for achieving this were sacrificed .

His language was one spoken by very few foreigners , and indeed Latin had remained the learned tongue there as in Germany .
his language was one spoken by very few foreigners , and indeed latin had [stayed] the learned tongue there as in germany .

Forbes was thus a contemporary of Darwin and Huxley ; but because he died at the height of his powers just five years before the Origin of Species was published , and because despite his time in Paris he remained an outdoor natural historian having little temptation towards laboratory-based physiology , his work was incomplete and soon seemed obsolete .
forbes was thus a contemporary of darwin and huxley ; but because he died at the height of his powers just five years before the origin of species was published , and because despite his time in paris he [stayed] an outdoor natural historian having little temptation towards laboratory-based physiology , his work was incomplete and soon seemed obsolete .

Only in about the last quarter of the century did colour printing , in the form of chromolithographs , become at all usual ; and for expensive books , hand-colouring remained the norm well into the twentieth century .
only in about the last quarter of the century did colour printing , in the form of chromolithographs , become at all usual ; and for expensive books , hand-colouring [stayed] the norm well into the twentieth century .

Nevertheless , however strong the churches remained , there were many sympathetic who believed that they were crumbling , and felt sad , nostalgic or alarmed about it .
nevertheless , however strong the churches [stayed] , there were many sympathetic who believed that they were crumbling , and felt sad , nostalgic or alarmed about it .

But spiritualism remained beyond the pale , like phrenology and unlike orthodox religion , despite the claims of some that it was really the same as primitive Christianity .
but spiritualism [stayed] beyond the pale , like phrenology and unlike orthodox religion , despite the claims of some that it was really the same as primitive christianity .

The dull red glow was all about them now and the baleful light fell across the Robemaker 's cloaked figure so that , although his face remained hidden , Nuadu caught the glitter of his eyes , red and inverted and , despite the belching heat , he felt ice close about his heart .
the dull red glow was all about them now and the baleful light fell across the robemaker 's cloaked figure so that , although his face [stayed] hidden , nuadu caught the glitter of his eyes , red and inverted and , despite the belching heat , he felt ice close about his heart .

But it remained still for a moment and there was the shimmer of silver about the boy 's head .
but it [stayed] still for a moment and there was the shimmer of silver about the boy 's head .

More usually formal committees have remained politically representative , with the main focus of organized party activity being reflected in party groups .
more usually formal committees have [stayed] politically representative , with the main focus of organized party activity being reflected in party groups .

Prior to this Act the traditional approach of central government had been to view local expenditure in global terms ; hence , as long as local government spending as a whole remained on target , individual authorities spending above the norm were not penalized .
prior to this act the traditional approach of central government had been to view local expenditure in global terms ; hence , as long as local government spending as a whole [stayed] on target , individual authorities spending above the norm were not penalized .

But the pallid face above them remained impassive , and the waiting cigarette continued to smoke ritually in the ashtray , like a joss-stick before some inscrutable joss .
but the pallid face above them [stayed] impassive , and the waiting cigarette continued to smoke ritually in the ashtray , like a joss-stick before some inscrutable joss .

His lips were red and full and soft , like an overripe fruit with the juices bursting through the skin — a fruit turned , and just beyond its best , so that while the outer layers remained fresh and moist , just beneath would be the beginning of soft over-sweetness .
his lips were red and full and soft , like an overripe fruit with the juices bursting through the skin — a fruit turned , and just beyond its best , so that while the outer layers [stayed] fresh and moist , just beneath would be the beginning of soft over-sweetness .

Medoc had spun it truly and well , and they remained as Medoc and the Lad had left them , seated at the banqueting hall , apparently dead .
medoc had spun it truly and well , and they [stayed] as medoc and the lad had left them , seated at the banqueting hall , apparently dead .

Third , the particular reputational approach used by Hunter presupposed that which remained to be proven — that there is a group of forty people in whose hands power in Atlanta is concentrated — by devoting all his efforts to finding out the names of people who appear to belong to this elite .
third , the particular reputational approach used by hunter presupposed that which [stayed] to be proven — that there is a group of forty people in whose hands power in atlanta is concentrated — by devoting all his efforts to finding out the names of people who appear to belong to this elite .

The skull cavity could now house an enlarged head ganglion or brain , while the nerves from the brain to the rest of the body run inside the backbone down the spinal cord ; those ganglia that remained outside this central nervous system became reduced in significance and autonomy .
the skull cavity could now house an enlarged head ganglion or brain , while the nerves from the brain to the rest of the body run inside the backbone down the spinal cord ; those ganglia that [stayed] outside this central nervous system became reduced in significance and autonomy .

However , for me , as for other neurobiologists , there were always other implausibilities about Ungar 's results , even assuming they could be replicated ( and many labs remained sceptical ) .
however , for me , as for other neurobiologists , there were always other implausibilities about ungar 's results , even assuming they could be replicated ( and many labs [stayed] sceptical ) .

The southern islands became known mostly during the 17th to 19th centuries ; Antarctica itself remained unvisited until the late 18th century , and unrecognized as a continent before the start of the 20th century .
the southern islands became known mostly during the 17th to 19th centuries ; antarctica itself [stayed] unvisited until the late 18th century , and unrecognized as a continent before the start of the 20th century .

Christine remained motionless .
christine [stayed] motionless .

Taczek remained sprightly even in the interview room and treated the first half hour of questions as a party game .
taczek [stayed] sprightly even in the interview room and treated the first half hour of questions as a party game .

Blanche remained to think , clutching a second cup of coffee .
blanche [stayed] to think , clutching a second cup of coffee .

Ripples were travelling up and down the Bridge , but the anchors remained firm .
ripples were travelling up and down the bridge , but the anchors [stayed] firm .

The door remained shut .
the door [stayed] shut .

There he slipped soundlessly into the cold black water and remained submerged , except for his face , floating easily as the night deepened .
there he slipped soundlessly into the cold black water and [stayed] submerged , except for his face , floating easily as the night deepened .

Miles had remained silent as they had paddled out into the water , though his heart was full of anger and grief .
miles had [stayed] silent as they had paddled out into the water , though his heart was full of anger and grief .

The door remained shut .
the door [stayed] shut .

The discrepancy between job-specification and status became acute for some coordinators , and remained a problem in some schools , not just for coordinators but also for many other staff with significant cross-school managerial responsibilities .
the discrepancy between job-specification and status became acute for some coordinators , and [stayed] a problem in some schools , not just for coordinators but also for many other staff with significant cross-school managerial responsibilities .

The more effectively managed schools understood these problems and sought to ensure that sub-groups and delegated roles and responsibilities remained part of a wider collegial culture in which all participated , and within which divergences of opinion were openly explored .
the more effectively managed schools understood these problems and sought to ensure that sub-groups and delegated roles and responsibilities [stayed] part of a wider collegial culture in which all participated , and within which divergences of opinion were openly explored .

The more successful heads were those who remained in close touch with classroom realities and teachers ' everyday concerns , who valued and developed individual staff potential , and encouraged collective decision-making .
the more successful heads were those who [stayed] in close touch with classroom realities and teachers ' everyday concerns , who valued and developed individual staff potential , and encouraged collective decision-making .

The system of cash planning introduced in 1982 remained fundamentally unchanged for the next decade , but see below .
the system of cash planning introduced in 1982 [stayed] fundamentally unchanged for the next decade , but see below .

Though the fundamentals of cash planning remained , the Treasury had to adapt and refine its strategy through the 1980s in response to the pressure it was under to remain ahead of the game ( Thain and Wright , 1990 ) .
though the fundamentals of cash planning [stayed] , the treasury had to adapt and refine its strategy through the 1980s in response to the pressure it was under to remain ahead of the game ( thain and wright , 1990 ) .

The association with the stigma of poor relief remained , however , and to a very large extent these hospitals became the home for the long-stay patients and the elderly who were such a drain on the finances of the voluntary hospitals .
the association with the stigma of poor relief [stayed] , however , and to a very large extent these hospitals became the home for the long-stay patients and the elderly who were such a drain on the finances of the voluntary hospitals .

They became ‘ the doctor ’ for the working class , but they remained private entrepreneurs who had to make their living by charging for their services .
they became ‘ the doctor ’ for the working class , but they [stayed] private entrepreneurs who had to make their living by charging for their services .

Apart from a brief period after 1964 when prescription charges were removed , these charges have remained ever since and been increased regularly .
apart from a brief period after 1964 when prescription charges were removed , these charges have [stayed] ever since and been increased regularly .

Variations between the hospital regions remained wide .
variations between the hospital regions [stayed] wide .

Ben still remained silent .
ben still [stayed] silent .

She poured out her scorn , and with it her jealousy and frustrated rage . Johnny remained silent for a time , and then said :
she poured out her scorn , and with it her jealousy and frustrated rage . johnny [stayed] silent for a time , and then said :

Throughout their journey several topics remained alive between them , to be returned to again and again , not so much as if the first discourse had not resolved matters — more as it they remained as life issues , or questions of the day .
throughout their journey several topics [stayed] alive between them , to be returned to again and again , not so much as if the first discourse had not resolved matters — more as it they [stayed] as life issues , or questions of the day .

Johnson remained relatively unimpressed , even by a glimpse of snow that had persisted to this , the first day of September .
johnson [stayed] relatively unimpressed , even by a glimpse of snow that had persisted to this , the first day of september .

It becomes clear from Boswell 's descriptions that this family were considerably less Anglicised than the Macdonalds on Skye , and still remained on the side of the Gaels .
it becomes clear from boswell 's descriptions that this family were considerably less anglicised than the macdonalds on skye , and still [stayed] on the side of the gaels .

He further speculated that with a room to Boswell , and one for the laird , ‘ there remained eight rooms only for at least seven and thirty lodgers .
he further speculated that with a room to boswell , and one for the laird , ‘ there [stayed] eight rooms only for at least seven and thirty lodgers .

Nevertheless , his energy of observation remained constant and again inclined towards the economics of the area : he contemplated one piece of land , a ‘ watery flat ’ , that seemed to have natural drainage possibilities — ‘ it had a visible declivity ’ ; although he allowed that even if he felt it could be reclaimed without ‘ difficulty or expense ’ , these were relative terms .
nevertheless , his energy of observation [stayed] constant and again inclined towards the economics of the area : he contemplated one piece of land , a ‘ watery flat ’ , that seemed to have natural drainage possibilities — ‘ it had a visible declivity ’ ; although he allowed that even if he felt it could be reclaimed without ‘ difficulty or expense ’ , these were relative terms .

This remained a crucial obstacle until well into the 1960s , when attempts began to synthesise the two ideologies , in what has become known as Liberation Theology .
this [stayed] a crucial obstacle until well into the 1960s , when attempts began to synthesise the two ideologies , in what has become known as liberation theology .

However , anarchism remained an influential competitor to the Communist movement until well into the late 1920s .
however , anarchism [stayed] an influential competitor to the communist movement until well into the late 1920s .

However , the number of people willing to make the commitment to Communist party membership remained disproportionately small .
however , the number of people willing to make the commitment to communist party membership [stayed] disproportionately small .

The revised 1928 Comintern theses on Latin America , as indicated above , came closer to this position , although differences remained over the nature of Latin American development and the issue of the possible coexistence of feudalism and capitalism .
the revised 1928 comintern theses on latin america , as indicated above , came closer to this position , although differences [stayed] over the nature of latin american development and the issue of the possible coexistence of feudalism and capitalism .

Thus his ideas remained as a potent legacy for the new generation of Marxists which emerged in the 1950s and 1960s .
thus his ideas [stayed] as a potent legacy for the new generation of marxists which emerged in the 1950s and 1960s .

The black sands were wind-eroded basalt , and where parts of the sheet remained intact — and in basins and wadis — there was still radioactivity so that the desert could be navigated in safety only by the well-tried routes .
the black sands were wind-eroded basalt , and where parts of the sheet [stayed] intact — and in basins and wadis — there was still radioactivity so that the desert could be navigated in safety only by the well-tried routes .

So long as Artai remained unmarried it was important to the self-esteem of each of them to demonstrate that while neither she nor her family had thus far been favoured with the Kha-Khan 's selection , yet she was capable of exercising influence .
so long as artai [stayed] unmarried it was important to the self-esteem of each of them to demonstrate that while neither she nor her family had thus far been favoured with the kha-khan 's selection , yet she was capable of exercising influence .

Jehana was beautiful — both by Yek and by human standards — and it was remarkable that she had remained thus far unmarried .
jehana was beautiful — both by yek and by human standards — and it was remarkable that she had [stayed] thus far unmarried .

Alexei dragged his coat off what remained of the lantern pole .
alexei dragged his coat off what [stayed] of the lantern pole .

However , for one section of youth , the lower-working-class ‘ roughs ’ , living on housing estates and high-rise flats , for whom the prospect of unemployment was added to the possibility of boring , unskilled work , ‘ only the football ground remained — stark , dirty , exposed to the elements — as a traditional gathering place for working-class lads ’ ( Wagg , 1984:206–7 ) .
however , for one section of youth , the lower-working-class ‘ roughs ’ , living on housing estates and high-rise flats , for whom the prospect of unemployment was added to the possibility of boring , unskilled work , ‘ only the football ground [stayed] — stark , dirty , exposed to the elements — as a traditional gathering place for working-class lads ’ ( wagg , 1984:206–7 ) .

As Walsh ( 1984:328 ) emphasis , the Special Powers Act remained unmodified until 1972 .
as walsh ( 1984:328 ) emphasis , the special powers act [stayed] unmodified until 1972 .

It has remained dominated by the police and operates on the police 's terms ( Stephens , 1988:113 ) .
it has [stayed] dominated by the police and operates on the police 's terms ( stephens , 1988:113 ) .

There remained the peculiar business of the poetry book , which he must have had ready to puzzle me .
there [stayed] the peculiar business of the poetry book , which he must have had ready to puzzle me .

He remained staring down at the the photograph , then slowly shook his head .
he [stayed] staring down at the the photograph , then slowly shook his head .

We remained staring at each other .
we [stayed] staring at each other .

She smiled at me and sat down and remained thoughtfully for a while with her chin resting on her hand .
she smiled at me and sat down and [stayed] thoughtfully for a while with her chin resting on her hand .

They remained a week in the Ottoman capital , by no means long enough for Miss Logan to become accustomed to the coarse stares she received at the table d'hôte .
they [stayed] a week in the ottoman capital , by no means long enough for miss logan to become accustomed to the coarse stares she received at the table d'hôte .

Miss Fergusson , however , remained her dutiful and efficient self .
miss fergusson , however , [stayed] her dutiful and efficient self .

He remained an albino until the day he died .
he [stayed] an albino until the day he died .

But his gallantry remained in good health .
but his gallantry [stayed] in good health .

And how would we know the colour had remained the same in the intervening years ? )
and how would we know the colour had [stayed] the same in the intervening years ? )

Du Camp became a lethargic meliorist ; Flaubert remained ‘ an enraged liberal ’ .
du camp became a lethargic meliorist ; flaubert [stayed] ‘ an enraged liberal ’ .

His fingers kept dipping into the torrent but the water remained chill .
his fingers kept dipping into the torrent but the water [stayed] chill .

Did all your breathing now . Nothing remained
did all your breathing now . nothing [stayed]

They are perceived as unlikely to take an authoritarian line , yet they have remained politically uncritical of Government policy , during the attacks on their departments made by the media during the child abuse , and transnational adoption controversies .
they are perceived as unlikely to take an authoritarian line , yet they have [stayed] politically uncritical of government policy , during the attacks on their departments made by the media during the child abuse , and transnational adoption controversies .

The flat fee , which has remained the same since the company was set up over three years ago , has proved to be a winner with both buyers and sellers .
the flat fee , which has [stayed] the same since the company was set up over three years ago , has proved to be a winner with both buyers and sellers .

Regardless of all his achievements and fame , he never changed in attitude and throughout his years until his retirement remained loyal to Balmoral Golf Club in Belfast .
regardless of all his achievements and fame , he never changed in attitude and throughout his years until his retirement [stayed] loyal to balmoral golf club in belfast .

Remember how your baby , after weeks of aimless standing around holding onto the fireguard , suddenly took five steps across the room when nobody was looking ? Remember how she said ‘ duck ’ at ten months , then remained totally silent — until at the age of two she said in a conversational tone , ‘ What a big fat duck , give it a bit of bread ’ ?
remember how your baby , after weeks of aimless standing around holding onto the fireguard , suddenly took five steps across the room when nobody was looking ? remember how she said ‘ duck ’ at ten months , then [stayed] totally silent — until at the age of two she said in a conversational tone , ‘ what a big fat duck , give it a bit of bread ’ ?

For the big four clearing banks , the stock of domestic provisions in relation to domestic lending ( 1.65 per cent in 1990 ) remains some way below the levels of the early 1980s and , while building societies ' mortgage losses and provision were at a record level in relation to mean assets last year ( 0.23 per cent ) , the ratio remained small in absolute terms .
for the big four clearing banks , the stock of domestic provisions in relation to domestic lending ( 1.65 per cent in 1990 ) remains some way below the levels of the early 1980s and , while building societies ' mortgage losses and provision were at a record level in relation to mean assets last year ( 0.23 per cent ) , the ratio [stayed] small in absolute terms .

’ This remained the guiding principle in higher education throughout the 1960s and the 1970s when higher education experienced an unprecedented expansion .
’ this [stayed] the guiding principle in higher education throughout the 1960s and the 1970s when higher education experienced an unprecedented expansion .

While the number of students in universities remained virtually unchanged between 1982 and 1986 , the polytechnics accepted the equivalent of 34,000 extra full time students .
while the number of students in universities [stayed] virtually unchanged between 1982 and 1986 , the polytechnics accepted the equivalent of 34,000 extra full time students .

The number of places in local authority and voluntary homes remained virtually unchanged .
the number of places in local authority and voluntary homes [stayed] virtually unchanged .

For two years critics argued that nuclear power stations should not be included in the sale , but the government remained adamant .
for two years critics argued that nuclear power stations should not be included in the sale , but the government [stayed] adamant .

Between 1982/83 and 1984/85 the level of taxation remained relatively stable .
between 1982/83 and 1984/85 the level of taxation [stayed] relatively stable .

The ‘ direct ’ reversing Bolinder engines remained popular , however , because they were simple and easier to maintain and had a long life .
the ‘ direct ’ reversing bolinder engines [stayed] popular , however , because they were simple and easier to maintain and had a long life .

Designs resulting largely from trial and error remained virtually unchanged over 200 years .
designs resulting largely from trial and error [stayed] virtually unchanged over 200 years .

The other school of thought argues that offensive operations remained important and that military technology had to be designed to protect offensive missions and to swamp the defensive with area destruction munitions .
the other school of thought argues that offensive operations [stayed] important and that military technology had to be designed to protect offensive missions and to swamp the defensive with area destruction munitions .

He found that most shy toddlers remained timid at seven .
he found that most shy toddlers [stayed] timid at seven .

We ran across the road to see it but the area remained a cow-free zone .
we ran across the road to see it but the area [stayed] a cow-free zone .

For the older 40-plus age groups , often high-flying career woman who have remained childless and perhaps unmarried , the principal sources of despair and anxiety are very often an inability to accept that they are nearing the end of their reproductive years , coupled with the fear of growing old and being lonely .
for the older 40-plus age groups , often high-flying career woman who have [stayed] childless and perhaps unmarried , the principal sources of despair and anxiety are very often an inability to accept that they are nearing the end of their reproductive years , coupled with the fear of growing old and being lonely .

Politics aside , the Vietnam industry is a profitable one , not least because many of the correspondents who covered the war — and there were literally thousands over the ten-year period — have remained obsessed with it .
politics aside , the vietnam industry is a profitable one , not least because many of the correspondents who covered the war — and there were literally thousands over the ten-year period — have [stayed] obsessed with it .

The sun was not yet clear of the eastward banks of cloud , and the light was colourless and amorphous from the evening 's soft rain , but clear enough to show what had brought Tutilo to his knees in the darkness , and yet remained unseen .
the sun was not yet clear of the eastward banks of cloud , and the light was colourless and amorphous from the evening 's soft rain , but clear enough to show what had brought tutilo to his knees in the darkness , and yet [stayed] unseen .

He would want to distance himself and Ramsey in horror from any possibility of having harboured a murderer , but while the possibility still remained of profiting by a theft , holy or unholy , he would want to retain the appearance of valuing and believing in the thief .
he would want to distance himself and ramsey in horror from any possibility of having harboured a murderer , but while the possibility still [stayed] of profiting by a theft , holy or unholy , he would want to retain the appearance of valuing and believing in the thief .

She was not here , had never been here , never in what remained of her fragile flesh ; yet she had certainly consented to let her essence be brought here , and manifested her presence with startling mercies .
she was not here , had never been here , never in what [stayed] of her fragile flesh ; yet she had certainly consented to let her essence be brought here , and manifested her presence with startling mercies .

Helen who evinced endless patient interest in others , who remained politely anonymous herself .
helen who evinced endless patient interest in others , who [stayed] politely anonymous herself .

Only the senior librarian remained constant , Joyce Babcock , a contemporary of Helen 's , stuck as far as she would get on the ladder of professional advancement , suspicious of the girls but tolerant of Helen , who offered no threat .
only the senior librarian [stayed] constant , joyce babcock , a contemporary of helen 's , stuck as far as she would get on the ladder of professional advancement , suspicious of the girls but tolerant of helen , who offered no threat .

One small colony remained all the time on their beach , an isolated solitary place of grey pebbles below greenish breakwaters ; high above them the blind-eyed office blocks glittered pink and yellow in the sun .
one small colony [stayed] all the time on their beach , an isolated solitary place of grey pebbles below greenish breakwaters ; high above them the blind-eyed office blocks glittered pink and yellow in the sun .

The house remained silent .
the house [stayed] silent .

In the morning , while the dream remained with her , she felt searingly deprived , as though she had been abandoned , as though she had lost someone known and loved .
in the morning , while the dream [stayed] with her , she felt searingly deprived , as though she had been abandoned , as though she had lost someone known and loved .

It would seem that the region of Powys in north-east Wales remained as much in the front-line of warfare with the northern Angles in the time of Eadwine as it had been when Aethelfrith defeated the men of Powys at Chester .
it would seem that the region of powys in north-east wales [stayed] as much in the front-line of warfare with the northern angles in the time of eadwine as it had been when aethelfrith defeated the men of powys at chester .

How long Penda remained in the territory of the northern Angles is unknown but he probably returned swiftly to Mercia to secure himself as king .
how long penda [stayed] in the territory of the northern angles is unknown but he probably returned swiftly to mercia to secure himself as king .

In the mid-660s , Ealhfrith was replaced by Oswiu 's younger son , Ecgfrith ( see below , p. 103 ) , but the territory remained firmly in Bernician control .
in the mid-660s , ealhfrith was replaced by oswiu 's younger son , ecgfrith ( see below , p. 103 ) , but the territory [stayed] firmly in bernician control .

Though Caedwalla remained unbaptized until after his abdication as king in 688 , it is not inconceivable that he approached Wilfrid in such a capacity , and certainly by the time of his abdication Caedwalla had resolved to seek baptism in Rome itself .
though caedwalla [stayed] unbaptized until after his abdication as king in 688 , it is not inconceivable that he approached wilfrid in such a capacity , and certainly by the time of his abdication caedwalla had resolved to seek baptism in rome itself .

If the Life is later than that and if it belongs to the 730s or even 740s , however , it would again demonstrate that the relationship between a dependant or sub-king and his overlord was not inevitably confrontational but on occasion at least perfectly acceptable to both sides for as long , presumably , as it remained of mutual benefit .
if the life is later than that and if it belongs to the 730s or even 740s , however , it would again demonstrate that the relationship between a dependant or sub-king and his overlord was not inevitably confrontational but on occasion at least perfectly acceptable to both sides for as long , presumably , as it [stayed] of mutual benefit .

Alcuin was resident among the Northumbrians in 790 and remained there for some time in the hope of influencing Aethelred , whose accession he welcomed , though evidently to no avail for shortly after he declared that he was working against injustice and that Aethelred 's attitude was not as he had hoped .
alcuin was resident among the northumbrians in 790 and [stayed] there for some time in the hope of influencing aethelred , whose accession he welcomed , though evidently to no avail for shortly after he declared that he was working against injustice and that aethelred 's attitude was not as he had hoped .

Trading wealth was largely confined to southern centres of wool exports ; when England joined other Atlantic states , Spain , Portugal , France and the Netherlands , in expansion to other continents , much of the resulting capital remained in the south .
trading wealth was largely confined to southern centres of wool exports ; when england joined other atlantic states , spain , portugal , france and the netherlands , in expansion to other continents , much of the resulting capital [stayed] in the south .

Scotland eventually benefited greatly from Union with England in 1707 , but in the heyday of nineteenth-century expansion large parts of the western and northern periphery of Britain remained bitterly poor : the clearance of people to make way for sheep caused large-scale migration from the highlands and islands of Scotland , and a large part of the population of Ireland was forced to emigrate through the scarcity of food .
scotland eventually benefited greatly from union with england in 1707 , but in the heyday of nineteenth-century expansion large parts of the western and northern periphery of britain [stayed] bitterly poor : the clearance of people to make way for sheep caused large-scale migration from the highlands and islands of scotland , and a large part of the population of ireland was forced to emigrate through the scarcity of food .

Throughout the twentieth century the Commonwealth countries remained the main origins and destinations of international migration .
throughout the twentieth century the commonwealth countries [stayed] the main origins and destinations of international migration .

For the last twenty years of progressive manufacturing decline in Britain , the one optimistic assertion had been that while industry 's contraction might be irreversible , at least the City of London remained the financial centre of Europe and second only perhaps to New York in the world .
for the last twenty years of progressive manufacturing decline in britain , the one optimistic assertion had been that while industry 's contraction might be irreversible , at least the city of london [stayed] the financial centre of europe and second only perhaps to new york in the world .

London 's insurance and commodity markets , the inheritance of a century of British imperial and trade dominance before the First World War , remained the most truly international of their kind .
london 's insurance and commodity markets , the inheritance of a century of british imperial and trade dominance before the first world war , [stayed] the most truly international of their kind .

While the proportion of other women at work has remained between 40 and 60 per cent , the early decades ( Table 3.5 ) showed 10 per cent or less of married females at work , compared with a recent ( 1988 ) figure of 55.7 per cent who were economically active .
while the proportion of other women at work has [stayed] between 40 and 60 per cent , the early decades ( table 3.5 ) showed 10 per cent or less of married females at work , compared with a recent ( 1988 ) figure of 55.7 per cent who were economically active .

For instance , Fox and Goldblatt ( 1982 ) have noted that a clear North-South contrast in mortality rates remained even after standardizing for the socio-economic character of areas .
for instance , fox and goldblatt ( 1982 ) have noted that a clear north-south contrast in mortality rates [stayed] even after standardizing for the socio-economic character of areas .

Both remained important , creating the worst conditions at their intersection , in the conurbations of the North .
both [stayed] important , creating the worst conditions at their intersection , in the conurbations of the north .

Nevertheless , it appeared that the legislation was dividing the movement , bringing to the surface awkward questions which had remained invisible in earlier purity campaigns .
nevertheless , it appeared that the legislation was dividing the movement , bringing to the surface awkward questions which had [stayed] invisible in earlier purity campaigns .

Though purity remained hegemonic in the years before the First War , there was another feminist strategy for speaking about sex .
though purity [stayed] hegemonic in the years before the first war , there was another feminist strategy for speaking about sex .

They remained firm ; if anything their opposition had hardened , particularly against the Education Committee who they saw as pushing them around .
they [stayed] firm ; if anything their opposition had hardened , particularly against the education committee who they saw as pushing them around .

The broad programme of environmental medicine remained intact .
the broad programme of environmental medicine [stayed] intact .

This military model of the disciplined body , responding instantly to word of command , remained paramount in the years before the First War .
this military model of the disciplined body , responding instantly to word of command , [stayed] paramount in the years before the first war .

Environmentalism remained paramount .
environmentalism [stayed] paramount .

The new movement condensed a wide range of competing aims and strategies , but two linked concerns remained paramount in the early twentieth century .
the new movement condensed a wide range of competing aims and strategies , but two linked concerns [stayed] paramount in the early twentieth century .

Recruitment gave us little cause for anxiety so long as the general level of recruitment remained high ( Our intake regularly comprised , in a College that offered a total of 14 academic courses , some 12 % of the total numbers , 7 % in English and 5 % in French ) .
recruitment gave us little cause for anxiety so long as the general level of recruitment [stayed] high ( our intake regularly comprised , in a college that offered a total of 14 academic courses , some 12 % of the total numbers , 7 % in english and 5 % in french ) .

Outwardly Britain may have appeared stable ; the class system and its accompanying distribution of wealth remained largely unchallenged .
outwardly britain may have appeared stable ; the class system and its accompanying distribution of wealth [stayed] largely unchallenged .

National population growth slowed perceptibly , but the major concentrations of population remained , tightly drawn in conurbations as Geddes described them ; ‘ Constellations we can not call them ; conglomerations is , alas !
national population growth slowed perceptibly , but the major concentrations of population [stayed] , tightly drawn in conurbations as geddes described them ; ‘ constellations we can not call them ; conglomerations is , alas !

The challenge of the poverty of environment and of housing conditions remained .
the challenge of the poverty of environment and of housing conditions [stayed] .

But even so unemployment problems remained , with the total out of work numbering 1.4 million ( just over 9 per cent ) in the third quarter of 1937 .
but even so unemployment problems [stayed] , with the total out of work numbering 1.4 million ( just over 9 per cent ) in the third quarter of 1937 .

The highest rates of unemployment remained concentrated in areas of heavy industry , including coal mining , mechanical engineering , ship building , textiles , and iron and steel manufacture .
the highest rates of unemployment [stayed] concentrated in areas of heavy industry , including coal mining , mechanical engineering , ship building , textiles , and iron and steel manufacture .

The Wheatley Act remained in operation until 1933 ( though with a reduced subsidy ) and an indelible mark had been made on housing policy .
the wheatley act [stayed] in operation until 1933 ( though with a reduced subsidy ) and an indelible mark had been made on housing policy .

Although Welwyn Garden City was only the second ( and last ) of its kind , in 1920 , Howard 's propaganda remained persuasive .
although welwyn garden city was only the second ( and last ) of its kind , in 1920 , howard 's propaganda [stayed] persuasive .

The Arterial Roads Conference for Greater London in 1913 was in fact a regional plan , but the link between transport , city planning and civic design remained imperfect both in principle and practice .
the arterial roads conference for greater london in 1913 was in fact a regional plan , but the link between transport , city planning and civic design [stayed] imperfect both in principle and practice .

The accompanying revolutionary fervour for a general reconstruction of society scarcely extended to Britain , and the Modern Movement was strangely muted in this country , where the beaux-arts tradition remained strong .
the accompanying revolutionary fervour for a general reconstruction of society scarcely extended to britain , and the modern movement was strangely muted in this country , where the beaux-arts tradition [stayed] strong .

Britain remained wedded to its Unwin-esque traditions in housing design and layout and to the statutory town planning which we have described .
britain [stayed] wedded to its unwin-esque traditions in housing design and layout and to the statutory town planning which we have described .

All this was little more than the Ministry of Health could offer in 1935 as advice for scheme preparation , in guidance which remained in force for the remainder of the decade .
all this was little more than the ministry of health could offer in 1935 as advice for scheme preparation , in guidance which [stayed] in force for the remainder of the decade .

These solutions implied considerable redevelopment in the central , older parts , but it remained unclear as to just what form of renewal was to be adopted either in land use or visual terms , Town planning as an art form may have taken considerable strides in suburban or garden city situations .
these solutions implied considerable redevelopment in the central , older parts , but it [stayed] unclear as to just what form of renewal was to be adopted either in land use or visual terms , town planning as an art form may have taken considerable strides in suburban or garden city situations .

Notwithstanding the success of the new generation of plans , much remained to be done in fashioning the methodological tools which the planners needed to engage seriously in the job of urban reconstruction .
notwithstanding the success of the new generation of plans , much [stayed] to be done in fashioning the methodological tools which the planners needed to engage seriously in the job of urban reconstruction .

The techniques of urban renewal remained to be filled in with regard to housing design and layout .
the techniques of urban renewal [stayed] to be filled in with regard to housing design and layout .

While the flats versus houses issue remained hotly disputed , London at least demonstrated in schemes shortly after the end of the war that the flat combined with mixed development would be an essential ingredient of post-war central cities .
while the flats versus houses issue [stayed] hotly disputed , london at least demonstrated in schemes shortly after the end of the war that the flat combined with mixed development would be an essential ingredient of post-war central cities .

The curtains in the flat were drawn , cutting down even the poor light that remained from outside .
the curtains in the flat were drawn , cutting down even the poor light that [stayed] from outside .

They went back into the anteroom , but the door through to the theatre remained open .
they went back into the anteroom , but the door through to the theatre [stayed] open .

What remained of the gardens was now given over to the university 's botany department , and so the building had been able to retain much of its outward character .
what [stayed] of the gardens was now given over to the university 's botany department , and so the building had been able to retain much of its outward character .

But they remained Germans , always dreaming of going back to the Fatherland one day .
but they [stayed] germans , always dreaming of going back to the fatherland one day .

Since then , under the Communists , Nordhausen remained a metal town , spewing its untreated , black , smelter smoke into the atmosphere and polluting the beautiful countryside that surrounded it .
since then , under the communists , nordhausen [stayed] a metal town , spewing its untreated , black , smelter smoke into the atmosphere and polluting the beautiful countryside that surrounded it .

But he remained ultra-cautious .
but he [stayed] ultra-cautious .

Cheaper ways of printing illustrations were also developed , although colour plates remained the preserve of the wealthy .
cheaper ways of printing illustrations were also developed , although colour plates [stayed] the preserve of the wealthy .

But in Darwin 's own time , natural selection remained controversial and was supplemented by a range of alternative theories including Lamarck 's ‘ inheritance of acquired characteristics ’ and an appeal to saltations or sudden evolutionary leaps .
but in darwin 's own time , natural selection [stayed] controversial and was supplemented by a range of alternative theories including lamarck 's ‘ inheritance of acquired characteristics ’ and an appeal to saltations or sudden evolutionary leaps .

Animal and plant ecology long remained separate disciplines , and plant ecology itself existed in several different forms .
animal and plant ecology long [stayed] separate disciplines , and plant ecology itself existed in several different forms .

Throughout this period , marine ecology remained isolated from other branches of the science .
throughout this period , marine ecology [stayed] isolated from other branches of the science .

Things changed , he knew that now , after a lifetime of denying it , but certain things — intrinsic things — remained a constant , for all men at all times .
things changed , he knew that now , after a lifetime of denying it , but certain things — intrinsic things — [stayed] a constant , for all men at all times .

Then there had been nothing — nothing but bare rooms : now there was the semblance of a working facility , even though most of the equipment remained in cases , waiting to be unpacked .
then there had been nothing — nothing but bare rooms : now there was the semblance of a working facility , even though most of the equipment [stayed] in cases , waiting to be unpacked .

Everyone remained frozen in their positions , looking at each other , waiting for the hellish sounds to begin again .
everyone [stayed] frozen in their positions , looking at each other , waiting for the hellish sounds to begin again .

‘ What the hell is wrong with you people ? What were you expecting ? ’ Rohmer remained silent .
‘ what the hell is wrong with you people ? what were you expecting ? ’ rohmer [stayed] silent .

Only a smattering of perversely conscientious newsmen and women remained outside the cordon … and their resolve seemed to have paid off when the police began to leave the building , climbing hurriedly into their cars and vans .
only a smattering of perversely conscientious newsmen and women [stayed] outside the cordon … and their resolve seemed to have paid off when the police began to leave the building , climbing hurriedly into their cars and vans .

Cardiff remained silent .
cardiff [stayed] silent .

Duvall , Gilbert and Frye had remained in the reception area on Rohmer 's instructions .
duvall , gilbert and frye had [stayed] in the reception area on rohmer 's instructions .

Those outside the building remained unaffected by the strike .
those outside the building [stayed] unaffected by the strike .

Jimmy and Cardiff recoiled , but Rohmer remained calmly where he was , as the impact flung Frye 's sundered head forward , his shattered face smacking into the wall … and rapidly becoming absorbed there .
jimmy and cardiff recoiled , but rohmer [stayed] calmly where he was , as the impact flung frye 's sundered head forward , his shattered face smacking into the wall … and rapidly becoming absorbed there .

Only Frye 's left calf and foot remained protruding from the bottom of the wall , shuddering slightly as it was drawn in .
only frye 's left calf and foot [stayed] protruding from the bottom of the wall , shuddering slightly as it was drawn in .

Rohmer remained silent , watching as Duvall descended the stairs still firing .
rohmer [stayed] silent , watching as duvall descended the stairs still firing .

And just how the hybrid could function without a discernible brain also remained a mystery .
and just how the hybrid could function without a discernible brain also [stayed] a mystery .

The missing twenty-three persons had remained missing … so far .
the missing twenty-three persons had [stayed] missing … so far .

His expression remained as unyielding as ever .
his expression [stayed] as unyielding as ever .

She remained our friend and advisor .
she [stayed] our friend and advisor .

She paused at the head of the stairs , as if expecting someone to ascend ; the house remained silent save for the creaking of settling timbers .
she paused at the head of the stairs , as if expecting someone to ascend ; the house [stayed] silent save for the creaking of settling timbers .

The stone walls , what remained of them , were weather-beaten but untouched by overgrown weeds .
the stone walls , what [stayed] of them , were weather-beaten but untouched by overgrown weeds .

Still he remained seated behind the steering wheel of the Jag .
still he [stayed] seated behind the steering wheel of the jag .

But for the most part the land remained in shadow .
but for the most part the land [stayed] in shadow .

The two women remained motionless , gazing up at the ceiling as if to trace the source and direction of the footsteps .
the two women [stayed] motionless , gazing up at the ceiling as if to trace the source and direction of the footsteps .

Her animals remained with her , the toads , the pigs and fowls and other birds ; after the fighting , the bees had swarmed and left Sycorax 's tree .
her animals [stayed] with her , the toads , the pigs and fowls and other birds ; after the fighting , the bees had swarmed and left sycorax 's tree .

She remained mute ; he rose and collapsed on to her to kiss her .
she [stayed] mute ; he rose and collapsed on to her to kiss her .

Even as he felt the danger of his need sweep over him , he perceived another danger beneath it : he let the pleasure of her carry him off , but within his pleasure 's flow a small bitter seed remained , as it were stuck between his teeth , offering him warning .
even as he felt the danger of his need sweep over him , he perceived another danger beneath it : he let the pleasure of her carry him off , but within his pleasure 's flow a small bitter seed [stayed] , as it were stuck between his teeth , offering him warning .

Miranda had remained quietly on the stool looking at her fat knees , as if she were happy doing so , until one of the shopgirls in costume jewellery leaned over the counter and said , through scarlet lips , ‘ Where 's your mummy gone to then ?
miranda had [stayed] quietly on the stool looking at her fat knees , as if she were happy doing so , until one of the shopgirls in costume jewellery leaned over the counter and said , through scarlet lips , ‘ where 's your mummy gone to then ?

The wind rattled the window in its frame but Nicholson remained where he was , keeping vigil , gazing out over his empire .
the wind rattled the window in its frame but nicholson [stayed] where he was , keeping vigil , gazing out over his empire .

Morton remained on his feet , swaying backwards and forwards from the balls to the heels of his shoes .
morton [stayed] on his feet , swaying backwards and forwards from the balls to the heels of his shoes .

Plummer remained unconvinced .
plummer [stayed] unconvinced .

Nicholson remained slightly ahead of his group so that they could never quite see the expression of disdain of his face .
nicholson [stayed] slightly ahead of his group so that they could never quite see the expression of disdain of his face .

Only the bandages around his scalp remained .
only the bandages around his scalp [stayed] .

The doors remained open for a moment but no other passengers got on .
the doors [stayed] open for a moment but no other passengers got on .

His pace remained steady as he walked past the low wall surrounding the fountain .
his pace [stayed] steady as he walked past the low wall surrounding the fountain .

His companions were both in their forties , one of them greying at the temples , a squat , powerfully built man ; the other was a tall gangling individual with deep set eyes which remained fixed on Hitch the whole time .
his companions were both in their forties , one of them greying at the temples , a squat , powerfully built man ; the other was a tall gangling individual with deep set eyes which [stayed] fixed on hitch the whole time .

Nicholson remained silent .
nicholson [stayed] silent .

Strikes remained relatively large , but the numbers have fallen sharply and represent the lowest level of industrial conflict in the post-war years .
strikes [stayed] relatively large , but the numbers have fallen sharply and represent the lowest level of industrial conflict in the post-war years .

Their conclusion was that although surface characteristics had changed , and even values and aspirations were ‘ converging ’ to some extent , there was no evidence of radical reshaping of the class structure ; the relationship between status groups within it remained significantly unaltered .
their conclusion was that although surface characteristics had changed , and even values and aspirations were ‘ converging ’ to some extent , there was no evidence of radical reshaping of the class structure ; the relationship between status groups within it [stayed] significantly unaltered .

The essential characteristics of those who work to create profit in return for wages have remained the same despite surface changes since Marx .
the essential characteristics of those who work to create profit in return for wages have [stayed] the same despite surface changes since marx .

He considered his executives needed motivation and opportunity , and chose decentralisation wherever possible , provided co-ordination remained intact .
he considered his executives needed motivation and opportunity , and chose decentralisation wherever possible , provided co-ordination [stayed] intact .

What remained for most villagers was : ‘ The Hobnail Express ’ , as Sam Friend put it , ‘ Shanks 's pony : stay home or walk twelve miles to Ipswich and perhaps spend the night on Mother Greenfield 's pillow on the way back .
what [stayed] for most villagers was : ‘ the hobnail express ’ , as sam friend put it , ‘ shanks 's pony : stay home or walk twelve miles to ipswich and perhaps spend the night on mother greenfield 's pillow on the way back .

As soon as it was light the farmer sent the child out into the fields ; and there the child remained while it was still light .
as soon as it was light the farmer sent the child out into the fields ; and there the child [stayed] while it was still light .

But as soon as the stoat got into the wind and the rabbit scented it , the rabbit set up a shriek and remained as though paralysed .
but as soon as the stoat got into the wind and the rabbit scented it , the rabbit set up a shriek and [stayed] as though paralysed .

The incident remained in his mind and was reinforced by another experience he had shortly afterwards .
the incident [stayed] in his mind and was reinforced by another experience he had shortly afterwards .

Mining remained a craft until the early part of the last war , with each collier taking a boy as a kind of ‘ apprentice ’ into his stall ; and in some instances trying him out later with another boy , both under supervision in an adjacent stall , until they could prove themselves to be master-craftsmen , able to work the stall and be trusted to look after themselves .
mining [stayed] a craft until the early part of the last war , with each collier taking a boy as a kind of ‘ apprentice ’ into his stall ; and in some instances trying him out later with another boy , both under supervision in an adjacent stall , until they could prove themselves to be master-craftsmen , able to work the stall and be trusted to look after themselves .

He remained there for six years until the new governor of Bombay , Sir George Clerk [ q.v . ]
he [stayed] there for six years until the new governor of bombay , sir george clerk [ q.v . ]

The Talbot family was one of the oldest Catholic families in Britain , having remained true to the faith throughout the Reformation and penal years ( the only exception being Charles Talbot , twelfth Earl , q.v .
the talbot family was one of the oldest catholic families in britain , having [stayed] true to the faith throughout the reformation and penal years ( the only exception being charles talbot , twelfth earl , q.v .

Appointed to a teaching post at the Canongate Burgh School , he remained there until 1864 , when disagreements with the school 's directors led to his dismissal .
appointed to a teaching post at the canongate burgh school , he [stayed] there until 1864 , when disagreements with the school 's directors led to his dismissal .

Before , during , and after the trial Bellingham remained calm and collected , showing no signs of fear or remorse .
before , during , and after the trial bellingham [stayed] calm and collected , showing no signs of fear or remorse .

Hammond did not go on the Irish expedition of 1649 , but remained on active service ; unlike Fairfax , he took part in the pre-emptive invasion of Scotland the following year .
hammond did not go on the irish expedition of 1649 , but [stayed] on active service ; unlike fairfax , he took part in the pre-emptive invasion of scotland the following year .

Orme remained unmarried , living with her sister Beatrice at Tulse Hill from the early nineties .
orme [stayed] unmarried , living with her sister beatrice at tulse hill from the early nineties .

Davies was a rugged , frugal , self-made capitalist , a relentless business competitor , who remained close to his chapel roots .
davies was a rugged , frugal , self-made capitalist , a relentless business competitor , who [stayed] close to his chapel roots .

Success allowed Frith to devote more time to leisure and to his family ; he remained a convinced Quaker .
success allowed frith to devote more time to leisure and to his family ; he [stayed] a convinced quaker .

His career in Chancery remained solid if unspectacular throughout the 1390s .
his career in chancery [stayed] solid if unspectacular throughout the 1390s .

as master of the Sir John Johnson 's Free Writing School , where he remained until his death thirty-three years later .
as master of the sir john johnson 's free writing school , where he [stayed] until his death thirty-three years later .

In 1772 her address is recorded as 16 Fish Street ( later St Aldates ) ; she remained at this address until her death .
in 1772 her address is recorded as 16 fish street ( later st aldates ) ; she [stayed] at this address until her death .

He commanded the ships that remained off the Spanish coast in April 1657 when Blake launched the attack on Santa Cruz , and , when Blake sailed for home in July , Stokes became commander of the force left to maintain the blockade .
he commanded the ships that [stayed] off the spanish coast in april 1657 when blake launched the attack on santa cruz , and , when blake sailed for home in july , stokes became commander of the force left to maintain the blockade .

In Michaelmas term 1264 he was appointed a junior justice of the Common Bench and remained a justice of the court till the end of Trinity term 1265 .
in michaelmas term 1264 he was appointed a junior justice of the common bench and [stayed] a justice of the court till the end of trinity term 1265 .

Greenly resigned from the official Survey in the spring of 1885 because his wife was blind in one eye and there was a fear for the sight of the other — which in fact remained intact .
greenly resigned from the official survey in the spring of 1885 because his wife was blind in one eye and there was a fear for the sight of the other — which in fact [stayed] intact .

He remained loyal to Harley until the bitter end , though his own influence in the administration was dwindling , lost all offices except a few local honours at the Hanoverian succession , and more or less retired from active politics to follow his mild interest in antiquarian matters and his somewhat keener passion for the refinement and embellishment of his country seat at Margam .
he [stayed] loyal to harley until the bitter end , though his own influence in the administration was dwindling , lost all offices except a few local honours at the hanoverian succession , and more or less retired from active politics to follow his mild interest in antiquarian matters and his somewhat keener passion for the refinement and embellishment of his country seat at margam .

This was undoubtedly his eldest son , who served his engraving apprenticeship under his father from 1802 and later took over the business c .1821 in partnership with his brother John , although their father probably remained a partner until his death .
this was undoubtedly his eldest son , who served his engraving apprenticeship under his father from 1802 and later took over the business c .1821 in partnership with his brother john , although their father probably [stayed] a partner until his death .

He remained a bricklayer all his working life , although , as Cecil Sharp [ q.v . ]
he [stayed] a bricklayer all his working life , although , as cecil sharp [ q.v . ]

In 1927 they converted Robins 's fifteenth-century Sussex house , Backsettown , into a women 's convalescent home , which it remained until 1989 .
in 1927 they converted robins 's fifteenth-century sussex house , backsettown , into a women 's convalescent home , which it [stayed] until 1989 .

In 1911 he was chosen to become general manager of the London and South Western Railway and remained there till 1923 .
in 1911 he was chosen to become general manager of the london and south western railway and [stayed] there till 1923 .

They remained at the Egyptian Hall , soon moving into the Large Hall , until its demolition at 1904 .
they [stayed] at the egyptian hall , soon moving into the large hall , until its demolition at 1904 .

Philby remained bitter towards Burgess , whose defection had thrown suspicion on him and ultimately led to his unmasking .
philby [stayed] bitter towards burgess , whose defection had thrown suspicion on him and ultimately led to his unmasking .

Hoping that , in the changed climate of opinion in England , he would soon be granted a pardon , Kinloch returned secretly to London , where for some time he remained under cover until early in 1823 he returned clandestinely to Scotland .
hoping that , in the changed climate of opinion in england , he would soon be granted a pardon , kinloch returned secretly to london , where for some time he [stayed] under cover until early in 1823 he returned clandestinely to scotland .

Even so , he remained with the king in 1387 as Richard prowled the midlands seeking to regain control .
even so , he [stayed] with the king in 1387 as richard prowled the midlands seeking to regain control .

Potter remained army commissioner throughout the second civil war , becoming also in 1648 , after the battle of St Fagan 's , a county commissioner for Pembrokeshire .
potter [stayed] army commissioner throughout the second civil war , becoming also in 1648 , after the battle of st fagan 's , a county commissioner for pembrokeshire .

He remained there until 1760 , perhaps leaving his post because the appointment of Robert Adam [ q.v . ]
he [stayed] there until 1760 , perhaps leaving his post because the appointment of robert adam [ q.v . ]

This remained a standard work well into the next century .
this [stayed] a standard work well into the next century .

Rothbury ceased to be clerk of the council when he was appointed a justice of the court of King 's Bench in 1295 , but he remained clerk of Parliament till at least 1307 and perhaps as late as 1314 .
rothbury ceased to be clerk of the council when he was appointed a justice of the court of king 's bench in 1295 , but he [stayed] clerk of parliament till at least 1307 and perhaps as late as 1314 .

In 1316 Rothbury was transferred to the Common Bench of which he remained a junior justice until the time of his death .
in 1316 rothbury was transferred to the common bench of which he [stayed] a junior justice until the time of his death .

His studies formed the basis of his treatise on Parliament entitled The Manner of Holding Parliaments in England or Modus Tenendi Parliamentum apud Anglos which remained unfinished at his death .
his studies formed the basis of his treatise on parliament entitled the manner of holding parliaments in england or modus tenendi parliamentum apud anglos which [stayed] unfinished at his death .

He was a founder-member of the Russia Company in 1555 , and remained active in its affairs , serving as governor eight times between 1567 and 1587 .
he was a founder-member of the russia company in 1555 , and [stayed] active in its affairs , serving as governor eight times between 1567 and 1587 .

After the Restoration Hebdon settled in Tooting , but remained Alexis 's agent .
after the restoration hebdon settled in tooting , but [stayed] alexis 's agent .

The memory of her graceful figure , wide-apart eyes , heart-shaped face , and alert expression remained their joint possession until Arbuthnot 's death in 1850 .
the memory of her graceful figure , wide-apart eyes , heart-shaped face , and alert expression [stayed] their joint possession until arbuthnot 's death in 1850 .

He remained in the north as elder of a Durham Baptist congregation and became involved in a lengthy dispute with the Baptist minister at Hexham , Thomas Tillam .
he [stayed] in the north as elder of a durham baptist congregation and became involved in a lengthy dispute with the baptist minister at hexham , thomas tillam .

Although the enterprise flourished , Elizabeth Malleson remained convinced that adult education ought not to be organized on a single-sex basis and , after failing to persuade the Men 's College to merge , converted the Women 's College to coeducation in 1874 .
although the enterprise flourished , elizabeth malleson [stayed] convinced that adult education ought not to be organized on a single-sex basis and , after failing to persuade the men 's college to merge , converted the women 's college to coeducation in 1874 .

She effectively ran this autonomous branch from the position of secretary until 1894 and remained as consultant until it was fully absorbed into the Institute in 1897 .
she effectively ran this autonomous branch from the position of secretary until 1894 and [stayed] as consultant until it was fully absorbed into the institute in 1897 .

Paxton made him foreman of works at Prince 's Park , Liverpool , in 1844 , and after completion he remained as superintendent .
paxton made him foreman of works at prince 's park , liverpool , in 1844 , and after completion he [stayed] as superintendent .

The family , however , remained faithful to the Catholic Church and four of the five sons of John Lewis Eyre were ordained priest .
the family , however , [stayed] faithful to the catholic church and four of the five sons of john lewis eyre were ordained priest .

He remained loyal to Somers and the junto Whigs , although in 1697 opposed the government over wine duties , preferring to defend the west-country textile trade with Portugal .
he [stayed] loyal to somers and the junto whigs , although in 1697 opposed the government over wine duties , preferring to defend the west-country textile trade with portugal .

The same year he resigned from teaching and , helped by influential friends made while collecting material for his museums , undertook a variety of part-time jobs and published his first books , until in 1862 he became a civil servant on the staff of the India Museum , where he remained until 1880 .
the same year he resigned from teaching and , helped by influential friends made while collecting material for his museums , undertook a variety of part-time jobs and published his first books , until in 1862 he became a civil servant on the staff of the india museum , where he [stayed] until 1880 .

His wife remained in residence with the family .
his wife [stayed] in residence with the family .

The younger Walter , who seems to have succeeded his father in the service of the City of London as its official chronologer , remained on the council staff until 1660 , as did one of his brothers , a third having died in its service earlier , and a fourth having been appointed to the staff of the council in Ireland under Henry Cromwell [ q.v . ]
the younger walter , who seems to have succeeded his father in the service of the city of london as its official chronologer , [stayed] on the council staff until 1660 , as did one of his brothers , a third having died in its service earlier , and a fourth having been appointed to the staff of the council in ireland under henry cromwell [ q.v . ]

He remained secretary of the National Federation , so becoming the link between the leadership and the constituency associations and hence the key figure in rebuilding the party following the split over Irish home rule and the defection of the Liberal Unionists .
he [stayed] secretary of the national federation , so becoming the link between the leadership and the constituency associations and hence the key figure in rebuilding the party following the split over irish home rule and the defection of the liberal unionists .

Although in his style of living Hickey remained for many years something of a rake , his career in Calcutta appears to have been a success .
although in his style of living hickey [stayed] for many years something of a rake , his career in calcutta appears to have been a success .

His book Practical Photo-Micrography ( 1911 ) remained the standard English textbook on the subject for over thirty years .
his book practical photo-micrography ( 1911 ) [stayed] the standard english textbook on the subject for over thirty years .

( The paper remained in the ownership and under the control of the Palmer family until its sale to Hymns Ancient and Modern Ltd. in 1989 . )
( the paper [stayed] in the ownership and under the control of the palmer family until its sale to hymns ancient and modern ltd. in 1989 . )

After his naval service Crosse remained about the court .
after his naval service crosse [stayed] about the court .

Colbeck remained as master in the Wilson Line until 1912 , when he was appointed marine superintendent in the London office .
colbeck [stayed] as master in the wilson line until 1912 , when he was appointed marine superintendent in the london office .

In 1881 , when Brunner , Mond & Co. became a public company , he invested in it , became its first chairman , and remained a director until his death .
in 1881 , when brunner , mond & co. became a public company , he invested in it , became its first chairman , and [stayed] a director until his death .

He relinquished control of the company to his three surviving sons , but remained chairman until his death , 26 December 1901 , at his home at Walton Lea .
he relinquished control of the company to his three surviving sons , but [stayed] chairman until his death , 26 december 1901 , at his home at walton lea .

The family remained in Exeter until about 1760 , when they moved to London .
the family [stayed] in exeter until about 1760 , when they moved to london .

, both of which remained on paper .
, both of which [stayed] on paper .

Her technique remained awkward , thin , and often cursory .
her technique [stayed] awkward , thin , and often cursory .

He was educated at Elphinstone College where he remained as a teacher and became the first Indian professor with his appointment to the chair of mathematics and natural philosophy ( 1854 ) .
he was educated at elphinstone college where he [stayed] as a teacher and became the first indian professor with his appointment to the chair of mathematics and natural philosophy ( 1854 ) .

In 1901 Scott moved to Bedford , where he remained for twelve years .
in 1901 scott moved to bedford , where he [stayed] for twelve years .

Laidler was a tall , very good-looking man , quiet and observant , who remained cheerful in spite of his illness .
laidler was a tall , very good-looking man , quiet and observant , who [stayed] cheerful in spite of his illness .

She remained there for four years , during which time she conducted researches on the optical properties of organic compounds .
she [stayed] there for four years , during which time she conducted researches on the optical properties of organic compounds .

He built and owned ships to handle his business and made a quay at Fowey , but the port remained inadequate , and he turned instead to the creation of an entirely new port at Par , opened in 1833 , the most spacious port between Plymouth and Falmouth .
he built and owned ships to handle his business and made a quay at fowey , but the port [stayed] inadequate , and he turned instead to the creation of an entirely new port at par , opened in 1833 , the most spacious port between plymouth and falmouth .

Two centuries after its invention , ‘ Six 's ’ remained a popular house and garden thermometer .
two centuries after its invention , ‘ six 's ’ [stayed] a popular house and garden thermometer .

, a wealthy woman interested in the women 's suffrage movement , and one of the founders of Girton College , Cambridge , who remained her lifelong friend and benefactress .
, a wealthy woman interested in the women 's suffrage movement , and one of the founders of girton college , cambridge , who [stayed] her lifelong friend and benefactress .

After training , Glen , accompanied by his wife , went as a missionary to Astrakhan , in southern Russia , where he remained for five years .
after training , glen , accompanied by his wife , went as a missionary to astrakhan , in southern russia , where he [stayed] for five years .

He remained prominent in the Photographic Society , and contributed to its annual exhibitions until 1862 , when he gave up photography completely , and sold all his negatives and equipment .
he [stayed] prominent in the photographic society , and contributed to its annual exhibitions until 1862 , when he gave up photography completely , and sold all his negatives and equipment .

Bearded and dignified , Aitken was an original thinker who remained outside the mainstream of scientific activity .
bearded and dignified , aitken was an original thinker who [stayed] outside the mainstream of scientific activity .

Although he was not restored to the bench after his return to the county , he remained an influential figure in local politics .
although he was not restored to the bench after his return to the county , he [stayed] an influential figure in local politics .

During the war Grosvenor remained neutral ; he is not to be confused with his eldest son , Richard Grosvenor esquire , who played a prominent part in the royalist defence of Chester .
during the war grosvenor [stayed] neutral ; he is not to be confused with his eldest son , richard grosvenor esquire , who played a prominent part in the royalist defence of chester .

The Hill of Dreams , one of the period 's most remarkable and decadent novels , was completed in 1897 but remained unpublished for ten years .
the hill of dreams , one of the period 's most remarkable and decadent novels , was completed in 1897 but [stayed] unpublished for ten years .

He remained there until he was dismissed in 1844 .
he [stayed] there until he was dismissed in 1844 .

He left Afghanistan in 1838 and during the ensuing British invasion remained in Sind , writing up his researches and travels for publication in London ( Ariana Antiqua , 1841 , and Narrative of Various Journeys , 3 vols .
he left afghanistan in 1838 and during the ensuing british invasion [stayed] in sind , writing up his researches and travels for publication in london ( ariana antiqua , 1841 , and narrative of various journeys , 3 vols .

He was living in Bridgeman 's house at Teddington some months before Bridgeman 's death on 25 June 1674 , and remained with Bridgeman 's widow until his own death later in the same year .
he was living in bridgeman 's house at teddington some months before bridgeman 's death on 25 june 1674 , and [stayed] with bridgeman 's widow until his own death later in the same year .

Virtually nothing is known of Freeman 's early years ; he shrouded his early life in great mystery and even the details of his secondary schooling — which apparently took place at a boarding-school in north London — remained unknown to his closest relatives .
virtually nothing is known of freeman 's early years ; he shrouded his early life in great mystery and even the details of his secondary schooling — which apparently took place at a boarding-school in north london — [stayed] unknown to his closest relatives .

After his recovery he returned to England , whee he remained for the rest of his life , becoming a naturalized Englishman .
after his recovery he returned to england , whee he [stayed] for the rest of his life , becoming a naturalized englishman .

Messel remained a bachelor and lived in the works at Silvertown until he retired .
messel [stayed] a bachelor and lived in the works at silvertown until he retired .

Hilfield remained his centre until his death .
hilfield [stayed] his centre until his death .

Marconi remained an Italian citizen throughout his life .
marconi [stayed] an italian citizen throughout his life .

In 1888 Sarawak , Brunei , and British North Borneo were all brought under British protection , but there was no interference with the internal government of the country , which remained essentially under the personal rule of the raja .
in 1888 sarawak , brunei , and british north borneo were all brought under british protection , but there was no interference with the internal government of the country , which [stayed] essentially under the personal rule of the raja .

He remained a trainee assistant to Stahl for about three years , and then served as Boyle 's assistant for ten years , moving to London with him in 1668 .
he [stayed] a trainee assistant to stahl for about three years , and then served as boyle 's assistant for ten years , moving to london with him in 1668 .

His business was ( and remained ) making chemical medicines , but he was soon designated to run the university chemical laboratory projected as part of the Ashmolean Museum .
his business was ( and [stayed] ) making chemical medicines , but he was soon designated to run the university chemical laboratory projected as part of the ashmolean museum .

In 1924 Winifred Nicholson purchased Bankshead , a stone farmhouse built over the remains of a Roman mile-castle on Hadrian 's wall , and this unusual residence remained her home all her life .
in 1924 winifred nicholson purchased bankshead , a stone farmhouse built over the remains of a roman mile-castle on hadrian 's wall , and this unusual residence [stayed] her home all her life .

He remained in The Hague , 1751–7 , where he established friendships with the British minister , Joseph Yorke ( later Baron Dover ) and his brother Philip ( Viscount Royston and later second Earl of Hardwicke ) [ qq.v . ]
he [stayed] in the hague , 1751–7 , where he established friendships with the british minister , joseph yorke ( later baron dover ) and his brother philip ( viscount royston and later second earl of hardwicke ) [ qq.v . ]

He remained in Stockholm until 1773 .
he [stayed] in stockholm until 1773 .

Although he lacked the control over the southern kingdoms which might have put him on Bede 's famous list of kings holding imperium in the south , he remained a formidable ruler , with the resources to endow the church lavishly and to raise the navy which must have been necessary for his invasion of Ireland .
although he lacked the control over the southern kingdoms which might have put him on bede 's famous list of kings holding imperium in the south , he [stayed] a formidable ruler , with the resources to endow the church lavishly and to raise the navy which must have been necessary for his invasion of ireland .

What remained of his collection of English water-colours was transferred to the Uffizi art gallery , Florence , in 1963 .
what [stayed] of his collection of english water-colours was transferred to the uffizi art gallery , florence , in 1963 .

He launched what became ( from February 1666 ) the London Gazette , which remained the government newspaper until well into the next century .
he launched what became ( from february 1666 ) the london gazette , which [stayed] the government newspaper until well into the next century .

In January 1884 he became senior mathematics master at Blairlodge School , Stirlingshire ; in January 1885 he was appointed mathematical master ( later head of mathematics ) at King Edward 's High School , Birmingham , where he remained until his retirement in March 1920 .
in january 1884 he became senior mathematics master at blairlodge school , stirlingshire ; in january 1885 he was appointed mathematical master ( later head of mathematics ) at king edward 's high school , birmingham , where he [stayed] until his retirement in march 1920 .

He remained with Champneys until 1880 , but it soon became clear that architecture would never be his chief preoccupation .
he [stayed] with champneys until 1880 , but it soon became clear that architecture would never be his chief preoccupation .

Scott 's role and salary remained unaltered , although his designation became secretary to the council , a position he occupied until his retirement in 1900 .
scott 's role and salary [stayed] unaltered , although his designation became secretary to the council , a position he occupied until his retirement in 1900 .

The East Indies remained a primary destination for Thornton 's British registered ships — for example , in 1857 six ships traded between London , Java , and Singapore .
the east indies [stayed] a primary destination for thornton 's british registered ships — for example , in 1857 six ships traded between london , java , and singapore .

Brought up in a Nonconformist household , he remained deeply religious .
brought up in a nonconformist household , he [stayed] deeply religious .

He always remained a Catholic , with a remarkable capacity for organization , straightforward , provocative oratory , and a markedly shrewd political instinct .
he always [stayed] a catholic , with a remarkable capacity for organization , straightforward , provocative oratory , and a markedly shrewd political instinct .

, and although in his political radicalism Doherty went beyond Cobbett , the attack upon ‘ Old Corruption ’ always remained an essential part of his attack upon contemporary society .
, and although in his political radicalism doherty went beyond cobbett , the attack upon ‘ old corruption ’ always [stayed] an essential part of his attack upon contemporary society .

As a means of livelihood compatible with his politics , Doherty set up as a publisher , bookseller , and printer in Manchester from 1832 , and he seems to have remained in this business until his death .
as a means of livelihood compatible with his politics , doherty set up as a publisher , bookseller , and printer in manchester from 1832 , and he seems to have [stayed] in this business until his death .

On reaching London in April 1648 , Crowe was sent to the Tower , where he remained until 1656 .
on reaching london in april 1648 , crowe was sent to the tower , where he [stayed] until 1656 .

He remained in India , except for a posting in Aden from 1840 to 1843 , until 1850 — with one leave in England .
he [stayed] in india , except for a posting in aden from 1840 to 1843 , until 1850 — with one leave in england .

The sultanates of Muscat and Zanzibar had recently been separated by the terms of the Canning award , but Majid 's position remained insecure ; in 1859 his half-brothers Thuwayn of Muscat and Barghash , who was to succeed Majid as sultan , attempted to capture Zanzibar .
the sultanates of muscat and zanzibar had recently been separated by the terms of the canning award , but majid 's position [stayed] insecure ; in 1859 his half-brothers thuwayn of muscat and barghash , who was to succeed majid as sultan , attempted to capture zanzibar .

His reputedly Herculean virility long remained a byword throughout the district over which he held sway .
his reputedly herculean virility long [stayed] a byword throughout the district over which he held sway .

The manor and parsonage of Hackness in the North Riding were purchased for the couple , and remained Margaret 's property after the death of Devereux at the siege of Rouen in 1591 .
the manor and parsonage of hackness in the north riding were purchased for the couple , and [stayed] margaret 's property after the death of devereux at the siege of rouen in 1591 .

Andrew 's commentaries remained available in Paris .
andrew 's commentaries [stayed] available in paris .

She remained there for four years , confined to a cell that would allow her neither to sit nor lie down : it was closed by a large stone that could be moved only by Roger .
she [stayed] there for four years , confined to a cell that would allow her neither to sit nor lie down : it was closed by a large stone that could be moved only by roger .

’ In Albania she was known as the queen of the mountaineers , and streets there have remained named after her through all changes of regime .
’ in albania she was known as the queen of the mountaineers , and streets there have [stayed] named after her through all changes of regime .

There he remained until his death 9 February 1871 .
there he [stayed] until his death 9 february 1871 .

He played a prominent part in the society 's business in the late 1660s and early 1670s , but although he remained associated with practical optics his only communication was a ‘ Discourse on Cider ’ which was printed by John Evelyn [ q.v . ]
he played a prominent part in the society 's business in the late 1660s and early 1670s , but although he [stayed] associated with practical optics his only communication was a ‘ discourse on cider ’ which was printed by john evelyn [ q.v . ]

He remained curate of Wirksworth for the rest of his life , working with four successive vicars .
he [stayed] curate of wirksworth for the rest of his life , working with four successive vicars .

With his nickname and reputation he remained a Dublin legend after his death .
with his nickname and reputation he [stayed] a dublin legend after his death .

Her autobiography remained in manuscript , but copies began to circulate and in 1760 it was published in a frequently reprinted collection of conversion narratives .
her autobiography [stayed] in manuscript , but copies began to circulate and in 1760 it was published in a frequently reprinted collection of conversion narratives .

But his gift of friendship remained , reinforced by his marriage in 1898 to Alice Marie , daughter of Harrison Davis , of old New England Puritan stock .
but his gift of friendship [stayed] , reinforced by his marriage in 1898 to alice marie , daughter of harrison davis , of old new england puritan stock .

He remained a frequent lecturer in the parish church of Allhallows , and in March 1652 he was appointed to the sequestered rectory of St Botolph 's Bishopsgate .
he [stayed] a frequent lecturer in the parish church of allhallows , and in march 1652 he was appointed to the sequestered rectory of st botolph 's bishopsgate .

But his power as a preacher was widely recognized , and he remained true to his faith in the holy spirit as the sole guide for believers .
but his power as a preacher was widely recognized , and he [stayed] true to his faith in the holy spirit as the sole guide for believers .

This delusion remained with him for life .
this delusion [stayed] with him for life .

Brown remained her adviser for over a decade , although she also sought occasional assistance from the painter ( Sir ) Edward Burne-Jones [ q.v . ]
brown [stayed] her adviser for over a decade , although she also sought occasional assistance from the painter ( sir ) edward burne-jones [ q.v . ]

The following year he registered for study in philosophy and theology at the University of Leyden and , apart from a brief return to Rostock , remained in The Netherlands until he took up a post at the University of Copenhagen in June 1648 .
the following year he registered for study in philosophy and theology at the university of leyden and , apart from a brief return to rostock , [stayed] in the netherlands until he took up a post at the university of copenhagen in june 1648 .

He remained there for about two years before returning to England in July 1657 to take up a position as mathematics tutor to Joscelyne Percy , son of Algernon Percy , tenth Earl of Northumberland [ q.v . ]
he [stayed] there for about two years before returning to england in july 1657 to take up a position as mathematics tutor to joscelyne percy , son of algernon percy , tenth earl of northumberland [ q.v . ]

Amongst his books , Freedom after Ejection , a Review ( 1690–1692 ) of Presbyterian and Congregational Nonconformity in England and Wales ( 1917 ) , and The Cheshire Classis Minutes 1691–1745 ( 1919 ) remained standard works , and his Heads of English Unitarian History ( 1895 ) was reissued in 1970 .
amongst his books , freedom after ejection , a review ( 1690–1692 ) of presbyterian and congregational nonconformity in england and wales ( 1917 ) , and the cheshire classis minutes 1691–1745 ( 1919 ) [stayed] standard works , and his heads of english unitarian history ( 1895 ) was reissued in 1970 .

At the same time he set up in practice as a consulting engineer and naval architect in London , where he remained until his death .
at the same time he set up in practice as a consulting engineer and naval architect in london , where he [stayed] until his death .

She retired from the chairmanship in 1951 but remained active in the association into her nineties .
she retired from the chairmanship in 1951 but [stayed] active in the association into her nineties .

Strikingly beautiful in her youth , she remained handsome and well-dressed in her old age .
strikingly beautiful in her youth , she [stayed] handsome and well-dressed in her old age .

At the age of twenty-one he became a captain of his father 's ships and remained at sea until 1818 , acquiring a worldwide knowledge of shipping and navigation .
at the age of twenty-one he became a captain of his father 's ships and [stayed] at sea until 1818 , acquiring a worldwide knowledge of shipping and navigation .

Compulsory regular attendance at services in King 's College chapel may account for numerous biblical references in later poems ; Sorley was deeply religious in the philosophical sense but always remained out of tune with conventional belief .
compulsory regular attendance at services in king 's college chapel may account for numerous biblical references in later poems ; sorley was deeply religious in the philosophical sense but always [stayed] out of tune with conventional belief .

, and he remained a member until 1610 , when it split into two parts — one led by Johnson and the other by Henry Ainsworth [ q.v . ]
, and he [stayed] a member until 1610 , when it split into two parts — one led by johnson and the other by henry ainsworth [ q.v . ]

Although his family remained Ainsworthians , Offwood subsequently joined the Dutch Reformed Church , and there he stayed until 18 April 1629 , when he moved to the English Reformed Church of Amsterdam — a congregation affiliated with the Dutch Reformed Church , pastored by John Paget [ q.v . ]
although his family [stayed] ainsworthians , offwood subsequently joined the dutch reformed church , and there he stayed until 18 april 1629 , when he moved to the english reformed church of amsterdam — a congregation affiliated with the dutch reformed church , pastored by john paget [ q.v . ]

This group 's views increasingly tended towards the emerging Congregationalist conception of church polity , whereas Paget and the rest remained strongly attached to the Reformed position .
this group 's views increasingly tended towards the emerging congregationalist conception of church polity , whereas paget and the rest [stayed] strongly attached to the reformed position .

Gaskell was actively involved with the firm until the 1870s , after which he remained a director until November 1890 , when it was absorbed into the United Alkali Co .
gaskell was actively involved with the firm until the 1870s , after which he [stayed] a director until november 1890 , when it was absorbed into the united alkali co .

Proast 's friends found preferment for him : in 1692 as ecclesiastical law officer for Berkshire , and in 1698 archdeacon of Berkshire , which he remained until his death .
proast 's friends found preferment for him : in 1692 as ecclesiastical law officer for berkshire , and in 1698 archdeacon of berkshire , which he [stayed] until his death .

In May 1794 he was tried and acquitted of publishing a seditious address in the Northern Star , and remained a proprietor of the newspaper until its suppression in May 1797 .
in may 1794 he was tried and acquitted of publishing a seditious address in the northern star , and [stayed] a proprietor of the newspaper until its suppression in may 1797 .

He always remained in close touch with the French Protestant community in London and many of his works have bilingual titles .
he always [stayed] in close touch with the french protestant community in london and many of his works have bilingual titles .

There he remained at three successive addresses until his death .
there he [stayed] at three successive addresses until his death .

As the son of a Protestant immigrant , and a pivotal figure in the international Calvinist republic of letters , Calandrini remained actively involved in relief work for European co-religionists until his death in London 26 September 1665 .
as the son of a protestant immigrant , and a pivotal figure in the international calvinist republic of letters , calandrini [stayed] actively involved in relief work for european co-religionists until his death in london 26 september 1665 .

Clerke had a shallop built for exploration of the harbours of south-eastern Newfoundland , and fortunately it remained on tow when the ships left for the mainland .
clerke had a shallop built for exploration of the harbours of south-eastern newfoundland , and fortunately it [stayed] on tow when the ships left for the mainland .

He stayed with Arrol for a further four years as director and chief engineer before joining in 1949 Freeman , Fox & Partners , with whom he remained until his retirement in 1969 .
he stayed with arrol for a further four years as director and chief engineer before joining in 1949 freeman , fox & partners , with whom he [stayed] until his retirement in 1969 .

1742 ) , were also masons , the former practising in the Bristol area and the latter in London ; but William , the most successful member of the family , remained in Oxford and became the leading master mason in the town during a particularly active phase in its architectural history .
1742 ) , were also masons , the former practising in the bristol area and the latter in london ; but william , the most successful member of the family , [stayed] in oxford and became the leading master mason in the town during a particularly active phase in its architectural history .

He twice took ten wickets in an innings , and his analysis of ten wickets for ten runs against Nottinghamshire in 1932 , including the hat trick , remained a world record .
he twice took ten wickets in an innings , and his analysis of ten wickets for ten runs against nottinghamshire in 1932 , including the hat trick , [stayed] a world record .

On 21 December 1922 he was transferred to the City of London Mental Hospital , Dartford , Kent , where he remained until his death .
on 21 december 1922 he was transferred to the city of london mental hospital , dartford , kent , where he [stayed] until his death .

In 1863 Turner 's third son , William , assumed control of the Hammersmith Iron Works , but Turner remained involved in the business into the 1870s , in particular over the additions to the Winter Garden at Regent 's Park and those to the curvilinear range at the National Botanic Gardens , Dublin .
in 1863 turner 's third son , william , assumed control of the hammersmith iron works , but turner [stayed] involved in the business into the 1870s , in particular over the additions to the winter garden at regent 's park and those to the curvilinear range at the national botanic gardens , dublin .

However , after his stepfather 's death in 1859 , when he came into a comfortable inheritance , Wallis never again made the same artistic impact , though he remained an Academy exhibitor until 1877 .
however , after his stepfather 's death in 1859 , when he came into a comfortable inheritance , wallis never again made the same artistic impact , though he [stayed] an academy exhibitor until 1877 .

He profited initially from exports of English wool through Calais , and he remained heavily involved there : he was mayor of the Staple in 1552 , 1555 ( when he entertained King Philip of Spain in the city ) , and 1558 .
he profited initially from exports of english wool through calais , and he [stayed] heavily involved there : he was mayor of the staple in 1552 , 1555 ( when he entertained king philip of spain in the city ) , and 1558 .

It remained for an establishment scientist , Thomas Young [ q.v . ]
it [stayed] for an establishment scientist , thomas young [ q.v . ]

Though Havell was away from Britain between 1916 and 1923 as a member of the British legation in Copenhagen , ‘ India was his first and remained his only love .
though havell was away from britain between 1916 and 1923 as a member of the british legation in copenhagen , ‘ india was his first and [stayed] his only love .

She left Scotland in 1797 for London , where she remained until granted , in 1803 , apartments in Hampton Court Palace .
she left scotland in 1797 for london , where she [stayed] until granted , in 1803 , apartments in hampton court palace .

Strangely , he played only seventeen times for England , and his 182 , not out , in 1921 remained the highest test score against Australia in England for seventeen years .
strangely , he played only seventeen times for england , and his 182 , not out , in 1921 [stayed] the highest test score against australia in england for seventeen years .

In 1285 he was elected prior after the resignation of Thomas de Ringmere , and he remained in charge for the next forty-seven years .
in 1285 he was elected prior after the resignation of thomas de ringmere , and he [stayed] in charge for the next forty-seven years .

Opinion remained hostile towards Thornton ; he had to be protected from the London crowds during the hearings there , and back in Bromwich he was hated .
opinion [stayed] hostile towards thornton ; he had to be protected from the london crowds during the hearings there , and back in bromwich he was hated .

In 1866 he moved to 11 Nelson Street , where he remained until his death , turning 24 Hardy Street into a private nursing home .
in 1866 he moved to 11 nelson street , where he [stayed] until his death , turning 24 hardy street into a private nursing home .

Petty was not considered active or dangerous enough to be arrested with the other Leveller leaders in late March 1649 , although he was later named as a leader of those who remained at large .
petty was not considered active or dangerous enough to be arrested with the other leveller leaders in late march 1649 , although he was later named as a leader of those who [stayed] at large .

Brearley retired from Brown Bayley in 1925 , though he remained a director .
brearley retired from brown bayley in 1925 , though he [stayed] a director .

He remained in this post until 1658 , but the real work was undertaken by William Petty , for whom Worsley developed a deep jealousy .
he [stayed] in this post until 1658 , but the real work was undertaken by william petty , for whom worsley developed a deep jealousy .

This he accepted in 1862 and remained there for the rest of his life , being left free to pursue his own research .
this he accepted in 1862 and [stayed] there for the rest of his life , being left free to pursue his own research .

She remained active and intellectually alert until well into her eighties , a much-loved figure who was often seen cycling about in north Oxford on her many errands , still pursuing her Edwardian aim of using friendly personal contact to draw together paid and voluntary welfare worker , town and gown , rich and poor .
she [stayed] active and intellectually alert until well into her eighties , a much-loved figure who was often seen cycling about in north oxford on her many errands , still pursuing her edwardian aim of using friendly personal contact to draw together paid and voluntary welfare worker , town and gown , rich and poor .

Langdon became curate of Tithby in Nottinghamshire , probably in 1603 , and remained there until his death .
langdon became curate of tithby in nottinghamshire , probably in 1603 , and [stayed] there until his death .

In charge of works after the collapse of the central tower in 1237–9 he remained chief master at least until Christmas 1257 , described as ‘ cementarius magister operis ’ and ‘ magister fabrice ’ .
in charge of works after the collapse of the central tower in 1237–9 he [stayed] chief master at least until christmas 1257 , described as ‘ cementarius magister operis ’ and ‘ magister fabrice ’ .

Like many of the Impressionists , Sisley experienced stylistic difficulties towards the end of the 1870s , but he remained faithful to the technique of Impressionism .
like many of the impressionists , sisley experienced stylistic difficulties towards the end of the 1870s , but he [stayed] faithful to the technique of impressionism .

During the last two decades of his life Sisley remained independent , although not unaware , of developments in Paris .
during the last two decades of his life sisley [stayed] independent , although not unaware , of developments in paris .

He remained in Birmingham until 1801 .
he [stayed] in birmingham until 1801 .

John Bridge remained a partner in the firm until his death .
john bridge [stayed] a partner in the firm until his death .

In business for himself , first near St Paul 's , but by 1812 firmly established at the Royal Exchange in Cornhill ( where he remained for the rest of his career , apart from an enforced absence during the rebuilding of 1838–44 ) , Wilson became the determined champion of a free press — ‘ It is like the air we breathe ; if we have it not , we die .
in business for himself , first near st paul 's , but by 1812 firmly established at the royal exchange in cornhill ( where he [stayed] for the rest of his career , apart from an enforced absence during the rebuilding of 1838–44 ) , wilson became the determined champion of a free press — ‘ it is like the air we breathe ; if we have it not , we die .

He remained very close to Edward , particularly as the king 's negotiator with the Scots , until June 1321 , when , at Sherburn in Yorkshire , he deserted to the baronial party which was forming against the two Despensers .
he [stayed] very close to edward , particularly as the king 's negotiator with the scots , until june 1321 , when , at sherburn in yorkshire , he deserted to the baronial party which was forming against the two despensers .

He bought the manor of Dorney , Buckinghamshire , in 1542 , but continued to live mainly in London and remained an active merchant all his life .
he bought the manor of dorney , buckinghamshire , in 1542 , but continued to live mainly in london and [stayed] an active merchant all his life .

Constitutionally disinclined to surrender preferment , being , as he once observed , ‘ of a modest if not of a retiring disposition ’ , he remained librarian until 1952 .
constitutionally disinclined to surrender preferment , being , as he once observed , ‘ of a modest if not of a retiring disposition ’ , he [stayed] librarian until 1952 .

She remained an indispensable member of William 's household after his marriage ( 1802 ) , sharing the vicissitudes of the family circle , and proving that the role of housekeeper and copyist was not incompatible with her own creative life .
she [stayed] an indispensable member of william 's household after his marriage ( 1802 ) , sharing the vicissitudes of the family circle , and proving that the role of housekeeper and copyist was not incompatible with her own creative life .

Her sympathies and pursuits remained largely unchanged when the family moved to Rydal Mount ( 1813 ) .
her sympathies and pursuits [stayed] largely unchanged when the family moved to rydal mount ( 1813 ) .

Her brother Joshua moved to Herefordshire in 1822 and remained there until 1841 , when he returned to London , where he remained until his death in 1847 .
her brother joshua moved to herefordshire in 1822 and [stayed] there until 1841 , when he returned to london , where he [stayed] until his death in 1847 .

He remained in York 's employment until the Restoration , first in the French and then in the Spanish armies , and became his groom of the Stole and one of his closest friends .
he [stayed] in york 's employment until the restoration , first in the french and then in the spanish armies , and became his groom of the stole and one of his closest friends .

She was awarded the Jubilee medal and the cross of St John of Jerusalem and remained closely associated with district nursing until she and her husband retired to Walton-on-the-Naze in 1918 .
she was awarded the jubilee medal and the cross of st john of jerusalem and [stayed] closely associated with district nursing until she and her husband retired to walton-on-the-naze in 1918 .

After the Restoration she remained active .
after the restoration she [stayed] active .

After the deaths of her father in 1789 and her mother in 1793 she remained at Twickenham , living with her scholarly brother Henry and a friend , Margaret Mitchell .
after the deaths of her father in 1789 and her mother in 1793 she [stayed] at twickenham , living with her scholarly brother henry and a friend , margaret mitchell .

These demands , however , were never implemented and Beaumont remained prominent at Edward 's court until 1323 .
these demands , however , were never implemented and beaumont [stayed] prominent at edward 's court until 1323 .

Three years later James Walker , a past president of the Institution of Civil Engineers , appointed him principal assistant in his London office , where he remained until the beginning of 1862 .
three years later james walker , a past president of the institution of civil engineers , appointed him principal assistant in his london office , where he [stayed] until the beginning of 1862 .

The heat and light of the Mediterranean inspired him to paint his most exuberant and expressive landscapes , but they remained largely unseen .
the heat and light of the mediterranean inspired him to paint his most exuberant and expressive landscapes , but they [stayed] largely unseen .

In 1861 she became headmistress of the Davison Infant School , where she remained until 1873 .
in 1861 she became headmistress of the davison infant school , where she [stayed] until 1873 .

By 1768 Freeth had become landlord of the Leicester Arms , Birmingham , where he remained until his death in 1808 .
by 1768 freeth had become landlord of the leicester arms , birmingham , where he [stayed] until his death in 1808 .

He remained in France until 1915 .
he [stayed] in france until 1915 .

In 1811 he won the competition for a complex of buildings in Plymouth consisting of a hotel , assembly rooms , and theatre ; and , his success with this important commission establishing his local reputation , he moved to Plymouth and remained for twenty-five years the leading architect of the neighbourhood .
in 1811 he won the competition for a complex of buildings in plymouth consisting of a hotel , assembly rooms , and theatre ; and , his success with this important commission establishing his local reputation , he moved to plymouth and [stayed] for twenty-five years the leading architect of the neighbourhood .

He had apparently kept diaries from the beginning of 1870 until his death , but he remained totally unknown to the public until the publication of a selection from these diaries in a three-volume edition , edited by William Plomer [ q.v . ]
he had apparently kept diaries from the beginning of 1870 until his death , but he [stayed] totally unknown to the public until the publication of a selection from these diaries in a three-volume edition , edited by william plomer [ q.v . ]

After 1795 — when the United Irish Society went underground as an armed , revolutionary movement — Robert remained prominent .
after 1795 — when the united irish society went underground as an armed , revolutionary movement — robert [stayed] prominent .

While others deserted , Fitzjohn remained with Montfort to the end , bringing with him several Buckinghamshire and Northamptonshire knights .
while others deserted , fitzjohn [stayed] with montfort to the end , bringing with him several buckinghamshire and northamptonshire knights .

Although Barber found himself in the political wilderness with the Tories ' fall from power after the death of Queen Anne in 1715 , he remained loyal to his friends and true to his Tory principles .
although barber found himself in the political wilderness with the tories ' fall from power after the death of queen anne in 1715 , he [stayed] loyal to his friends and true to his tory principles .

, with whom he remained on very close terms .
, with whom he [stayed] on very close terms .

He was a firm adherent of the parliamentary cause and , following the final break between the king and Parliament in 1642 , he remained at Westminster to serve the House of Lords there .
he was a firm adherent of the parliamentary cause and , following the final break between the king and parliament in 1642 , he [stayed] at westminster to serve the house of lords there .

Although the amount of his fine was fixed at 2,000 marks as early as October 1292 , he remained in prison in the Tower and later in Winchester Castle till 1294 , when his release was obtained in return for a promise by Henry and his sureties to pay the fine off at the rate of 300 marks a year .
although the amount of his fine was fixed at 2,000 marks as early as october 1292 , he [stayed] in prison in the tower and later in winchester castle till 1294 , when his release was obtained in return for a promise by henry and his sureties to pay the fine off at the rate of 300 marks a year .

After a dispute with the Chinese authorities Hart left China on leave in 1908 and never returned , although he remained titular head of the Customs Service until his death in 1911 .
after a dispute with the chinese authorities hart left china on leave in 1908 and never returned , although he [stayed] titular head of the customs service until his death in 1911 .

The older generation of both families remained in London ; the new partnership was managed by Joseph Nettlefold , his elder brother Edward , and the younger Joseph Chamberlain .
the older generation of both families [stayed] in london ; the new partnership was managed by joseph nettlefold , his elder brother edward , and the younger joseph chamberlain .

He now immersed himself in university life and history , and remained at St Edmund Hall for the next thirty years .
he now immersed himself in university life and history , and [stayed] at st edmund hall for the next thirty years .

Much of Marion Newbigin 's work was directly educational , and her An Introduction to Physical Geography ( 1912 ) remained a student stand-by for many years .
much of marion newbigin 's work was directly educational , and her an introduction to physical geography ( 1912 ) [stayed] a student stand-by for many years .

Being unfit for service , and to escape the danger of bombing , Firbank moved to rooms in the High Street , Oxford , in October 1915 , and remained there until September 1919 .
being unfit for service , and to escape the danger of bombing , firbank moved to rooms in the high street , oxford , in october 1915 , and [stayed] there until september 1919 .

After his father died in 1835 , leaving the business to him , he remained in Liverpool until 1841 , when he moved to Manchester and at the same time entered into partnership with another Liverpool optician under the name Abraham & Dancer .
after his father died in 1835 , leaving the business to him , he [stayed] in liverpool until 1841 , when he moved to manchester and at the same time entered into partnership with another liverpool optician under the name abraham & dancer .

When Bradley died in July 1762 , Green remained at Greenwich as assistant to Nathaniel Bliss [ q.v . ]
when bradley died in july 1762 , green [stayed] at greenwich as assistant to nathaniel bliss [ q.v . ]

Ways of organising struggles that were appropriate to a phase of economic growth and full employment must now be reviewed and revised ; although the scope and diversity of trade union education have remained admirably broad even under the impact of the crisis , defence of past achievements must as ever be supported by an appraisal of shortcomings and deficiencies .
ways of organising struggles that were appropriate to a phase of economic growth and full employment must now be reviewed and revised ; although the scope and diversity of trade union education have [stayed] admirably broad even under the impact of the crisis , defence of past achievements must as ever be supported by an appraisal of shortcomings and deficiencies .

Clare , if she had any sense ( which seemed questionable ) , must realize that a person of his background and way of life would scarcely have remained pure .
clare , if she had any sense ( which seemed questionable ) , must realize that a person of his background and way of life would scarcely have [stayed] pure .

Clare stretched out flat , but he remained sitting upright , one arm locked behind him .
clare stretched out flat , but he [stayed] sitting upright , one arm locked behind him .

Clare remained supine , her eyes closed , paralysed by an utter confusion , a sense of the inadequacy of any reaction . Not for a second did she doubt the truth of what he was saying , but to gain time she licked her dry lips and croaked :
clare [stayed] supine , her eyes closed , paralysed by an utter confusion , a sense of the inadequacy of any reaction . not for a second did she doubt the truth of what he was saying , but to gain time she licked her dry lips and croaked :

The mystery remained .
the mystery [stayed] .

The Act was not amended by the Race Relations Act 1976 , which meant that the mental element required for the commission of the offence remained restricted to intention to cause racial hatred , as opposed to the likelihood that racial hatred would be stirred up .
the act was not amended by the race relations act 1976 , which meant that the mental element required for the commission of the offence [stayed] restricted to intention to cause racial hatred , as opposed to the likelihood that racial hatred would be stirred up .

The appellants left when requested by the police to do so , but remained loitering outside the door of the club .
the appellants left when requested by the police to do so , but [stayed] loitering outside the door of the club .

Haviland and Clark found that the reaction time difference between the two conditions remained and therefore concluded that the additional time taken to comprehend the target sentence in the indirect antecedent condition arose because of the need to draw a bridging inference .
haviland and clark found that the reaction time difference between the two conditions [stayed] and therefore concluded that the additional time taken to comprehend the target sentence in the indirect antecedent condition arose because of the need to draw a bridging inference .

Note that the inflection occurring with the transposed lexical item has remained in its grammatically correct position , rather than moving with the base item to which it would normally have been attached .
note that the inflection occurring with the transposed lexical item has [stayed] in its grammatically correct position , rather than moving with the base item to which it would normally have been attached .

For all aspects of specifically linguistic processing , however , it remained the case that , in almost all people , the left hemisphere was the important one ; and so in people with acquired disorders of language it was almost always the case that the left hemisphere had been damaged .
for all aspects of specifically linguistic processing , however , it [stayed] the case that , in almost all people , the left hemisphere was the important one ; and so in people with acquired disorders of language it was almost always the case that the left hemisphere had been damaged .

Suppose the lexical procedure had been damaged whilst the non-lexical procedure remained intact .
suppose the lexical procedure had been damaged whilst the non-lexical procedure [stayed] intact .

Unless war threatened , or there was a dramatic increase in the price of petrol , the national level remained the principal focus of political attention for both public and elites .
unless war threatened , or there was a dramatic increase in the price of petrol , the national level [stayed] the principal focus of political attention for both public and elites .

Since it eventually joined the Community in 1973 , Britain has remained an ‘ awkward partner ’ , supporting completion of the single market but opposing closer political , monetary and social integration ( George , 1990 ) .
since it eventually joined the community in 1973 , britain has [stayed] an ‘ awkward partner ’ , supporting completion of the single market but opposing closer political , monetary and social integration ( george , 1990 ) .

However , these recommendations have yet to be taken up by the profession and corporate reports in the business sector have largely remained concerned with fulfilling the statutory duties relating to reporting profit and loss .
however , these recommendations have yet to be taken up by the profession and corporate reports in the business sector have largely [stayed] concerned with fulfilling the statutory duties relating to reporting profit and loss .

Japanese influence remained strong in Korea until 1945 , so it was only natural that some of the Japanese martial arts would filter through .
japanese influence [stayed] strong in korea until 1945 , so it was only natural that some of the japanese martial arts would filter through .

His blowpipe remained behind , like the Cheshire Cat 's smile .
his blowpipe [stayed] behind , like the cheshire cat 's smile .

Only his wife remained , a scrawny figure with gold-rimmed spectacles half-way down her nose , presiding like a recording angel over her ledgers .
only his wife [stayed] , a scrawny figure with gold-rimmed spectacles half-way down her nose , presiding like a recording angel over her ledgers .

This accounted for Washington 's disparaging view of various ‘ zones of peace ’ advocated by Soviet leaders in the 1950s and 1960s , which were intended for regions where the Western states remained militarily preponderant .
this accounted for washington 's disparaging view of various ‘ zones of peace ’ advocated by soviet leaders in the 1950s and 1960s , which were intended for regions where the western states [stayed] militarily preponderant .

The primary object of Brezhnev 's speech remained the United States and other Western states rather than India .
the primary object of brezhnev 's speech [stayed] the united states and other western states rather than india .

But since the political and military access of the Soviet Union to the core Gulf states remained limited , the implementation of Brezhnev 's proposals would have had clearly asymmetric strategic consequences for the Great Powers , to the detriment of the West .
but since the political and military access of the soviet union to the core gulf states [stayed] limited , the implementation of brezhnev 's proposals would have had clearly asymmetric strategic consequences for the great powers , to the detriment of the west .

Any arrangement for the Persian Gulf involving superpower guarantees would also legitimise a Soviet involvement in this region , a development which American officials have remained loath to accept .
any arrangement for the persian gulf involving superpower guarantees would also legitimise a soviet involvement in this region , a development which american officials have [stayed] loath to accept .

In reality the non-aligned states could not agree on any formula endorsing the Soviet proposals to neutralise the Persian Gulf since the primary Gulf states remained opposed to any security arrangement imposed by foreign powers .
in reality the non-aligned states could not agree on any formula endorsing the soviet proposals to neutralise the persian gulf since the primary gulf states [stayed] opposed to any security arrangement imposed by foreign powers .

The Afghan President Mohammed Daoud described the most recent adoption of such a protocol in December 1975 as indicating the ‘ vitality ’ of the 1931 document which remained ‘ the stable basis of friendship and fruitful cooperation ’ between the neighbour states .
the afghan president mohammed daoud described the most recent adoption of such a protocol in december 1975 as indicating the ‘ vitality ’ of the 1931 document which [stayed] ‘ the stable basis of friendship and fruitful cooperation ’ between the neighbour states .

In their view a Soviet troop withdrawal remained the key to a settlement and the possibility of a ‘ neutral Afghanistan ’ could only arise consequent to that .
in their view a soviet troop withdrawal [stayed] the key to a settlement and the possibility of a ‘ neutral afghanistan ’ could only arise consequent to that .

Soviet spokesmen have remained aware of the existence of indigenous constraints on such American ambitions .
soviet spokesmen have [stayed] aware of the existence of indigenous constraints on such american ambitions .

In the 1960s the Non-Aligned Movement remained uncompromising on the issue of military bases conceded ‘ in the context of Great Power conflicts ’ .
in the 1960s the non-aligned movement [stayed] uncompromising on the issue of military bases conceded ‘ in the context of great power conflicts ’ .

This claim remained unresolved .
this claim [stayed] unresolved .

In an important speech on disarmament in February 1987 Gorbachev asserted that while it remained best ‘ to revive the old idea of dismantling foreign bases and bringing the troops home ’ in the short term it would be desirable to have inspection access to American military bases on foreign territories for verification purposes ‘ to be sure that there is no activity going on there which is forbidden under an eventual agreement ’ .
in an important speech on disarmament in february 1987 gorbachev asserted that while it [stayed] best ‘ to revive the old idea of dismantling foreign bases and bringing the troops home ’ in the short term it would be desirable to have inspection access to american military bases on foreign territories for verification purposes ‘ to be sure that there is no activity going on there which is forbidden under an eventual agreement ’ .

Though he hoped he remained outwardly calm , Matthew was conscious that his spirits had taken an ominous dip .
though he hoped he [stayed] outwardly calm , matthew was conscious that his spirits had taken an ominous dip .

It appears never to have remained sufficiently constant to enable benches more than a few kilometres wide to form , at least since the beginning of the Pleistocene period .
it appears never to have [stayed] sufficiently constant to enable benches more than a few kilometres wide to form , at least since the beginning of the pleistocene period .

Finally , in very different conditions very small barchans have been observed to form in very cold ice crystals as long as the wind remained absolutely constant in direction .
finally , in very different conditions very small barchans have been observed to form in very cold ice crystals as long as the wind [stayed] absolutely constant in direction .

Those responsible for initial teacher training , for example , were apparently relieved that the Polytechnic , upon its merger with the Lady Spencer Churchill College of Education in 1975 , was not intending to leave them as a monotechnic island in the interdisciplinary sea of the Polytechnic , particularly when it remained possible ( as confirmed by subsequent experience elsewhere ) that isolation would mean a low ranking in whatever prioritization exercises the Polytechnic might be forced to undertake .
those responsible for initial teacher training , for example , were apparently relieved that the polytechnic , upon its merger with the lady spencer churchill college of education in 1975 , was not intending to leave them as a monotechnic island in the interdisciplinary sea of the polytechnic , particularly when it [stayed] possible ( as confirmed by subsequent experience elsewhere ) that isolation would mean a low ranking in whatever prioritization exercises the polytechnic might be forced to undertake .

a redefinition of the advanced module as one-tenth of the notional effort of a full-time honours degree candidate in one year ( the basic module remained as one-twelfth ) ;
a redefinition of the advanced module as one-tenth of the notional effort of a full-time honours degree candidate in one year ( the basic module [stayed] as one-twelfth ) ;

Deans and the directorate remained almost outside the review process until in March 1987 , a decision of Academic Board determined that Heads of Department , Deans and members of the directorate should have the ‘ opportunity for an annual staff development discussion ’ .
deans and the directorate [stayed] almost outside the review process until in march 1987 , a decision of academic board determined that heads of department , deans and members of the directorate should have the ‘ opportunity for an annual staff development discussion ’ .

For all this , class divisions remained , particularly in the station facilities of the larger terminals . John Pendleton reported in 1896 :
for all this , class divisions [stayed] , particularly in the station facilities of the larger terminals . john pendleton reported in 1896 :

It was after the Second World War that the class distinction in station facilities disappeared , although it remained on the trains .
it was after the second world war that the class distinction in station facilities disappeared , although it [stayed] on the trains .

As late as the 1940s , Ransome-Wallis discovered that engine-driving in Malaya remained the preserve of Scottish Eurasians .
as late as the 1940s , ransome-wallis discovered that engine-driving in malaya [stayed] the preserve of scottish eurasians .

Their votes played no small part in ensuring that Southern Rhodesia remained a British colony .
their votes played no small part in ensuring that southern rhodesia [stayed] a british colony .

employed by the Railway Administration , but by 1880 only three foreign advisers remained .
employed by the railway administration , but by 1880 only three foreign advisers [stayed] .

The railways remained vital to suburban development .
the railways [stayed] vital to suburban development .

Coal-carrying was thus from the first , and has remained both in Britain and on the Continent , one of the basic economic functions of the railway .
coal-carrying was thus from the first , and has [stayed] both in britain and on the continent , one of the basic economic functions of the railway .

Although France had a railway line from the coalfield of Saint Etienne to Lyons in 1832 , it too was slow to develop a national network , partly because of governmental reluctance to embrace the new form of transportation and also because the economy remained predominantly agricultural and the road system was more efficient and extensive than Britain 's .
although france had a railway line from the coalfield of saint etienne to lyons in 1832 , it too was slow to develop a national network , partly because of governmental reluctance to embrace the new form of transportation and also because the economy [stayed] predominantly agricultural and the road system was more efficient and extensive than britain 's .

But their industrialization remained partial because of an entrenched semi-feudal agrarian system and large peasant populations .
but their industrialization [stayed] partial because of an entrenched semi-feudal agrarian system and large peasant populations .

Spain and Hungary , despite the presence of the railways , remained industrially backward , with comparatively little development by 1914 .
spain and hungary , despite the presence of the railways , [stayed] industrially backward , with comparatively little development by 1914 .

But as urbanization proceeded apace , bricks remained in demand for house-building .
but as urbanization proceeded apace , bricks [stayed] in demand for house-building .

But it remained in service as a goods station .
but it [stayed] in service as a goods station .

In fact , the statistics on the type of problems on which advice is sought have remained remarkably constant since 1973/74 .
in fact , the statistics on the type of problems on which advice is sought have [stayed] remarkably constant since 1973/74 .

The rain remained a moist guess in the air , though they had to tug on their cloaks against the cold in the wind .
the rain [stayed] a moist guess in the air , though they had to tug on their cloaks against the cold in the wind .

They left , and Isay remained alone by the door .
they left , and isay [stayed] alone by the door .

Riven occupied himself with trying to tie up what remained of his boot and leggings , whilst Luib and Rimir produced tarpaulins of waxed cloth from the packs and began constructing a crude lean-to to keep the snow from them .
riven occupied himself with trying to tie up what [stayed] of his boot and leggings , whilst luib and rimir produced tarpaulins of waxed cloth from the packs and began constructing a crude lean-to to keep the snow from them .

The sky remained clear , and a mist rose out of the river as it darkened .
the sky [stayed] clear , and a mist rose out of the river as it darkened .

The crowd of people who remained there stared at him as though he were a ghost .
the crowd of people who [stayed] there stared at him as though he were a ghost .

Mr Forrester remained to the end a most active and enthusiastic bookseller .
mr forrester [stayed] to the end a most active and enthusiastic bookseller .

Cloud-shrouded Venus remained a mystery until the advent of radar and visitation by spacecraft .
cloud-shrouded venus [stayed] a mystery until the advent of radar and visitation by spacecraft .

It has remained at approximately the same latitude since its discovery but it has changed in size , reaching its maximum size of 40 000 × 13 000 km about 100 years ago .
it has [stayed] at approximately the same latitude since its discovery but it has changed in size , reaching its maximum size of 40 000 × 13 000 km about 100 years ago .

Thus for example , the proportion of total social service department expenditure upon elderly people increased from 38.1 to 45 per cent between 1973 to 1979 but the percentage of expenditure on community services remained the same and continued to be so into the mid 1980s ( Parker , 1990 ) .
thus for example , the proportion of total social service department expenditure upon elderly people increased from 38.1 to 45 per cent between 1973 to 1979 but the percentage of expenditure on community services [stayed] the same and continued to be so into the mid 1980s ( parker , 1990 ) .

There was a marked difference in family structures ; nearly 90 per cent of Asian patients remained with their close family , as compared with 70 per cent of whites and 31 per cent of Afro-Caribbeans .
there was a marked difference in family structures ; nearly 90 per cent of asian patients [stayed] with their close family , as compared with 70 per cent of whites and 31 per cent of afro-caribbeans .

Tess had been calm since the baptism and she remained calm .
tess had been calm since the baptism and she [stayed] calm .

But Tess remained depressed all afternoon .
but tess [stayed] depressed all afternoon .

So the girls remained friends .
so the girls [stayed] friends .

Two glasses of wine , ready for their supper , remained untouched on the table .
two glasses of wine , ready for their supper , [stayed] untouched on the table .

Her soul remained and would remain faithful to him for ever .
her soul [stayed] and would remain faithful to him for ever .

The movement of the city centre to the grands boulevards and the Bourse left the absolute majority of workers still in their quartier , and most of the quartiers still remained .
the movement of the city centre to the grands boulevards and the bourse left the absolute majority of workers still in their quartier , and most of the quartiers still [stayed] .

Concern remained at loss of the substantive power to determine the content of specific legislation .
concern [stayed] at loss of the substantive power to determine the content of specific legislation .

Habib remained impassive , and Mary-Claude , with Sarah in her lap , looked out the window .
habib [stayed] impassive , and mary-claude , with sarah in her lap , looked out the window .

While Hurley remained preoccupied with inter-agency projects like Operation Goldenrod , Ganem soon made it clear to Coleman that he had little patience with Hurley 's intelligence operations .
while hurley [stayed] preoccupied with inter-agency projects like operation goldenrod , ganem soon made it clear to coleman that he had little patience with hurley 's intelligence operations .

Apart from the inherent improbability that trained intelligence agents would simply add an armed suitcase bomb tagged for New York-JFK to a pile of international luggage waiting to be loaded in Luqa and then trust to luck that , unescorted , the bomb would get through the baggage-handling and security arrangements of two other major airports and be loaded aboard the target aircraft before the timer triggered an explosion , there remained the problem with the provenance and reliability of the Frankfurt baggage-list that was said to have identified the suitcase in the first place .
apart from the inherent improbability that trained intelligence agents would simply add an armed suitcase bomb tagged for new york-jfk to a pile of international luggage waiting to be loaded in luqa and then trust to luck that , unescorted , the bomb would get through the baggage-handling and security arrangements of two other major airports and be loaded aboard the target aircraft before the timer triggered an explosion , there [stayed] the problem with the provenance and reliability of the frankfurt baggage-list that was said to have identified the suitcase in the first place .

Without hard evidence , he remained sceptical of the Interfor Report 's findings , but nevertheless called for a genuine public inquiry .
without hard evidence , he [stayed] sceptical of the interfor report 's findings , but nevertheless called for a genuine public inquiry .

The desk drawers , as Wickham assured Rain later that morning , had been unlocked when the police went to his room on Friday and had remained unlocked .
the desk drawers , as wickham assured rain later that morning , had been unlocked when the police went to his room on friday and had [stayed] unlocked .

Lucien remained alone on the roof , gazing out over the shimmering city .
lucien [stayed] alone on the roof , gazing out over the shimmering city .

He knew he should obey what Sabraxis had said , but was concerned he might lose condition if he remained inactive .
he knew he should obey what sabraxis had said , but was concerned he might lose condition if he [stayed] inactive .

Lucien and Tavalouze remained near the door of the room until the Vibrancy was concluded .
lucien and tavalouze [stayed] near the door of the room until the vibrancy was concluded .

He should have remained alert .
he should have [stayed] alert .

His nephew , James , was created first Earl of Malmesbury : it is with this line of the family that the painting and various other mementoes of the composer have remained to this day .
his nephew , james , was created first earl of malmesbury : it is with this line of the family that the painting and various other mementoes of the composer have [stayed] to this day .

Under the Working Paper 's proposals , therefore , vaginal penetration by the penis would have remained the focus of sexual offences legislation .
under the working paper 's proposals , therefore , vaginal penetration by the penis would have [stayed] the focus of sexual offences legislation .

’ Russell also found that economic factors were highly significant in determining whether a sexually abused wife remained with her husband .
’ russell also found that economic factors were highly significant in determining whether a sexually abused wife [stayed] with her husband .

They remained standing close , gazing out over the valley .
they [stayed] standing close , gazing out over the valley .

Wycliffe said nothing and his expression remained bland , almost sleepy .
wycliffe said nothing and his expression [stayed] bland , almost sleepy .

There remained only a cardboard box lodged behind where the journals had been .
there [stayed] only a cardboard box lodged behind where the journals had been .

Maurice remained standing in the clearing as though anxious to get on but Wycliffe went along the verandah to the door .
maurice [stayed] standing in the clearing as though anxious to get on but wycliffe went along the verandah to the door .

The harbour was crowded with boats berthed two and three abreast but the market sheds were empty , sluiced down so that not even a small of fish remained .
the harbour was crowded with boats berthed two and three abreast but the market sheds were empty , sluiced down so that not even a small of fish [stayed] .

‘ Not much , but it seems that her daughter and Inez were close , and remained friendly after both of them married .
‘ not much , but it seems that her daughter and inez were close , and [stayed] friendly after both of them married .

Wycliffe had been booked in at the one hotel which remained open through the year .
wycliffe had been booked in at the one hotel which [stayed] open through the year .

She looked down at her handbag and remained silent for a while .
she looked down at her handbag and [stayed] silent for a while .

‘ One more question , Mr Penrose . Is it possible that a body was put in the basin early on Saturday morning and that it remained there until the next high tide without being seen ? ’
‘ one more question , mr penrose . is it possible that a body was put in the basin early on saturday morning and that it [stayed] there until the next high tide without being seen ? ’

In his office Wycliffe glanced at the morning paper , which had remained unopened on his desk .
in his office wycliffe glanced at the morning paper , which had [stayed] unopened on his desk .

Some remained as gaps in the puzzle , suggestive in their outlines but mystifying in their detail .
some [stayed] as gaps in the puzzle , suggestive in their outlines but mystifying in their detail .

Those who remained , once she 'd made allowances for the ways they described themselves , fell broadly within the category of Ugly but Eager .
those who [stayed] , once she 'd made allowances for the ways they described themselves , fell broadly within the category of ugly but eager .

It remained in the family until the auction .
it [stayed] in the family until the auction .

Following successful completion of this initial installation , new channel cables were laid to all the peripherals ( disks , tapes , printers etc ) which need to be connected to the system but existing connections to the two 600Js remained in place .
following successful completion of this initial installation , new channel cables were laid to all the peripherals ( disks , tapes , printers etc ) which need to be connected to the system but existing connections to the two 600js [stayed] in place .

As a consequence , the dollar price of oil has remained weak and profitability has been adversely affected .
as a consequence , the dollar price of oil has [stayed] weak and profitability has been adversely affected .

Against this background of recent dramatic change in retail patterns that have remained town-based for centuries , the new guidance is welcome .
against this background of recent dramatic change in retail patterns that have [stayed] town-based for centuries , the new guidance is welcome .

They have produced evidence that the Antarctic ice cap has remained stable for over 11 million years , despite fluctuations in global temperature .
they have produced evidence that the antarctic ice cap has [stayed] stable for over 11 million years , despite fluctuations in global temperature .

Reluctant to impose yet another local tax , the finance ministry has remained strongly opposed to the new measures .
reluctant to impose yet another local tax , the finance ministry has [stayed] strongly opposed to the new measures .

Beckett , who fine-toned his philosophy of life to its very essentials , not surprisingly remained a Guinness drinker to the end .
beckett , who fine-toned his philosophy of life to its very essentials , not surprisingly [stayed] a guinness drinker to the end .

6.6b ) of trajectories that remained within our small region of interest for all past time .
6.6b ) of trajectories that [stayed] within our small region of interest for all past time .

Conference income has remained static at around 9 % but is expected to increase when the new buildings are complete .
conference income has [stayed] static at around 9 % but is expected to increase when the new buildings are complete .

Of our five Greats students Barbara Davies ( Mrs Mitchell ) remained in Oxford and began teaching at St. Anne 's soon after her marriage to a tutor at Worcester .
of our five greats students barbara davies ( mrs mitchell ) [stayed] in oxford and began teaching at st. anne 's soon after her marriage to a tutor at worcester .

8.2 To take Lease following disclaimer If at any time during the Term the Tenant ( being an individual ) shall become bankrupt or ( being a company ) shall enter into liquidation and the trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator shall disclaim this Lease the Guarantor shall if the Landlord shall by notice within [ 60 ] days after such disclaimer so require take from the Landlord a Lease of the Premises for the residue of the Contractual Term which would have remained had there been no disclaimer at the Rent then being paid under this Lease and subject to the same covenants and terms as in this Lease ( except that the Guarantor shall not be required to procure that any other person is made a party to the Lease as guarantor ) such new Lease to take effect from the date of such disclaimer and in such case the Guarantor shall pay the costs of such new Lease and execute and deliver to the Landlord a counterpart of it This provision is inserted to avoid the fact that a disclaimer of a lease by a trustee in bankruptcy or a liquidator will give rise to the release of the guarantor from the date of the disclaimer .
8.2 to take lease following disclaimer if at any time during the term the tenant ( being an individual ) shall become bankrupt or ( being a company ) shall enter into liquidation and the trustee in bankruptcy or liquidator shall disclaim this lease the guarantor shall if the landlord shall by notice within [ 60 ] days after such disclaimer so require take from the landlord a lease of the premises for the residue of the contractual term which would have [stayed] had there been no disclaimer at the rent then being paid under this lease and subject to the same covenants and terms as in this lease ( except that the guarantor shall not be required to procure that any other person is made a party to the lease as guarantor ) such new lease to take effect from the date of such disclaimer and in such case the guarantor shall pay the costs of such new lease and execute and deliver to the landlord a counterpart of it this provision is inserted to avoid the fact that a disclaimer of a lease by a trustee in bankruptcy or a liquidator will give rise to the release of the guarantor from the date of the disclaimer .

Sometimes , the legal title can be lengthy , and where land has remained in one family for many years , as is often the case with agricultural land , the chain of title can be complex .
sometimes , the legal title can be lengthy , and where land has [stayed] in one family for many years , as is often the case with agricultural land , the chain of title can be complex .

’ His voice remained quiet and reasonable , although what he said flew beyond reason .
’ his voice [stayed] quiet and reasonable , although what he said flew beyond reason .

Even though she tried to listen out for the sound of a returning car , the castle and the road leading up to it remained as silent as the grave .
even though she tried to listen out for the sound of a returning car , the castle and the road leading up to it [stayed] as silent as the grave .

Throughout the whole period Britain remained `` Great `` in the sense of ruling over the largest empire in human history .
throughout the whole period britain [stayed] `` great `` in the sense of ruling over the largest empire in human history .

Parts of the labour movement , however , remained or became hostile to the war .
parts of the labour movement , however , [stayed] or became hostile to the war .

All the former Cabinet Ministers who remained with Labour were defeated except for George Lansbury , who became party leader by default in place of Arthur Henderson .
all the former cabinet ministers who [stayed] with labour were defeated except for george lansbury , who became party leader by default in place of arthur henderson .

Trade-union membership remained low for some time , affected by unemployment and by the movement of industry to less highly unionized areas in the South of England .
trade-union membership [stayed] low for some time , affected by unemployment and by the movement of industry to less highly unionized areas in the south of england .

Throughout the 1920s the Communist Party leaders remained intent on affiliating to the Labour Party and on working with Labour Party members .
throughout the 1920s the communist party leaders [stayed] intent on affiliating to the labour party and on working with labour party members .

In Britain there remained many common ties between Communists and Labour Party members and many Communists were still working within the trade unions .
in britain there [stayed] many common ties between communists and labour party members and many communists were still working within the trade unions .

Although unemployment remained and the problems of the Distressed Areas grew worse , the politically active were increasingly forced to consider the implications of European fascism .
although unemployment [stayed] and the problems of the distressed areas grew worse , the politically active were increasingly forced to consider the implications of european fascism .

The Labour Party remained in an ambiguous position .
the labour party [stayed] in an ambiguous position .

The Soviet Union had remained a Utopian ideal to the Left even during the vicissitudes of the late 1920s and the collectivization and famine during the First Five Year Plan . ``
the soviet union had [stayed] a utopian ideal to the left even during the vicissitudes of the late 1920s and the collectivization and famine during the first five year plan . ``

Until 1939 internal dissension remained characteristic of the Labour Party , with agitations against Fascism and the National Government 's foreign policy occupying much of the time and energy of the active Party member .
until 1939 internal dissension [stayed] characteristic of the labour party , with agitations against fascism and the national government 's foreign policy occupying much of the time and energy of the active party member .

Real power remained in the hands of the union delegations but it now became possible for the local parties to ensure that their opinions were more effectively voiced .
real power [stayed] in the hands of the union delegations but it now became possible for the local parties to ensure that their opinions were more effectively voiced .

The official labour movement remained hostile to the Communists , at the international and national levels .
the official labour movement [stayed] hostile to the communists , at the international and national levels .

Nevertheless `` working class unity remained a desired end despite all our disappointments in seeking it .
nevertheless `` working class unity [stayed] a desired end despite all our disappointments in seeking it .

The ultimate aim remained the winning of Party members and their public `` coming over `` to Communism .
the ultimate aim [stayed] the winning of party members and their public `` coming over `` to communism .

Within the Labour Party and the unions the Communists had still made little progress , and their electoral impact remained negligible .
within the labour party and the unions the communists had still made little progress , and their electoral impact [stayed] negligible .

Officially the Labour Party remained hostile to the Campaign .
officially the labour party [stayed] hostile to the campaign .

She remained rigidly immobile , suddenly quite incapable of moving anyway .
she [stayed] rigidly immobile , suddenly quite incapable of moving anyway .

’ Ronni remained leaning forward in her chair .
’ ronni [stayed] leaning forward in her chair .

During that period the great schism within Islam between sunni and shi'ite occurred , in which Egypt became associated with the former , as it has remained ever since .
during that period the great schism within islam between sunni and shi'ite occurred , in which egypt became associated with the former , as it has [stayed] ever since .

As a result , by the early 1900s , a nationalist undercurrent was developing led by a charismatic young man , Mustafa Kamil , and though there were strikes and demonstrations ( which were to become a regular feature of Egyptian political life ) , Britain remained as unmoved , aloof and arrogant as ever .
as a result , by the early 1900s , a nationalist undercurrent was developing led by a charismatic young man , mustafa kamil , and though there were strikes and demonstrations ( which were to become a regular feature of egyptian political life ) , britain [stayed] as unmoved , aloof and arrogant as ever .

If the husband 's name remained there , this could cause difficulties in respect of any claim as his receipt might be required .
if the husband 's name [stayed] there , this could cause difficulties in respect of any claim as his receipt might be required .

She might despise him for the methods he used in business , but the fact remained that she loved him , and if there was anything she could do to protect him she would do it .
she might despise him for the methods he used in business , but the fact [stayed] that she loved him , and if there was anything she could do to protect him she would do it .

For the length of a heartbeat his tall figure remained stiff and unyielding , and then she heard him swear harshly under his breath , and felt his strong arms enfolding her trembling figure .
for the length of a heartbeat his tall figure [stayed] stiff and unyielding , and then she heard him swear harshly under his breath , and felt his strong arms enfolding her trembling figure .

He smiled back at her briefly , but his eyes remained hostile .
he smiled back at her briefly , but his eyes [stayed] hostile .

‘ You 're sure about that ? ’ Shiona remained standing . ‘ You 're quite sure she 's a fit person to be a mother to my sister ? ’
‘ you 're sure about that ? ’ shiona [stayed] standing . ‘ you 're quite sure she 's a fit person to be a mother to my sister ? ’

It remained empty , barren , a hopeless wasteland .
it [stayed] empty , barren , a hopeless wasteland .

His expression remained flinty and quite unreadable .
his expression [stayed] flinty and quite unreadable .

Next morning Shiona remained in bed until she was certain that Jake had left for the office .
next morning shiona [stayed] in bed until she was certain that jake had left for the office .

Nina stared at her , waiting for her to continue , and when she remained silent , without any warning she suddenly asked , ‘ Rachel , were you in love with him ? Is that it ? ’
nina stared at her , waiting for her to continue , and when she [stayed] silent , without any warning she suddenly asked , ‘ rachel , were you in love with him ? is that it ? ’

He remained silent , watching her , and her embarrassment grew until in the end she set her glass down with a bang and in desperation said , ‘ So are you going to tell me what 's been happening to you in the last five years ? ’
he [stayed] silent , watching her , and her embarrassment grew until in the end she set her glass down with a bang and in desperation said , ‘ so are you going to tell me what 's been happening to you in the last five years ? ’

She glanced sharply at him , and although his expression remained inscrutable she had the fleeting impression that his reasons involved a woman .
she glanced sharply at him , and although his expression [stayed] inscrutable she had the fleeting impression that his reasons involved a woman .

When they met at work Rachel remained so cool with him that by the end of the week it was as if the little interlude in the pool and the club had never happened .
when they met at work rachel [stayed] so cool with him that by the end of the week it was as if the little interlude in the pool and the club had never happened .

‘ It sounded as if a but was going to follow that statement . ’ When Rachel remained silent , he said , ‘ What you are really thinking is that you ca n't imagine Jennifer fitting in here , are n't you ? ’
‘ it sounded as if a but was going to follow that statement . ’ when rachel [stayed] silent , he said , ‘ what you are really thinking is that you ca n't imagine jennifer fitting in here , are n't you ? ’

Rachel glanced quickly at David , wondering if that statement was going to be the closest he came to admitting that the care of Jennifer should have been his responsibility and that he had opted out , but his expression remained impassive , giving away nothing of his feelings .
rachel glanced quickly at david , wondering if that statement was going to be the closest he came to admitting that the care of jennifer should have been his responsibility and that he had opted out , but his expression [stayed] impassive , giving away nothing of his feelings .

Just for a moment she remained very still , her senses taut , enjoying the light caress of his fingers .
just for a moment she [stayed] very still , her senses taut , enjoying the light caress of his fingers .

’ He hesitated and Rachel remained silent , then slowly he turned his head to look at her .
’ he hesitated and rachel [stayed] silent , then slowly he turned his head to look at her .

‘ Oh , come on , Rachel , it 's perfectly obvious you 've had words , ’ said Nina , and when Rachel remained silent she went on , ‘ Just as it 's perfectly obvious that you 're mad about each other .
‘ oh , come on , rachel , it 's perfectly obvious you 've had words , ’ said nina , and when rachel [stayed] silent she went on , ‘ just as it 's perfectly obvious that you 're mad about each other .

Once again , however , she was surprised to find very little response to what she had feared would be an explosive situation as David remained apparently impassive after the initial courtesy greetings .
once again , however , she was surprised to find very little response to what she had feared would be an explosive situation as david [stayed] apparently impassive after the initial courtesy greetings .

At first Jennifer remained silent , as if she was fighting some immense inner struggle , then quietly she began to explain .
at first jennifer [stayed] silent , as if she was fighting some immense inner struggle , then quietly she began to explain .

His home sustained some damage , but mostly remained intact .
his home sustained some damage , but mostly [stayed] intact .

Jack and Wise were thrown into the water , but scrambled back onto the aircraft , which remained afloat .
jack and wise were thrown into the water , but scrambled back onto the aircraft , which [stayed] afloat .

The need for maritime work remained , although it was clear that the anti-submarine role was no longer a possibility ( although in those days , Soviet submarines and surface shipping were still something to be feared as they passed the Cape in both directions ) .
the need for maritime work [stayed] , although it was clear that the anti-submarine role was no longer a possibility ( although in those days , soviet submarines and surface shipping were still something to be feared as they passed the cape in both directions ) .

In October 1937 Londons replaced the Supermarine Scapas of 202 Squadron at Malta , where they remained until the outbreak of World War Two when they moved to Gibraltar .
in october 1937 londons replaced the supermarine scapas of 202 squadron at malta , where they [stayed] until the outbreak of world war two when they moved to gibraltar .

Per capita alcohol consumption since 1979 has remained more or less flat ( Figure 2.1 ) .
per capita alcohol consumption since 1979 has [stayed] more or less flat ( figure 2.1 ) .

Since 1979 , per capita alcohol consumption has remained static , but the real value of excise duties on alcoholic drinks has fallen by 12 % ( Figure 4.1 ) .
since 1979 , per capita alcohol consumption has [stayed] static , but the real value of excise duties on alcoholic drinks has fallen by 12 % ( figure 4.1 ) .

Looking back at this morning — any early mist patches soon cleared and although it was a dry staert everywhere , it has remained cloudy .
looking back at this morning — any early mist patches soon cleared and although it was a dry staert everywhere , it has [stayed] cloudy .

It maintained that no new code for the assessment of compensation or the collection of betterment would be adequate if this individualistic system remained .
it maintained that no new code for the assessment of compensation or the collection of betterment would be adequate if this individualistic system [stayed] .

This remained a problem throughout the lifetime of the scheme , though the magnitude of the problem remains a matter of some controversy .
this [stayed] a problem throughout the lifetime of the scheme , though the magnitude of the problem remains a matter of some controversy .

This compensation was paid from central government funds , but the decision to refuse planning permission or to impose conditions remained with local authorities .
this compensation was paid from central government funds , but the decision to refuse planning permission or to impose conditions [stayed] with local authorities .

Though 1987 saw a major policy shift on the latter ( which is discussed below ) , green belts have , for a variety of reasons , remained a strong policy for both central and local government , as well , of course , for the environmental lobby .
though 1987 saw a major policy shift on the latter ( which is discussed below ) , green belts have , for a variety of reasons , [stayed] a strong policy for both central and local government , as well , of course , for the environmental lobby .

Even when environmental factors were controlled by studying identical twins reared apart , the concordance rate remained the same .
even when environmental factors were controlled by studying identical twins reared apart , the concordance rate [stayed] the same .

Finlay-Jones and Brown found the relationship between loss events and depression and between danger events and anxiety remained after dependent and possibly dependent events were removed from the analysis .
finlay-jones and brown found the relationship between loss events and depression and between danger events and anxiety [stayed] after dependent and possibly dependent events were removed from the analysis .

Those returning to a discordant family environment were much more likely to become pregnant than those who returned to a harmonious family or remained in the institution until achieving independence .
those returning to a discordant family environment were much more likely to become pregnant than those who returned to a harmonious family or [stayed] in the institution until achieving independence .

They found that the two measures did not separately hold any predictive value , but in combination they discriminated well between families in which a child developed some schizophrenic symptoms and those whose child remained free of such symptoms .
they found that the two measures did not separately hold any predictive value , but in combination they discriminated well between families in which a child developed some schizophrenic symptoms and those whose child [stayed] free of such symptoms .

Differences between schools remained , and were not explicable in terms of differences in intake , family characteristics or primary school attended .
differences between schools [stayed] , and were not explicable in terms of differences in intake , family characteristics or primary school attended .

In what remained of the once-great Richardson clan , Sam was the closest that they had to brains .
in what [stayed] of the once-great richardson clan , sam was the closest that they had to brains .

Hitherto , although the structure of the motion has become increasingly complex , the time scale of the velocity fluctuations has remained of the same order as the period of the initial wave .
hitherto , although the structure of the motion has become increasingly complex , the time scale of the velocity fluctuations has [stayed] of the same order as the period of the initial wave .

It is the ratio of the actual heat transfer to the heat transfer that would occur by conduction alone if the fluid remained at rest .
it is the ratio of the actual heat transfer to the heat transfer that would occur by conduction alone if the fluid [stayed] at rest .

It is the place where she grew up and where many things have remained unchanged .
it is the place where she grew up and where many things have [stayed] unchanged .

And not to mention that their most crucial department ( the defence ) remained unchanged ( as usual ) .
and not to mention that their most crucial department ( the defence ) [stayed] unchanged ( as usual ) .

The third had remained on the top deck .
the third had [stayed] on the top deck .

Looking at different parts of the tropical world , it has been noted that by 1981 only 20 % of all rain forests including tropical ones in Australia remained when compared with the total at European settlement ( 1788 ) and that there were only a few thousand ha left in northern Queensland , all accessible forest outside National Parks having been ( or likely to be ) logged , leaving an archipelago of ‘ refugia ’ .
looking at different parts of the tropical world , it has been noted that by 1981 only 20 % of all rain forests including tropical ones in australia [stayed] when compared with the total at european settlement ( 1788 ) and that there were only a few thousand ha left in northern queensland , all accessible forest outside national parks having been ( or likely to be ) logged , leaving an archipelago of ‘ refugia ’ .

The nitrogen level in the microbial biomass was only 50 % of the original 1 year after clearing and remained low ; little mineralized nitrogen was lost to the atmosphere by denitrification but much may be retained low in the soil profile .
the nitrogen level in the microbial biomass was only 50 % of the original 1 year after clearing and [stayed] low ; little mineralized nitrogen was lost to the atmosphere by denitrification but much may be retained low in the soil profile .

He remained at the rue de Harlay until his death in 1712 .
he [stayed] at the rue de harlay until his death in 1712 .

However , the Harlay residence remained in the family , and Martin 's daughters still lived there ; two bedrooms on the third floor and one on the fourth were rented .
however , the harlay residence [stayed] in the family , and martin 's daughters still lived there ; two bedrooms on the third floor and one on the fourth were rented .

It is important here to draw attention to d'Indy 's political and religious beliefs - beliefs remarkably similar to those of the Action Française , an authoritarian , ultra-nationalistic and counter-revolutionary movement formed soon after the Franco-Prussian War.D'Indy came from an aristocratic family and , apart from an early flirtation with Bonapartism , he remained throughout his life an ardent Royalist .
it is important here to draw attention to d'indy 's political and religious beliefs - beliefs remarkably similar to those of the action française , an authoritarian , ultra-nationalistic and counter-revolutionary movement formed soon after the franco-prussian war.d'indy came from an aristocratic family and , apart from an early flirtation with bonapartism , he [stayed] throughout his life an ardent royalist .

Guy proved an excellent guide , laconically volunteering the names of most of the plants and birds , and conversation remained on an impersonal monotone .
guy proved an excellent guide , laconically volunteering the names of most of the plants and birds , and conversation [stayed] on an impersonal monotone .

Guy 's hard gaze remained mask-like .
guy 's hard gaze [stayed] mask-like .

She sat down in an armchair , but Robert remained standing .
she sat down in an armchair , but robert [stayed] standing .

Refusing to make any further protestations , she set her lips and remained silent .
refusing to make any further protestations , she set her lips and [stayed] silent .

She had remained quiet in his grasp , offering no active resistance , aware that it would be useless .
she had [stayed] quiet in his grasp , offering no active resistance , aware that it would be useless .

His kiss was neither violent nor demanding , more a gentle reconnaissance , and her lips remained immobile under his .
his kiss was neither violent nor demanding , more a gentle reconnaissance , and her lips [stayed] immobile under his .

‘ What 's the matter with you these days ? ’ she damanded . ‘ Is it me ? Are you regretting that you ever brought me back to life , Pygmalion ? Would you rather Galatea had remained a cold block of marble after all ? ’
‘ what 's the matter with you these days ? ’ she damanded . ‘ is it me ? are you regretting that you ever brought me back to life , pygmalion ? would you rather galatea had [stayed] a cold block of marble after all ? ’

It remained to be seen if he recognised her .
it [stayed] to be seen if he recognised her .

‘ We 'll settle for just gorgeous , then , ’ he agreed , something faintly heated entering his eyes , though his voice remained casual .
‘ we 'll settle for just gorgeous , then , ’ he agreed , something faintly heated entering his eyes , though his voice [stayed] casual .

He let go of her hand , but it remained there , captured by the silk texture of his skin , by the warmth that radiated from him .
he let go of her hand , but it [stayed] there , captured by the silk texture of his skin , by the warmth that radiated from him .

She waited for her mother to deny this statement , but all remained quiet .
she waited for her mother to deny this statement , but all [stayed] quiet .

Although the leaded windows remained intact , the paint was flaking and chipped , and the place had a neglected air .
although the leaded windows [stayed] intact , the paint was flaking and chipped , and the place had a neglected air .

she thought angrily , and remained as hostile and unfriendly as he was .
she thought angrily , and [stayed] as hostile and unfriendly as he was .

So she remained standing , and asked , ‘ How did you find out ?
so she [stayed] standing , and asked , ‘ how did you find out ?

He had returned her stare and she 'd sent him one of her brilliant , flashing smiles , but his features had remained completely impassive .
he had returned her stare and she 'd sent him one of her brilliant , flashing smiles , but his features had [stayed] completely impassive .

Her eyes widened involuntarily as she felt the virile power of him against her , but his expression remained unchanged .
her eyes widened involuntarily as she felt the virile power of him against her , but his expression [stayed] unchanged .

His expression remained unchanged .
his expression [stayed] unchanged .

His expression remained as unchanged as if she 'd never spoken , and she was gripped all over again by a longing to shatter that icy exterior . Just what did it take to get through to this man ?
his expression [stayed] as unchanged as if she 'd never spoken , and she was gripped all over again by a longing to shatter that icy exterior . just what did it take to get through to this man ?

His expression remained unchanged .
his expression [stayed] unchanged .

After all , she was the one who fell apart at the seams every time they touched , while he remained infuriatingly unmoved .
after all , she was the one who fell apart at the seams every time they touched , while he [stayed] infuriatingly unmoved .

They glared at the screen , willing the line to flutter into life , but the trace remained persistently flat .
they glared at the screen , willing the line to flutter into life , but the trace [stayed] persistently flat .

He had released the pressure of his emotions in the only way a society built on a stiff upper lip had left him — but his control over his real feelings had remained even then .
he had released the pressure of his emotions in the only way a society built on a stiff upper lip had left him — but his control over his real feelings had [stayed] even then .

Despite desperate attempts to revive her , the trace remained stubbornly flat , until in the end they had to give up .
despite desperate attempts to revive her , the trace [stayed] stubbornly flat , until in the end they had to give up .

One of his companions has remained with him ; a third , the one who sounded the alarm , is returning to the scene of the accident with the rescue team , which you can see gathering behind me .
one of his companions has [stayed] with him ; a third , the one who sounded the alarm , is returning to the scene of the accident with the rescue team , which you can see gathering behind me .

Shocked still by the way her breathing remained ragged , her voice was sharp in retort .
shocked still by the way her breathing [stayed] ragged , her voice was sharp in retort .

She twitched and blew at it , but it remained and she tried again .
she twitched and blew at it , but it [stayed] and she tried again .

Travis turned to her , having remained silent all the while .
travis turned to her , having [stayed] silent all the while .

But the daggers had remained sheathed during the meal , and she had allowed her thoughts to drift into those glittering waters .
but the daggers had [stayed] sheathed during the meal , and she had allowed her thoughts to drift into those glittering waters .

As she clasped her arms tightly about him they remained like that , savouring the delight of skin on skin , then Travis raised his head to look at her .
as she clasped her arms tightly about him they [stayed] like that , savouring the delight of skin on skin , then travis raised his head to look at her .

Slowly her heartbeat returned to normal , but her limbs remained heavy with satiation .
slowly her heartbeat returned to normal , but her limbs [stayed] heavy with satiation .

Why else had he not remained beside her ?
why else had he not [stayed] beside her ?

She remained transfixed , mesmerised by the waves of warmth and love emanating from him .
she [stayed] transfixed , mesmerised by the waves of warmth and love emanating from him .

Paige , who had remained in a shocked silence as revelation had poured on revelation , rediscovered her voice .
paige , who had [stayed] in a shocked silence as revelation had poured on revelation , rediscovered her voice .

Although her descent down the steep incline took several minutes , the queue at the foot remained motionless .
although her descent down the steep incline took several minutes , the queue at the foot [stayed] motionless .

After showering this morning she had brushed her lashes with mascara and that still remained , but the rosy lip-gloss , which had been her only other concession to cosmetics , was long gone .
after showering this morning she had brushed her lashes with mascara and that still [stayed] , but the rosy lip-gloss , which had been her only other concession to cosmetics , was long gone .

The lines on his brow might be etched a touch more deeply and there was the stray glint of silver among the thick dark hair at his temples , but Vitor d'Arcos remained … not handsome — his nose was too arrogant and his jaw too hard-hewn for that — but an arresting-looking man .
the lines on his brow might be etched a touch more deeply and there was the stray glint of silver among the thick dark hair at his temples , but vitor d'arcos [stayed] … not handsome — his nose was too arrogant and his jaw too hard-hewn for that — but an arresting-looking man .

His hands remained in his trouser pockets and , as Vitor stood with long legs apart , the charcoal-grey flannel was stretched tight across his thighs .
his hands [stayed] in his trouser pockets and , as vitor stood with long legs apart , the charcoal-grey flannel was stretched tight across his thighs .

Her path failed to cross with Vitor 's , yet throughout the afternoon Ashley remained constantly aware of him .
her path failed to cross with vitor 's , yet throughout the afternoon ashley [stayed] constantly aware of him .

But as the lane turned into the metalled road , and Vitor remained mute , she cast him a glance .
but as the lane turned into the metalled road , and vitor [stayed] mute , she cast him a glance .

As their journey continued Ashley waited for her companion 's mood to lift , but Vitor remained silent and sombre .
as their journey continued ashley waited for her companion 's mood to lift , but vitor [stayed] silent and sombre .

But the timber remained jammed and the tiles continued to languish , tantalisingly so near and yet so far away .
but the timber [stayed] jammed and the tiles continued to languish , tantalisingly so near and yet so far away .

As Vitor drove up into the mountains , the little boy remained bright-eyed and wide-awake .
as vitor drove up into the mountains , the little boy [stayed] bright-eyed and wide-awake .

She would have preferred it if he had remained in the living-room .
she would have preferred it if he had [stayed] in the living-room .

Yet , all in all , farming and the farm remained visibly what they had always been in most parts of the world : more prosperous in the developed areas , and hence investing more heavily in improvements , buildings , etc .
yet , all in all , farming and the farm [stayed] visibly what they had always been in most parts of the world : more prosperous in the developed areas , and hence investing more heavily in improvements , buildings , etc .

The second was formally liquidated in Europe between 1848 and 1868 , though the situation of the impoverished and especially the landless peasantry in regions of large estates in southern and eastern Europe often remained semi-servile , in as much as it remained subject to overwhelming non-economic coercion .
the second was formally liquidated in europe between 1848 and 1868 , though the situation of the impoverished and especially the landless peasantry in regions of large estates in southern and eastern europe often [stayed] semi-servile , in as much as it [stayed] subject to overwhelming non-economic coercion .

Thus in the purely Russian ‘ black earth ’ provinces ( as distinct from the Ukraine and the steppe frontier ) capitalist agriculture was slow to develop , labour dues remained prevalent in the late 1880s , while the expansion of tillage ( at the expense of meadows and pastures and at the cost of reinforcing the old three-field system ) lagged far behind the southern grain lands .
thus in the purely russian ‘ black earth ’ provinces ( as distinct from the ukraine and the steppe frontier ) capitalist agriculture was slow to develop , labour dues [stayed] prevalent in the late 1880s , while the expansion of tillage ( at the expense of meadows and pastures and at the cost of reinforcing the old three-field system ) lagged far behind the southern grain lands .

In short , the purely economic benefits of ending the economy of physical coercion remained debatable .
in short , the purely economic benefits of ending the economy of physical coercion [stayed] debatable .

Where the peasantry remained ‘ pre-commercial , ’ as in large parts of Russia and among the emancipated slaves of the Americas who returned to subsistence peasant agriculture , the estate retained this advantage , but without the physical compulsions of serfdom or slavery it now found it more difficult to obtain labour , unless the former slaves or serfs were landless or so short of land as to be obliged to become hired labourers — and unless there was no more attractive labour for them to take .
where the peasantry [stayed] ‘ pre-commercial , ’ as in large parts of russia and among the emancipated slaves of the americas who returned to subsistence peasant agriculture , the estate retained this advantage , but without the physical compulsions of serfdom or slavery it now found it more difficult to obtain labour , unless the former slaves or serfs were landless or so short of land as to be obliged to become hired labourers — and unless there was no more attractive labour for them to take .

But on the whole the ex-slaves did acquire some land ( though not the '40 acres and a mule ' of which they dreamed ) and the ex-serfs , though losing some of the land to the lords , especially in the regions of expanding commercial agriculture , remained peasants .
but on the whole the ex-slaves did acquire some land ( though not the '40 acres and a mule ' of which they dreamed ) and the ex-serfs , though losing some of the land to the lords , especially in the regions of expanding commercial agriculture , [stayed] peasants .

In Hungary these remained dominant and the wholly landless serfs got freedom without any land at all .
in hungary these [stayed] dominant and the wholly landless serfs got freedom without any land at all .

The south Italians and Sicilians , who were to flood into the big cities of the Americas , had hardly yet begun to stir from their native slum villages , the east Europeans , Catholic or Orthodox , remained largely sedentary , only the Jews seeping or flooding into provincial towns from which they had hitherto been excluded and thence into larger cities .
the south italians and sicilians , who were to flood into the big cities of the americas , had hardly yet begun to stir from their native slum villages , the east europeans , catholic or orthodox , [stayed] largely sedentary , only the jews seeping or flooding into provincial towns from which they had hitherto been excluded and thence into larger cities .

If one remained in the new country , was one obliged to break one 's ties with the old , and if so did one want to ?
if one [stayed] in the new country , was one obliged to break one 's ties with the old , and if so did one want to ?

It remained confined to short trips , often quite strenuous by modern standards , bringing in its train a flourishing minor industry of ‘ souvenirs ’ .
it [stayed] confined to short trips , often quite strenuous by modern standards , bringing in its train a flourishing minor industry of ‘ souvenirs ’ .

’ This advice , suited to small craft-masters or farmers , might still make some sense in the moderately small counting houses of even quite large bankers and merchants , and remained valid in as much as instruction was an essential aspect of management in newly industrialising countries .
’ this advice , suited to small craft-masters or farmers , might still make some sense in the moderately small counting houses of even quite large bankers and merchants , and [stayed] valid in as much as instruction was an essential aspect of management in newly industrialising countries .

They were united by their growing segregation from a bourgeoisie whose wealth increased dramatically while their own situation remained precarious , a bourgeoisie which became increasingly self-contained and impervious to would-be entrants from below .
they were united by their growing segregation from a bourgeoisie whose wealth increased dramatically while their own situation [stayed] precarious , a bourgeoisie which became increasingly self-contained and impervious to would-be entrants from below .

But those who merely remained the miscellaneous ‘ poor ’ could make little use of the trade unions and even less use of Mutual Aid Societies .
but those who merely [stayed] the miscellaneous ‘ poor ’ could make little use of the trade unions and even less use of mutual aid societies .

At the same time they must express the higher and spiritual aspirations of life through their beauty , unless they represented these aspirations by their very existence , as did books and musical instruments , which remained surprisingly functional in design , apart from fairly minor surface flourishes , or unless they belonged to the realm of pure utility such as kitchenware and luggage .
at the same time they must express the higher and spiritual aspirations of life through their beauty , unless they represented these aspirations by their very existence , as did books and musical instruments , which [stayed] surprisingly functional in design , apart from fairly minor surface flourishes , or unless they belonged to the realm of pure utility such as kitchenware and luggage .

Their outsides remained functional ; it was only their insides , in so far as they belonged to the bourgeois world like the newly devised Pullman sleeping-cars ( 1865 ) and the first-class steamer saloons and state-rooms , which had décor .
their outsides [stayed] functional ; it was only their insides , in so far as they belonged to the bourgeois world like the newly devised pullman sleeping-cars ( 1865 ) and the first-class steamer saloons and state-rooms , which had décor .

1836 ) remained a banker .
1836 ) [stayed] a banker .

We might add that , though property from land or , more commonly , from urban real-estate , remained an important source of bourgeois income , especially among the middle and lower bourgeoisie in areas of lagging industrialisation , it was already diminishing somewhat in importance .
we might add that , though property from land or , more commonly , from urban real-estate , [stayed] an important source of bourgeois income , especially among the middle and lower bourgeoisie in areas of lagging industrialisation , it was already diminishing somewhat in importance .

The bourgeois was , if not a different species , then at least the member of a superior race , a higher stage in human evolution , distinct from the lower orders who remained in the historical or cultural equivalent of childhood or at most adolescence .
the bourgeois was , if not a different species , then at least the member of a superior race , a higher stage in human evolution , distinct from the lower orders who [stayed] in the historical or cultural equivalent of childhood or at most adolescence .

William Thompson , Lord Kelvin , the celebrated physicist , thought that all the basic problems of physics had been solved , though a number of relatively minor problems remained to be cleared up .
william thompson , lord kelvin , the celebrated physicist , thought that all the basic problems of physics had been solved , though a number of relatively minor problems [stayed] to be cleared up .

The strange , abstract and logically fantastic world of the mathematicians remained somewhat isolated both from the general and the scientific public , perhaps more so than before , since its main contact with both , physics ( through physical technology ) , appeared at this stage to have less use for its most advanced and adventurous abstractions than in the great days of the construction of a celestial mechanics .
the strange , abstract and logically fantastic world of the mathematicians [stayed] somewhat isolated both from the general and the scientific public , perhaps more so than before , since its main contact with both , physics ( through physical technology ) , appeared at this stage to have less use for its most advanced and adventurous abstractions than in the great days of the construction of a celestial mechanics .

Nevertheless , the models of chemistry remained rather imperfect , and substantial advances in understanding them were made in the third quarter of the nineteenth century .
nevertheless , the models of chemistry [stayed] rather imperfect , and substantial advances in understanding them were made in the third quarter of the nineteenth century .

Biology remained a long way behind the physical sciences , held back not least by the conservatism of the two major bodies of men concerned with its practical application , the farmers and especially the doctors .
biology [stayed] a long way behind the physical sciences , held back not least by the conservatism of the two major bodies of men concerned with its practical application , the farmers and especially the doctors .

Living things were now also included in this process , though the question whether life itself had evolved from non-life still remained unsolved and , mainly for ideological reasons , extremely sensitive .
living things were now also included in this process , though the question whether life itself had evolved from non-life still [stayed] unsolved and , mainly for ideological reasons , extremely sensitive .

Formed in the milieu of Chartism and Owenite ‘ Halls of Science ’ , he remained a man of the extreme left who returned late in life to a militant support of land nationalisation and even socialism , while maintaining his belief in those other characteristic theories of heterodox and plebeian ideology , phrenology and spiritualism ( see p. 319 below ) .
formed in the milieu of chartism and owenite ‘ halls of science ’ , he [stayed] a man of the extreme left who returned late in life to a militant support of land nationalisation and even socialism , while maintaining his belief in those other characteristic theories of heterodox and plebeian ideology , phrenology and spiritualism ( see p. 319 below ) .

Nevertheless , if the academic historians followed their by-way of scholarship , history remained the main constituent of the new social sciences .
nevertheless , if the academic historians followed their by-way of scholarship , history [stayed] the main constituent of the new social sciences .

Michael Codron remained optimistic during the first rewrites .
michael codron [stayed] optimistic during the first rewrites .

As Michael Codron told me : ‘ Ken remained very loyal to it , even though he was miserable about it .
as michael codron told me : ‘ ken [stayed] very loyal to it , even though he was miserable about it .

When we examined Friedman 's demolition of the idea of a stable trade off between inflation and unemployment , we noted how there remained some scope for policy activism .
when we examined friedman 's demolition of the idea of a stable trade off between inflation and unemployment , we noted how there [stayed] some scope for policy activism .

Despite the failure of the old classical writers to form a coherent set of policy prescriptions , their view remained that any attempt to reduce general unemployment must have as its cornerstone policies which would reduce real wages .
despite the failure of the old classical writers to form a coherent set of policy prescriptions , their view [stayed] that any attempt to reduce general unemployment must have as its cornerstone policies which would reduce real wages .

He never remained for long , and every time
he never [stayed] for long , and every time

Where a person claims possession of land he alleges is occupied solely by a person or persons ( not a tenant or tenants holding over ) who entered into or remained in occupation without his licence or consent or that of any predecessor in title of his , the proceedings may be brought by originating application under Ord 24 .
where a person claims possession of land he alleges is occupied solely by a person or persons ( not a tenant or tenants holding over ) who entered into or [stayed] in occupation without his licence or consent or that of any predecessor in title of his , the proceedings may be brought by originating application under ord 24 .

The courts will not take the incidence of future inflation into account in calculating the dependency , but if it is established that the deceased would have increased his income in the future for reasons other than inflation ( eg because he would have been promoted if he had remained in his job or because he would probably have attained higher and better paid skills or a better paid job if he had lived ) this might give grounds for increasing the multiplicand .
the courts will not take the incidence of future inflation into account in calculating the dependency , but if it is established that the deceased would have increased his income in the future for reasons other than inflation ( eg because he would have been promoted if he had [stayed] in his job or because he would probably have attained higher and better paid skills or a better paid job if he had lived ) this might give grounds for increasing the multiplicand .

All that remained was for the Lord Chancellor by statutory instrument to appoint a day for s9 to come into effect .
all that [stayed] was for the lord chancellor by statutory instrument to appoint a day for s9 to come into effect .

Although the basic pattern of a twenty-five year lease remained largely intact , tenants were able to secure the right to terminate the lease before its expiry .
although the basic pattern of a twenty-five year lease [stayed] largely intact , tenants were able to secure the right to terminate the lease before its expiry .

Yields have remained at an average of more than 2.6 tonnes a hectare .
yields have [stayed] at an average of more than 2.6 tonnes a hectare .

Fuel and Energy Miniser Yury Shafranik said that the waste of energy resources had increased over the past two years and that energy use had remained stable , despite falling production .
fuel and energy miniser yury shafranik said that the waste of energy resources had increased over the past two years and that energy use had [stayed] stable , despite falling production .

Writing in the scientific journal Nature , researchers from the University of Victoria , British Columbia , insisted that it was " difficult to express the importance " of their findings , and added that there were no obvious explanations as to why the climate had remained " strangely stable " recently .
writing in the scientific journal nature , researchers from the university of victoria , british columbia , insisted that it was " difficult to express the importance " of their findings , and added that there were no obvious explanations as to why the climate had [stayed] " strangely stable " recently .

While it was widely accepted that by the end of the month few visible signs of the disaster remained , environmentalists warned against deceptive appearances and claimed that marine life could be affected for years to come .
while it was widely accepted that by the end of the month few visible signs of the disaster [stayed] , environmentalists warned against deceptive appearances and claimed that marine life could be affected for years to come .

During the incident , both doors remained open while a consignment of waste was being delivered during trial operations .
during the incident , both doors [stayed] open while a consignment of waste was being delivered during trial operations .

The report projects what it calls the `` ecologically driven `` case , under which worldwide economic growth would rise by 3.3 per cent per year while carbon dioxide emissions remained virtually stable .
the report projects what it calls the `` ecologically driven `` case , under which worldwide economic growth would rise by 3.3 per cent per year while carbon dioxide emissions [stayed] virtually stable .

Friends of the Earth claimed however that the number of monitoring stations remained `` pitifully small `` .
friends of the earth claimed however that the number of monitoring stations [stayed] `` pitifully small `` .

The research , carried out by scientists from the University of Bremen , reveals that seawater levels of cadmium , aluminium , manganese and nickel rose between 1986 and 1990 , while levels of lead , iron , copper and zinc remained virtually unchanged .
the research , carried out by scientists from the university of bremen , reveals that seawater levels of cadmium , aluminium , manganese and nickel rose between 1986 and 1990 , while levels of lead , iron , copper and zinc [stayed] virtually unchanged .

The area of mixed and broadleaved woodland remained roughly the same , but much suffers from a lack of appropriate management and over-grazing .
the area of mixed and broadleaved woodland [stayed] roughly the same , but much suffers from a lack of appropriate management and over-grazing .

Other recently published satellite data reveals that such chemicals remained in the atmosphere much longer this winter than last .
other recently published satellite data reveals that such chemicals [stayed] in the atmosphere much longer this winter than last .

It also rejects the claim that there is no problem because the total area of temperate forests has remained stable ; this statistic , it says , masks regional losses and the replacement of diverse native or old-growth forests with plantations .
it also rejects the claim that there is no problem because the total area of temperate forests has [stayed] stable ; this statistic , it says , masks regional losses and the replacement of diverse native or old-growth forests with plantations .

Ten of the 16 transgenic plants remained completely healthy when infected with the red stripe virus in this way , while the other six showed much milder symptoms than those afflicting the control plants .
ten of the 16 transgenic plants [stayed] completely healthy when infected with the red stripe virus in this way , while the other six showed much milder symptoms than those afflicting the control plants .

North and South , however , remained deeply divided , the poorer countries feeling that the charter failed to take account of their economic development .
north and south , however , [stayed] deeply divided , the poorer countries feeling that the charter failed to take account of their economic development .

Labour , as one analysis showed , remained the party of the traditional working class of the council estates , of Scotland , and of the North .
labour , as one analysis showed , [stayed] the party of the traditional working class of the council estates , of scotland , and of the north .

Parliament remained dominated by the aristocracy and by the landed gentry .
parliament [stayed] dominated by the aristocracy and by the landed gentry .

Although much remained the same as before — the new electorate constituted but one-thirtieth of the population , 31 boroughs still had fewer than 300 electors in each , voting remained by open ballot ( secret ballots were considered rather un-English ) , and the aristocracy still held great sway politically — the act precipitated important changes both within and outside the House of Commons .
although much [stayed] the same as before — the new electorate constituted but one-thirtieth of the population , 31 boroughs still had fewer than 300 electors in each , voting [stayed] by open ballot ( secret ballots were considered rather un-english ) , and the aristocracy still held great sway politically — the act precipitated important changes both within and outside the house of commons .

Despite the economic problems and some unrelated political problems of the 1960s , the country remained a relatively prosperous one .
despite the economic problems and some unrelated political problems of the 1960s , the country [stayed] a relatively prosperous one .

The Protestant majority in Ulster wished to remain part of the United Kingdom , and the province of Northern Ireland has so remained .
the protestant majority in ulster wished to remain part of the united kingdom , and the province of northern ireland has so [stayed] .

Nonetheless , class remained the most important predictor of how an elector might vote .
nonetheless , class [stayed] the most important predictor of how an elector might vote .

When the war ended my father remained in the Army , and my mother became a dressmaker to her friends and the neighbours .
when the war ended my father [stayed] in the army , and my mother became a dressmaker to her friends and the neighbours .

His dark glance remained on Sara . ``
his dark glance [stayed] on sara . ``

And , although aware that the design of the Panopticon could be accused of violating its occupants ' liberty , Bentham remained unmoved : foreseeing this criticism , he replied : `` Objection — liberty infringed .
and , although aware that the design of the panopticon could be accused of violating its occupants ' liberty , bentham [stayed] unmoved : foreseeing this criticism , he replied : `` objection — liberty infringed .

For some time after the battle of Nechtansmere the Picts had remained the more powerful of the two .
for some time after the battle of nechtansmere the picts had [stayed] the more powerful of the two .

Despite the designedly conciliatory Anglo-Scottish marriage , James had not remained long at peace with his wife 's brother .
despite the designedly conciliatory anglo-scottish marriage , james had not [stayed] long at peace with his wife 's brother .

Cloth manufacture and the knitting of garments became separate industries , though close working partnerships remained essential .
cloth manufacture and the knitting of garments became separate industries , though close working partnerships [stayed] essential .

Public opinion has long remained wrongfully ignorant of what the French Gruyère cheeses really are .
public opinion has long [stayed] wrongfully ignorant of what the french gruyère cheeses really are .

It is simply due to the fact that these little hotels have remained faithful to habits dating from 1840 or so .
it is simply due to the fact that these little hotels have [stayed] faithful to habits dating from 1840 or so .

The impasse remained until 1987 , when new Diatryma bones were discovered in north-western Wyoming .
the impasse [stayed] until 1987 , when new diatryma bones were discovered in north-western wyoming .

Thus the objectors would want to say that it is a `` religiously `` true statement that God raised Jesus from the dead , and this has a spiritual meaning ; but that on the level of history , Jesus died and remained dead and buried .
thus the objectors would want to say that it is a `` religiously `` true statement that god raised jesus from the dead , and this has a spiritual meaning ; but that on the level of history , jesus died and [stayed] dead and buried .

Isaac remained his father 's sole heir , and on Abraham 's death the blessing of God became his .
isaac [stayed] his father 's sole heir , and on abraham 's death the blessing of god became his .

Meanwhile , the Magistrate had ordered the native pensioners to collect up the vernacular records and documents which lay in shallow drifts in the new trenches … all that now remained of the experimental greenhouse in which he had observed the progress and ubiquity of the Company 's stupidity .
meanwhile , the magistrate had ordered the native pensioners to collect up the vernacular records and documents which lay in shallow drifts in the new trenches … all that now [stayed] of the experimental greenhouse in which he had observed the progress and ubiquity of the company 's stupidity .

As night fell , although the Collector became quieter ( no doubt thanks to the laudanum ) , he remained delirious .
as night fell , although the collector became quieter ( no doubt thanks to the laudanum ) , he [stayed] delirious .

As for Louise , strolling beneath the shade of her white silk parasol , she had remained so cool and chaste that she had scarcely deigned to notice that young men were admiring her .
as for louise , strolling beneath the shade of her white silk parasol , she had [stayed] so cool and chaste that she had scarcely deigned to notice that young men were admiring her .

So all that remained for him to do was to demonstrate that Lucy 's organ of Amativeness was extraordinarily well developed .
so all that [stayed] for him to do was to demonstrate that lucy 's organ of amativeness was extraordinarily well developed .

But the Collector remained quite implacable .
but the collector [stayed] quite implacable .

Although worried by the expense in powder Harry continued to open one green avenue after another , but the Collector 's window remained empty .
although worried by the expense in powder harry continued to open one green avenue after another , but the collector 's window [stayed] empty .

Dr McNab was silent for such a long time that even those of his supporters who had remained steadfast throughout Dr Dunstaple 's persuasive arguments and had not yet crossed his name from their emergency cards , began to fear that perhaps he had nothing to say .
dr mcnab was silent for such a long time that even those of his supporters who had [stayed] steadfast throughout dr dunstaple 's persuasive arguments and had not yet crossed his name from their emergency cards , began to fear that perhaps he had nothing to say .

The goods to he sold had been piled up on the stairs where once `` the possessions `` had been piled ; bottles of jam and honey , heaps of hermetically sealed provisions , bottles of wine , cakes of chocolate pliable with the heat , tins of biscuits and even a few mouldy hams had been stacked against the splintered stumps which were all that now remained of the banisters Fleury had found so elegant the first evening he had entered the Residency .
the goods to he sold had been piled up on the stairs where once `` the possessions `` had been piled ; bottles of jam and honey , heaps of hermetically sealed provisions , bottles of wine , cakes of chocolate pliable with the heat , tins of biscuits and even a few mouldy hams had been stacked against the splintered stumps which were all that now [stayed] of the banisters fleury had found so elegant the first evening he had entered the residency .

There remained a little grain and rice in the Church , but in the vestry there was nothing .
there [stayed] a little grain and rice in the church , but in the vestry there was nothing .

It was not only food that was running short ; the Collector was shocked to see how little powder and shot remained the mine , the fougasses , and the firing of chain shot to clear the foliage had seriously depleted what he had considered an ample provision of powder ; if used sparingly it might last for two weeks , but the shot was almost exhausted .
it was not only food that was running short ; the collector was shocked to see how little powder and shot [stayed] the mine , the fougasses , and the firing of chain shot to clear the foliage had seriously depleted what he had considered an ample provision of powder ; if used sparingly it might last for two weeks , but the shot was almost exhausted .

Of ready-made balled cartridge there remained only two full boxes and one half full .
of ready-made balled cartridge there [stayed] only two full boxes and one half full .

Again and again he swiped at Chloe , but she remained convinced that this was a game and every time her friend approached she darted away and went to sit somewhere else in the clearing , her tail brushing the ground frantically .
again and again he swiped at chloe , but she [stayed] convinced that this was a game and every time her friend approached she darted away and went to sit somewhere else in the clearing , her tail brushing the ground frantically .

The Collector had agreed provided that it was brief , for there remained so much to be done before morning .
the collector had agreed provided that it was brief , for there [stayed] so much to be done before morning .

The man 's face had turned black , his eyes were bulging , and at last he crashed to the ground , with such force that he almost shook Fleury off … but Fleury remained dragging on the violin until he was certain the sepoy was dead .
the man 's face had turned black , his eyes were bulging , and at last he crashed to the ground , with such force that he almost shook fleury off … but fleury [stayed] dragging on the violin until he was certain the sepoy was dead .

Although she had come to dislike Dr McNab , believing him to have been indirectly responsible for her father 's death , she remained constantly at his side , helping him to care for the sick and wounded .
although she had come to dislike dr mcnab , believing him to have been indirectly responsible for her father 's death , she [stayed] constantly at his side , helping him to care for the sick and wounded .

When they paused near one of these villages to rest the horses the Collector remained in the carriage and watched the men drawing water from the well , drawing it up in a huge leather bag with the help of their bullocks , and he knew that the same two men and two bullocks would do this every day until the end of their lives .
when they paused near one of these villages to rest the horses the collector [stayed] in the carriage and watched the men drawing water from the well , drawing it up in a huge leather bag with the help of their bullocks , and he knew that the same two men and two bullocks would do this every day until the end of their lives .

His own sister , Miriam , the Collector probably did not know , had subsequently married Dr McNab and they , too , had remained in India .
his own sister , miriam , the collector probably did not know , had subsequently married dr mcnab and they , too , had [stayed] in india .

At first he would have remained chiefly in the care of women , learning how to behave , how to speak in a courtly fashion , when to keep silent , how to play and sing .
at first he would have [stayed] chiefly in the care of women , learning how to behave , how to speak in a courtly fashion , when to keep silent , how to play and sing .

Years later that journey still remained vivid in his memory .
years later that journey still [stayed] vivid in his memory .

When Henry and Eleanor held their Christmas court at Chinon in 1172 whatever tensions there were between them remained hidden from public view .
when henry and eleanor held their christmas court at chinon in 1172 whatever tensions there were between them [stayed] hidden from public view .

But it has remained as puzzling to modern historians as it was shocking to contemporaries .
but it has [stayed] as puzzling to modern historians as it was shocking to contemporaries .

Up to this point , still only sixteen years old , he had remained very much a background figure , drawn along in the wake of his elder brother , and both of them overshadowed by their protector , King Louis of France .
up to this point , still only sixteen years old , he had [stayed] very much a background figure , drawn along in the wake of his elder brother , and both of them overshadowed by their protector , king louis of france .

But the town remained steadfastly loyal to the Old King and shut its gates against him .
but the town [stayed] steadfastly loyal to the old king and shut its gates against him .

Instead of flitting from one employer to another he remained constant in Richard 's service and was with him still at the end at Chalus .
instead of flitting from one employer to another he [stayed] constant in richard 's service and was with him still at the end at chalus .

Life remained at this stage of development for a vast period .
life [stayed] at this stage of development for a vast period .

Since there was neither oxygen to fuel the processes of decay nor any scavenging animals to feed on the bodies and destroy them , the tiny carcasses remained complete as the settling mud particles slowly entombed them .
since there was neither oxygen to fuel the processes of decay nor any scavenging animals to feed on the bodies and destroy them , the tiny carcasses [stayed] complete as the settling mud particles slowly entombed them .

As the geological cycles repeated themselves for some three thousand million years , as the volcanoes exploded and spent themselves , life in the sea burgeoned into many forms ; but the land still remained barren .
as the geological cycles repeated themselves for some three thousand million years , as the volcanoes exploded and spent themselves , life in the sea burgeoned into many forms ; but the land still [stayed] barren .

Counting those in the bristle-cone pine establishes that some of these gnarled and twisted trees germinated over five thousand years ago at a time when man in the Middle East was just beginning to invent writing , and have remained alive throughout the entire duration of civilisation .
counting those in the bristle-cone pine establishes that some of these gnarled and twisted trees germinated over five thousand years ago at a time when man in the middle east was just beginning to invent writing , and have [stayed] alive throughout the entire duration of civilisation .

Some stopped dividing after a few hours and remained generalised in form and in dense clusters .
some stopped dividing after a few hours and [stayed] generalised in form and in dense clusters .

All this time , the other cell clusters remained tiny and inactive .
all this time , the other cell clusters [stayed] tiny and inactive .

Those waters remained the domain of the jellyfish and other floating invertebrates .
those waters [stayed] the domain of the jellyfish and other floating invertebrates .

So the situation remained for a hundred million years .
so the situation [stayed] for a hundred million years .

But the most important thing to grasp is that , in spite of a period of recession , the economy has remained fundamentally healthy and enterprising .
but the most important thing to grasp is that , in spite of a period of recession , the economy has [stayed] fundamentally healthy and enterprising .

’ Then she smiled though her eyes remained cold as winter and said , ‘ Are you enjoying your time in the Army ?
’ then she smiled though her eyes [stayed] cold as winter and said , ‘ are you enjoying your time in the army ?

It was not an auspicious time for a new play to open , in any case , and the reaction of the critics was decidedly mixed — in spite , or perhaps because , of Eliot 's labours the meaning of the play remained elusive and its symbolism jarred with the realism of its setting .
it was not an auspicious time for a new play to open , in any case , and the reaction of the critics was decidedly mixed — in spite , or perhaps because , of eliot 's labours the meaning of the play [stayed] elusive and its symbolism jarred with the realism of its setting .

The major forum for `` constructive `` thought remained in the Christian organizations of which he was already a member , and throughout the war he played a prominent part in their deliberations .
the major forum for `` constructive `` thought [stayed] in the christian organizations of which he was already a member , and throughout the war he played a prominent part in their deliberations .

He would stay the night , and then return on Thursday evening with whatever correspondence there remained to deal with .
he would stay the night , and then return on thursday evening with whatever correspondence there [stayed] to deal with .

He remained , as it were , invisible .
he [stayed] , as it were , invisible .

In a preface to The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn , published in this year , he described the landscape of his childhood and speculated about the boy who remained within the adult and successful figure of Mark Twain — the boy who was called `` Huck `` and whom Eliot saw as a symbol of freedom like the Mississippi itself ; it was impossible for that boy r that river `` to have a beginning or end — a career `` .
in a preface to the adventures of huckleberry finn , published in this year , he described the landscape of his childhood and speculated about the boy who [stayed] within the adult and successful figure of mark twain — the boy who was called `` huck `` and whom eliot saw as a symbol of freedom like the mississippi itself ; it was impossible for that boy r that river `` to have a beginning or end — a career `` .

There remained one last work for him to complete ; already he had begun writing a play which was to concern a successful public man who , at the end of his life , is waiting for death .
there [stayed] one last work for him to complete ; already he had begun writing a play which was to concern a successful public man who , at the end of his life , is waiting for death .

Under each President the relationship between the executive and the broadcasting media remained the central issue of communications policy .
under each president the relationship between the executive and the broadcasting media [stayed] the central issue of communications policy .

The politicization of issues and even of policy-making structures remained considerable : one reason for uniting the postal and telegraph administrations in 1878 was to swamp the allegedly Bonapartist ‘ telegraphist ’ personnel ( 3000 employees ) among the 27,000 postal employees ; often of humble social origins , the latter contained ardent supporters of a republic that assured their social advancement .
the politicization of issues and even of policy-making structures [stayed] considerable : one reason for uniting the postal and telegraph administrations in 1878 was to swamp the allegedly bonapartist ‘ telegraphist ’ personnel ( 3000 employees ) among the 27,000 postal employees ; often of humble social origins , the latter contained ardent supporters of a republic that assured their social advancement .

’ French politicians and elites , but also — argue Missika and Wolton — French society writ large , remained hostile to or suspicious of communication ( s ) : radio and television developed slower than elsewhere — like , as we shall see , the telephone .
’ french politicians and elites , but also — argue missika and wolton — french society writ large , [stayed] hostile to or suspicious of communication ( s ) : radio and television developed slower than elsewhere — like , as we shall see , the telephone .

The non-observance of this particular text ( which officially remained on the statute book until January 1987 ) , came to symbolize the weakness and the politization of communications policies .
the non-observance of this particular text ( which officially [stayed] on the statute book until january 1987 ) , came to symbolize the weakness and the politization of communications policies .

This remained fraught , but the tension was comparable at times to that between government politicians and public service broadcasters in , say , the Britain of Wilson and Callaghan or Margaret Thatcher .
this [stayed] fraught , but the tension was comparable at times to that between government politicians and public service broadcasters in , say , the britain of wilson and callaghan or margaret thatcher .

It remained his seat for a few months short of thirty years .
it [stayed] his seat for a few months short of thirty years .

Baldwin remained Financial Secretary to the Treasury for four years .
baldwin [stayed] financial secretary to the treasury for four years .

He had said that he regarded all-round cancellation as the only fair solution to inter-Allied debts , and this remained his basic position throughout .
he had said that he regarded all-round cancellation as the only fair solution to inter-allied debts , and this [stayed] his basic position throughout .

Baldwin remained silent .
baldwin [stayed] silent .

Yet , such were the curious contradictions of his character that Baldwin always remained closely in touch with the work of the Foreign Office .
yet , such were the curious contradictions of his character that baldwin always [stayed] closely in touch with the work of the foreign office .

There still remained the question of whether MacDonald would fill his essential part in the new arrangement .
there still [stayed] the question of whether macdonald would fill his essential part in the new arrangement .

The scars of the Hoare-Laval fiasco remained visible on Baldwin for most of the next year .
the scars of the hoare-laval fiasco [stayed] visible on baldwin for most of the next year .

In the three and a half years between his abdication and the summer of Dunkirk , King Edward , had he remained on the Throne , might have developed differently .
in the three and a half years between his abdication and the summer of dunkirk , king edward , had he [stayed] on the throne , might have developed differently .

If liberty and equality were birth-rights , it remained only to establish fraternity .
if liberty and equality were birth-rights , it [stayed] only to establish fraternity .

For the men of Rochdale , desirable though the store at Toad Lane was for its immediate practical purpose , their principal objective remained the setting up of a Co-operative Community .
for the men of rochdale , desirable though the store at toad lane was for its immediate practical purpose , their principal objective [stayed] the setting up of a co-operative community .

Certainly : yet behind that most immediate question remained the profounder one .
certainly : yet behind that most immediate question [stayed] the profounder one .

The quarter-century of sustained growth , broken only by minor interruptions , provided a favourable climate for the growth of self-help Consumers ' Co-operation operating in a buoyant and free domestic market : Producers ' Co-operation , the self-governing workshop , remained a means of protest against the generally accepted order , an out-of-fashion remnant from the hungry forties .
the quarter-century of sustained growth , broken only by minor interruptions , provided a favourable climate for the growth of self-help consumers ' co-operation operating in a buoyant and free domestic market : producers ' co-operation , the self-governing workshop , [stayed] a means of protest against the generally accepted order , an out-of-fashion remnant from the hungry forties .

Cole says , first and simply , that after 1850 , ‘ Co-operation became respectable but that trade unionism remained much longer an outlaw .
cole says , first and simply , that after 1850 , ‘ co-operation became respectable but that trade unionism [stayed] much longer an outlaw .

Insist though trade unions might that their purpose was not to subvert the market economy but to sell labour at a fair price as a commodity in it , the fact remained that successful trade unionism implied reduced dividends on investment , just as organising the production of goods for sale in Co-operative stores as a function of independent industrial co-operatives implied reduced dividends on purchases from them .
insist though trade unions might that their purpose was not to subvert the market economy but to sell labour at a fair price as a commodity in it , the fact [stayed] that successful trade unionism implied reduced dividends on investment , just as organising the production of goods for sale in co-operative stores as a function of independent industrial co-operatives implied reduced dividends on purchases from them .

As for the Webbs ' insistence on the separate and restricted role for trade unionism , the practical effect was , once again , to abandon industrial democracy , to accept that the rights of working people at work remained the rights inhering in the property they owned : their labour , and nothing more .
as for the webbs ' insistence on the separate and restricted role for trade unionism , the practical effect was , once again , to abandon industrial democracy , to accept that the rights of working people at work [stayed] the rights inhering in the property they owned : their labour , and nothing more .

By themselves , these facts do not stand as a complete answer to the challenge : if the industrial co-operative form of organisation is more efficient than the conventional form , why is it that the first has not displaced the second but has remained until recently a negligible feature of the economy and , even now , can hardly be said to have become so far of more than marginal importance ?
by themselves , these facts do not stand as a complete answer to the challenge : if the industrial co-operative form of organisation is more efficient than the conventional form , why is it that the first has not displaced the second but has [stayed] until recently a negligible feature of the economy and , even now , can hardly be said to have become so far of more than marginal importance ?

For example , the International Commission of Jurists concluded in its report on the status of the Aaland Islands that the Convention of 1856 which had demilitarised the islands remained effective and could be relied upon by a third party , Sweden .
for example , the international commission of jurists concluded in its report on the status of the aaland islands that the convention of 1856 which had demilitarised the islands [stayed] effective and could be relied upon by a third party , sweden .

Waldock remained unconvinced by the argument that it was contrary to the sovereign equality of States , for the third party remained free to reject the right , a view he considered supported by more recent State practice and jurisprudence .
waldock [stayed] unconvinced by the argument that it was contrary to the sovereign equality of states , for the third party [stayed] free to reject the right , a view he considered supported by more recent state practice and jurisprudence .

An unregistered treaty remained valid under Article 18 , whereas an obligation does not bind a third party unless it has manifested its consent .
an unregistered treaty [stayed] valid under article 18 , whereas an obligation does not bind a third party unless it has manifested its consent .

Acting unanimously , the member States could have informally amended the treaty provisions , but without such unanimity they each remained bound .
acting unanimously , the member states could have informally amended the treaty provisions , but without such unanimity they each [stayed] bound .

The question remained unanswered , for Counsel for the applicants accepted that any cause of action based on the treaty would not be justiciable in the English courts .
the question [stayed] unanswered , for counsel for the applicants accepted that any cause of action based on the treaty would not be justiciable in the english courts .

Clara did not enjoy her sausage , for it was burned black on the outside and raw in the middle , and her mother had told her that it was impossible not to get worms from raw sausage meat , but the taste of the damp mince with its bitter crust remained a strong reminder of illicit pleasure .
clara did not enjoy her sausage , for it was burned black on the outside and raw in the middle , and her mother had told her that it was impossible not to get worms from raw sausage meat , but the taste of the damp mince with its bitter crust [stayed] a strong reminder of illicit pleasure .

One of the moments which remained most strongly in her memory took place in the town 's most learned book shop , a charming building that dated , almost alone in the town , from a pre-industrial epoch ; it was tall , and narrow , and its windows Were so small that it could display only ten books at a time , and those ten were changed but once a month .
one of the moments which [stayed] most strongly in her memory took place in the town 's most learned book shop , a charming building that dated , almost alone in the town , from a pre-industrial epoch ; it was tall , and narrow , and its windows were so small that it could display only ten books at a time , and those ten were changed but once a month .

He remained there for a few seconds then slowly got to his feet and moved to the door leading into the hallway .
he [stayed] there for a few seconds then slowly got to his feet and moved to the door leading into the hallway .

He refused to comply and left Oxford after the first year to join the Guardian where he remained for seven years before taking up a post as an investigative journalist with a left-wing French newspaper .
he refused to comply and left oxford after the first year to join the guardian where he [stayed] for seven years before taking up a post as an investigative journalist with a left-wing french newspaper .

He remained doubled over for several seconds before slowly straightening up and wiping the sweat from his forehead .
he [stayed] doubled over for several seconds before slowly straightening up and wiping the sweat from his forehead .

Whitlock caught up with Mobuto but remained discreetly in the background while he finished talking to the Chief of Protocol .
whitlock caught up with mobuto but [stayed] discreetly in the background while he finished talking to the chief of protocol .

The Arab 's face remained motionless .
the arab 's face [stayed] motionless .

Graham and Laidlaw remained motionless , not daring to look at each other .
graham and laidlaw [stayed] motionless , not daring to look at each other .

Ever since the rise of Irish Republicanism the people of Ulster have remained loyal to Britain , loyal to a great Empire in days of yore and to not such a great Empire in recent times .
ever since the rise of irish republicanism the people of ulster have [stayed] loyal to britain , loyal to a great empire in days of yore and to not such a great empire in recent times .

which in a period of notable inflation remained at 10 .
which in a period of notable inflation [stayed] at 10 .

Despite the local subsidy , relations between School and Company remained cordial .
despite the local subsidy , relations between school and company [stayed] cordial .

Between 1712 and 1716 the lots were sold to about twenty different persons : the same rents remained in force for the next century .
between 1712 and 1716 the lots were sold to about twenty different persons : the same rents [stayed] in force for the next century .

The matter remained `` under consideration `` — perhaps inevitably , as the precarious financial position of the School continued to keep its very existence at stake .
the matter [stayed] `` under consideration `` — perhaps inevitably , as the precarious financial position of the school continued to keep its very existence at stake .

There still remained the financial plight .
there still [stayed] the financial plight .

retired to the Cotswolds for a well-deserved rest from public service , though they remained as trustees of the Sir Alan Sykes Trust , a charitable fund established in 1954 and the main beneficiary of `` which has been the School .
retired to the cotswolds for a well-deserved rest from public service , though they [stayed] as trustees of the sir alan sykes trust , a charitable fund established in 1954 and the main beneficiary of `` which has been the school .

Throwing back his head , he looked for the last time at the cloud-torn sky , and begged the Lord to watch over them and keep them safe ; and then he was gone , and all that remained was the surging waves and the cold , white crests of foam .
throwing back his head , he looked for the last time at the cloud-torn sky , and begged the lord to watch over them and keep them safe ; and then he was gone , and all that [stayed] was the surging waves and the cold , white crests of foam .

She remained very still .
she [stayed] very still .

The young man remained in the hall .
the young man [stayed] in the hall .

Unemployment remained low .
unemployment [stayed] low .

To most people in the rural areas a car and a radio , and even electric power , remained luxuries they could not afford .
to most people in the rural areas a car and a radio , and even electric power , [stayed] luxuries they could not afford .

Unemployment remained high and the economy recovered very slowly .
unemployment [stayed] high and the economy recovered very slowly .

There remained very large groups — such as the blacks and rural poor who still only scraped a living .
there [stayed] very large groups — such as the blacks and rural poor who still only scraped a living .

The President personally remained immensely popular and in 1944 he fought and won his fourth presidential campaign .
the president personally [stayed] immensely popular and in 1944 he fought and won his fourth presidential campaign .

Although the Democrats had recaptured control of both the Senate and the House , there remained a conservative majority made up of southern Democrats and Republicans .
although the democrats had recaptured control of both the senate and the house , there [stayed] a conservative majority made up of southern democrats and republicans .

To the mass of Americans , he remained `` Ike `` — a friendly and unpretentious man , who `` incorporated in personality , manner and appearance all that Americans liked to picture as the national virtues `` .
to the mass of americans , he [stayed] `` ike `` — a friendly and unpretentious man , who `` incorporated in personality , manner and appearance all that americans liked to picture as the national virtues `` .

The budget remained out of balance and the Republicans left office in 1960 with a $ 20 million deficit .
the budget [stayed] out of balance and the republicans left office in 1960 with a $ 20 million deficit .

Passions gradually subsided in Little Rock , and elsewhere , but the progress of school integration remained very slow : 10 years later only about 10 % of black children in the South attended desegregated schools .
passions gradually subsided in little rock , and elsewhere , but the progress of school integration [stayed] very slow : 10 years later only about 10 % of black children in the south attended desegregated schools .

142–3 ) , Africa and Asia , competition with the Communist world to secure the dominant influence remained the chief consideration for Washington .
142–3 ) , africa and asia , competition with the communist world to secure the dominant influence [stayed] the chief consideration for washington .

Johnson 's legislative record was enormously impressive , but the Great Society remained more a vision than a reality .
johnson 's legislative record was enormously impressive , but the great society [stayed] more a vision than a reality .

Many blacks remained far from contented , yet two factors helped the President 's effort to quieten the racial issue .
many blacks [stayed] far from contented , yet two factors helped the president 's effort to quieten the racial issue .

Nixon now agreed to release some of the tapes ; but others remained `` missing `` and on one a vital section had been erased `` accidentally `` .
nixon now agreed to release some of the tapes ; but others [stayed] `` missing `` and on one a vital section had been erased `` accidentally `` .

His own political standpoint remained obscure and he wisely campaigned on the broad issue of honest government .
his own political standpoint [stayed] obscure and he wisely campaigned on the broad issue of honest government .

Yet a soaring budget deficit , fuelled by vast spending on defence , remained a sign of the fragility of any recovery as election year ( 1984 ) approached .
yet a soaring budget deficit , fuelled by vast spending on defence , [stayed] a sign of the fragility of any recovery as election year ( 1984 ) approached .

The southern tip of Greenland , known as Prince Christian , was to be used as a decision point where it would be decided whether enough fuel remained to proceed to Goose Bay or whether it would be necessary to proceed to the alternate .
the southern tip of greenland , known as prince christian , was to be used as a decision point where it would be decided whether enough fuel [stayed] to proceed to goose bay or whether it would be necessary to proceed to the alternate .

It was now of the utmost importance for the Unionists to clarify their own position ; Balfour 's pledge had been a conditional one and was not in any case binding on his successor , but the unpopularity of food taxes remained .
it was now of the utmost importance for the unionists to clarify their own position ; balfour 's pledge had been a conditional one and was not in any case binding on his successor , but the unpopularity of food taxes [stayed] .

In the end of course the government 's majority triumphed and the whole affair died away , but Marconi remained a favourite cry of Unionist hecklers in 1914 .
in the end of course the government 's majority triumphed and the whole affair died away , but marconi [stayed] a favourite cry of unionist hecklers in 1914 .

There remained doubt about the length of the exclusion , but it would certainly go past the next election and so allow a Unionist government to make it permanent .
there [stayed] doubt about the length of the exclusion , but it would certainly go past the next election and so allow a unionist government to make it permanent .

However , his candidature in 1911 had been aided by three factors : he was a Conservative rather than a Liberal Unionist , but he was the sort of Conservative who would be acceptable to Liberal Unionists as well ; he was a diehard in opinion , but he had remained loyal to Balfour 's policy throughout the recent twists and turns ; and he had staked a claim by his abandonment of his safe London seat to fight North-West Manchester in December 1910 ( at no real risk , for an alternative safe seat was always available to him if and when he lost ) .
however , his candidature in 1911 had been aided by three factors : he was a conservative rather than a liberal unionist , but he was the sort of conservative who would be acceptable to liberal unionists as well ; he was a diehard in opinion , but he had [stayed] loyal to balfour 's policy throughout the recent twists and turns ; and he had staked a claim by his abandonment of his safe london seat to fight north-west manchester in december 1910 ( at no real risk , for an alternative safe seat was always available to him if and when he lost ) .

For it is the personality of Law that has remained as elusive to historians as it was to his own contemporaries .
for it is the personality of law that has [stayed] as elusive to historians as it was to his own contemporaries .

He remained a very private individual during his twelve years at the top , rarely venturing into society and always preferring a quiet dinner alone or with chosen friends to an elaborate occasion .
he [stayed] a very private individual during his twelve years at the top , rarely venturing into society and always preferring a quiet dinner alone or with chosen friends to an elaborate occasion .

He thus remained an enigma , a man who could not be known as most politicians were known and who seemed to shun such contacts .
he thus [stayed] an enigma , a man who could not be known as most politicians were known and who seemed to shun such contacts .

If the local organization after an election remained active , on a permanent basis of annual subscription , with a permanent organizing secretary who would attend to the registration work and become the agent at the next election , a candidate could , and probably would , be selected on his merits , and the constituency would be independent of men whose only merit was their wealth .
if the local organization after an election [stayed] active , on a permanent basis of annual subscription , with a permanent organizing secretary who would attend to the registration work and become the agent at the next election , a candidate could , and probably would , be selected on his merits , and the constituency would be independent of men whose only merit was their wealth .

Agreement on the prosecution of the war remained through 1917 and 1918 , and effective opposition to the government passed from the Unionist back benches to the Asquithian Liberals and the House of Lords .
agreement on the prosecution of the war [stayed] through 1917 and 1918 , and effective opposition to the government passed from the unionist back benches to the asquithian liberals and the house of lords .

There was no danger that the party would be outflanked on the right as long as the war remained the most pressing national and party interest , and the National party was a complete fiasco .
there was no danger that the party would be outflanked on the right as long as the war [stayed] the most pressing national and party interest , and the national party was a complete fiasco .

In the Labour movement it never made much impact , for it always remained an alien force , financed and directed from outside , but it achieved something in taking the battle on to the streets in order to break up the meetings of the left .
in the labour movement it never made much impact , for it always [stayed] an alien force , financed and directed from outside , but it achieved something in taking the battle on to the streets in order to break up the meetings of the left .

In the event , the actual redistribution of 1918 came as something of a disappointment , for although there was redistribution within Ireland , the overall number of Irish seats remained the same , and there was only a small increase in the number of English seats .
in the event , the actual redistribution of 1918 came as something of a disappointment , for although there was redistribution within ireland , the overall number of irish seats [stayed] the same , and there was only a small increase in the number of english seats .

Baldwin was one party man who remained a convinced Christian but without certainty about forms , and he was also characteristic of one sort of party response to the suffering caused by the war itself .
baldwin was one party man who [stayed] a convinced christian but without certainty about forms , and he was also characteristic of one sort of party response to the suffering caused by the war itself .

For the older men , who had sent their sons to slaughter , there remained a determination to make conditions better ; for the younger men there was an almost obsessive guilt at having survived the holocaust when so many friends had died .
for the older men , who had sent their sons to slaughter , there [stayed] a determination to make conditions better ; for the younger men there was an almost obsessive guilt at having survived the holocaust when so many friends had died .

National service remained the prime reason for coalition .
national service [stayed] the prime reason for coalition .

electoral pacts between Liberals and Unionists to resist municipal Labour created the same direct contacts and in some places the pacts remained for the rest of the inter-war years .
electoral pacts between liberals and unionists to resist municipal labour created the same direct contacts and in some places the pacts [stayed] for the rest of the inter-war years .

No agreed reform plan had been forthcoming in 1917–18 but it remained an agreed priority of the government to the end , and pledge after pledge was given .
no agreed reform plan had been forthcoming in 1917–18 but it [stayed] an agreed priority of the government to the end , and pledge after pledge was given .

One problem remained to be settled , which was the working out of the electoral pact .
one problem [stayed] to be settled , which was the working out of the electoral pact .

By this time Long would not have been a possible leader , and so the third contender of 1911 alone remained : Austen Chamberlain .
by this time long would not have been a possible leader , and so the third contender of 1911 alone [stayed] : austen chamberlain .

Hazel and Fiver remained in the ditch , nibbling half-heartedly at the dark grass .
hazel and fiver [stayed] in the ditch , nibbling half-heartedly at the dark grass .

For long moments it gazed and the rabbits remained motionless , staring back without a sound .
for long moments it gazed and the rabbits [stayed] motionless , staring back without a sound .

Hazel waited for Fiver to speak , but he remained silent .
hazel waited for fiver to speak , but he [stayed] silent .

Only Fiver remained solitary .
only fiver [stayed] solitary .

The other rabbit remained motionless .
the other rabbit [stayed] motionless .

Only a few of the rabbits remained above ground .
only a few of the rabbits [stayed] above ground .

But when they were finished the hall remained full .
but when they were finished the hall [stayed] full .

The light , as it grew , began to show the upper field , while the distant hedge and brook remained dark , linear shapes below .
the light , as it grew , began to show the upper field , while the distant hedge and brook [stayed] dark , linear shapes below .

Contrary to his fears , however , Bigwig remained as silent as himself .
contrary to his fears , however , bigwig [stayed] as silent as himself .

Across the gill a rusting compressed air chamber and a few ruined walls were all that remained of the Sir Francis Level , one of the last and most mechanised mines driven in the dale .
across the gill a rusting compressed air chamber and a few ruined walls were all that [stayed] of the sir francis level , one of the last and most mechanised mines driven in the dale .

Nevertheless he remained highly sceptical of quantum theory .
nevertheless he [stayed] highly sceptical of quantum theory .

Change the observations you were going to make and you had a new situation , even if the system to be observed remained the same .
change the observations you were going to make and you had a new situation , even if the system to be observed [stayed] the same .

The wistful longing after a determinate hidden variable theory clearly remained unassuaged .
the wistful longing after a determinate hidden variable theory clearly [stayed] unassuaged .

Although it had become easier for some middle-class men ( or their sons ) to earn membership of the national ruling culture by Edwardian times , their status as true `` gentlemen `` remained equivocal in an atmosphere of continued mistrust of the business community , albeit tempered by outbreaks of anxiety over the volatility of the lower orders which it was felt the task of their middle-class superiors to defuse .
although it had become easier for some middle-class men ( or their sons ) to earn membership of the national ruling culture by edwardian times , their status as true `` gentlemen `` [stayed] equivocal in an atmosphere of continued mistrust of the business community , albeit tempered by outbreaks of anxiety over the volatility of the lower orders which it was felt the task of their middle-class superiors to defuse .

Since the Newbolt Report is the first , and indeed has remained the single most comprehensive official report on English , there has been a tendency to use it as the key to the most fundamental ideological impulses of the discipline .
since the newbolt report is the first , and indeed has [stayed] the single most comprehensive official report on english , there has been a tendency to use it as the key to the most fundamental ideological impulses of the discipline .

Thus , the discipline remained dogged by the problem of accounting for literary value despite its professional insulation from exposure to the danger of degradations of value in the extra-academic worlds of the literary market-place , the school system , and mass culture .
thus , the discipline [stayed] dogged by the problem of accounting for literary value despite its professional insulation from exposure to the danger of degradations of value in the extra-academic worlds of the literary market-place , the school system , and mass culture .

Attractive as this new programme was as a response to the requirements of `` relevance `` , and the need to fight off incursions by scientific and technological education , it remained none the less vulnerable on a number of counts .
attractive as this new programme was as a response to the requirements of `` relevance `` , and the need to fight off incursions by scientific and technological education , it [stayed] none the less vulnerable on a number of counts .

While it remained possible to cling to a sense of the `` vital ambitions `` of the discipline , `` human and institutional frailties `` were seen as likely to inhibit the achievement of such ambitions .
while it [stayed] possible to cling to a sense of the `` vital ambitions `` of the discipline , `` human and institutional frailties `` were seen as likely to inhibit the achievement of such ambitions .

Thus , despite the development since the 1970s of a whole plethora of `` critical `` and `` theoretical `` approaches to literature , English studies remained ( and remains still ) radically inconceivable without those texts which authorize it as an area of English and literary study .
thus , despite the development since the 1970s of a whole plethora of `` critical `` and `` theoretical `` approaches to literature , english studies [stayed] ( and remains still ) radically inconceivable without those texts which authorize it as an area of english and literary study .

Money remained the dominant concern this year , perhaps most keenly among those who could not attend .
money [stayed] the dominant concern this year , perhaps most keenly among those who could not attend .

In 1815 it was returned to Antwerp and placed in the huge Gothic Cathedral of Our Lady , where it has remained ever since .
in 1815 it was returned to antwerp and placed in the huge gothic cathedral of our lady , where it has [stayed] ever since .

It remained in use until the middle of the last century , when alterations were carried out .
it [stayed] in use until the middle of the last century , when alterations were carried out .

For all the familiarity of Degas ' bronze ballet-dancers , racehorses and nudes , the big questions about them have remained unanswered , even unasked ; when exactly were they made ?
for all the familiarity of degas ' bronze ballet-dancers , racehorses and nudes , the big questions about them have [stayed] unanswered , even unasked ; when exactly were they made ?

Until recently , the method by which Hébrard made the casts , enabling him to preserve the original waxes ( most of them owned today by Paul Mellon ) has been shrouded in mystery and the precise number of the edition has remained uncertain .
until recently , the method by which hébrard made the casts , enabling him to preserve the original waxes ( most of them owned today by paul mellon ) has been shrouded in mystery and the precise number of the edition has [stayed] uncertain .

Pakistan fielded three substitutes as England began their tantalising chase against the three Ws : Wasim , Waqar and the weather , which remained changeable .
pakistan fielded three substitutes as england began their tantalising chase against the three ws : wasim , waqar and the weather , which [stayed] changeable .

Johnson thought they ‘ remained convinced that the umpires were on some kind of personal mission to upset them ’ .
johnson thought they ‘ [stayed] convinced that the umpires were on some kind of personal mission to upset them ’ .

Mallender and Malcolm were easy meat for yorkers , and even Tufnell , who remained not-out , was knocked off his feet by a boot-crusher at the other end from Waqar .
mallender and malcolm were easy meat for yorkers , and even tufnell , who [stayed] not-out , was knocked off his feet by a boot-crusher at the other end from waqar .

The policy of Augustus towards Britain was to maintain Caesar 's conquest together with the alliances made for the development of trade , and also to ensure that the coastline vital to a successful Roman landing remained in friendly hands .
the policy of augustus towards britain was to maintain caesar 's conquest together with the alliances made for the development of trade , and also to ensure that the coastline vital to a successful roman landing [stayed] in friendly hands .

The third governor , Didius Gallus , managed to stabilize the military position , but there remained the crucial decision on the future of Wales .
the third governor , didius gallus , managed to stabilize the military position , but there [stayed] the crucial decision on the future of wales .

Cartimandua , Queen of the Brigantes , also remained loyal ; had she turned against Rome she had the resources to turn the balance with a sudden thrust from the north .
cartimandua , queen of the brigantes , also [stayed] loyal ; had she turned against rome she had the resources to turn the balance with a sudden thrust from the north .

Not all of these lands remained in imperial ownership .
not all of these lands [stayed] in imperial ownership .

The image of the hunt , brought into sharp focus by the cave paintings , remained in song , dance and saga long after the basic need to kill had passed .
the image of the hunt , brought into sharp focus by the cave paintings , [stayed] in song , dance and saga long after the basic need to kill had passed .

The basic concept of the act of killing and the flow of blood remained as an image of the life force and the continuity of the kin group through conception , pregnancy and birth .
the basic concept of the act of killing and the flow of blood [stayed] as an image of the life force and the continuity of the kin group through conception , pregnancy and birth .

To this extent the gifts were tokens , and this basic concept remained , although under Rome , it was possible for individuals to make their own approaches with votive offerings .
to this extent the gifts were tokens , and this basic concept [stayed] , although under rome , it was possible for individuals to make their own approaches with votive offerings .

In paintings , particularly well represented this year , the FFr1 million mark remained a barrier beyond which clients chose to go home and think .
in paintings , particularly well represented this year , the ffr1 million mark [stayed] a barrier beyond which clients chose to go home and think .

Throughout the internal conflict and external aggression suffered by the Sri Lankan people , the Lanka Guardian has remained consistent in encouraging the pursuit of peaceful solutions .
throughout the internal conflict and external aggression suffered by the sri lankan people , the lanka guardian has [stayed] consistent in encouraging the pursuit of peaceful solutions .

But once the size of companies expanded further it was very easy to accommodate the fact that whilst directors remained responsible for the formulation of the overall policy of the company the ordinary management was entrusted to executives .
but once the size of companies expanded further it was very easy to accommodate the fact that whilst directors [stayed] responsible for the formulation of the overall policy of the company the ordinary management was entrusted to executives .

Because family law has remained stuck in its empiricist mode the limitations of this approach have not been appreciated by academic family lawyers .
because family law has [stayed] stuck in its empiricist mode the limitations of this approach have not been appreciated by academic family lawyers .

Those contents that remained were either plundered by the aparatchiks of the new regime or dumped in some local museum .
those contents that [stayed] were either plundered by the aparatchiks of the new regime or dumped in some local museum .

Leonidov was one of the many Soviet architects of the Avant-garde whose designs remained projects on paper , only a staircase , in the Kislodovsk sanatorium , ever being executed .
leonidov was one of the many soviet architects of the avant-garde whose designs [stayed] projects on paper , only a staircase , in the kislodovsk sanatorium , ever being executed .

The Belgian government did everything it could to keep the works in the country : a genealogist was employed to trace distant relatives of the artist , and a new law on donations of works of art was passed , with the express purpose of encouraging his heirs to pay the death duties in kind ( in which case roughly 80 % of the collection would have remained in Belgium ) .
the belgian government did everything it could to keep the works in the country : a genealogist was employed to trace distant relatives of the artist , and a new law on donations of works of art was passed , with the express purpose of encouraging his heirs to pay the death duties in kind ( in which case roughly 80 % of the collection would have [stayed] in belgium ) .

These kings chose Angkor at the beginning of the ninth century for their residence and remained there until 1431 , when they were defeated by the Thais .
these kings chose angkor at the beginning of the ninth century for their residence and [stayed] there until 1431 , when they were defeated by the thais .

Although cigarette smoking prevalence has remained higher among men than among women , there has been a narrowing in the gap between the proportions of men and women who smoke cigarettes .
although cigarette smoking prevalence has [stayed] higher among men than among women , there has been a narrowing in the gap between the proportions of men and women who smoke cigarettes .

Cigarette consumption among women also rose between 1972 and 1976 , from 87 to 101 and has since remained more or less constant at just over or just under 100 cigarettes per week .
cigarette consumption among women also rose between 1972 and 1976 , from 87 to 101 and has since [stayed] more or less constant at just over or just under 100 cigarettes per week .

In 1986 , smoking among boys fell to 7 % with girls at 12 % [ 3 ] ; in 1988 , in England , boys ' smoking remained at 7 % but girls still smoked more at 9 % [ 4 ] .
in 1986 , smoking among boys fell to 7 % with girls at 12 % [ 3 ] ; in 1988 , in england , boys ' smoking [stayed] at 7 % but girls still smoked more at 9 % [ 4 ] .

He leaned on her unhesitatingly in all times of crisis and disaster , remained all his life proud of her beauty , her birth and her intelligence … In later years when they were reduced to penury , she displayed great moral heroism in preserving intact the framework of a family and a household , which alone enabled her husband to continue his work .
he leaned on her unhesitatingly in all times of crisis and disaster , [stayed] all his life proud of her beauty , her birth and her intelligence … in later years when they were reduced to penury , she displayed great moral heroism in preserving intact the framework of a family and a household , which alone enabled her husband to continue his work .

But it was Cromwell who remained the arch repository of true evil in the world , Cromwell who had persecuted Ireland so greatly as to overshadow even Queen Elizabeth who , vilifying Mary Stuart , had put her to a martyr 's death .
but it was cromwell who [stayed] the arch repository of true evil in the world , cromwell who had persecuted ireland so greatly as to overshadow even queen elizabeth who , vilifying mary stuart , had put her to a martyr 's death .

In addition , some of the countries whose boundaries have remained relatively stable produce such a wide variety of items , stemming from the diverse cultural , religious and ethnic backgrounds of their people , that it is impossible to categorize their rugs under one homogeneous style .
in addition , some of the countries whose boundaries have [stayed] relatively stable produce such a wide variety of items , stemming from the diverse cultural , religious and ethnic backgrounds of their people , that it is impossible to categorize their rugs under one homogeneous style .

This scheme was first transposed into carpets in the 16th century , and has remained the dominant feature of Persian compositions ever since .
this scheme was first transposed into carpets in the 16th century , and has [stayed] the dominant feature of persian compositions ever since .

But he has remained in contact with the motor racing as a broadcaster and interviewer .
but he has [stayed] in contact with the motor racing as a broadcaster and interviewer .

Endurance racing has remained one of the most popular forms of motor racing and , apart from the Formula One World Championship , the Sports Car World Championship is the longest surviving World Championship even , although it has appeared under different guises since first seen in 1953 .
endurance racing has [stayed] one of the most popular forms of motor racing and , apart from the formula one world championship , the sports car world championship is the longest surviving world championship even , although it has appeared under different guises since first seen in 1953 .

The first race was from Paris to Lyons in 1900 and it remained an open road race until 1903 when it was held over the Athy circuit in Ireland .
the first race was from paris to lyons in 1900 and it [stayed] an open road race until 1903 when it was held over the athy circuit in ireland .

The majority of work on structural semantics has remained philosophical or at best highly theoretical , and has inspired few computational implementations .
the majority of work on structural semantics has [stayed] philosophical or at best highly theoretical , and has inspired few computational implementations .

There is no suggestion that Gloucester enjoyed any influence within the lordships , where the royal officials remained unchanged .
there is no suggestion that gloucester enjoyed any influence within the lordships , where the royal officials [stayed] unchanged .

This may mean that he had remained in the region when the court set off for the midlands at the end of June .
this may mean that he had [stayed] in the region when the court set off for the midlands at the end of june .

Although annuities and major office remained in the gift of the crown , with the issue of letters patent under the duchy seal warranted by royal signet or sign manual , these grants were the result of lobbying by interested parties and the chief steward was well placed to have his wishes heard .
although annuities and major office [stayed] in the gift of the crown , with the issue of letters patent under the duchy seal warranted by royal signet or sign manual , these grants were the result of lobbying by interested parties and the chief steward was well placed to have his wishes heard .

Support for the accusation comes from two cases where associates of the duke were dismissed by the council for failing to render account , but then remained in post .
support for the accusation comes from two cases where associates of the duke were dismissed by the council for failing to render account , but then [stayed] in post .

Sir Ralph Ashton , the receiver of Pickering , was dismissed in 1480 , but remained in office until after Richard 's death .
sir ralph ashton , the receiver of pickering , was dismissed in 1480 , but [stayed] in office until after richard 's death .

The forests further west remained in the control of the Stanleys and others .
the forests further west [stayed] in the control of the stanleys and others .

The remoteness of the county must always have meant that kings remained particularly dependent on local good will .
the remoteness of the county must always have meant that kings [stayed] particularly dependent on local good will .

The de Vere lands remained a source of reward for northern servants of the duke .
the de vere lands [stayed] a source of reward for northern servants of the duke .

He was himself a member of the prince 's council , and although he is unlikely to have played much part in its activities this is only to be expected from a nobleman of his rank and does not mean that he remained aloof from the king 's plans for the region .
he was himself a member of the prince 's council , and although he is unlikely to have played much part in its activities this is only to be expected from a nobleman of his rank and does not mean that he [stayed] aloof from the king 's plans for the region .

Lesser offices remained the preserve of local men , although they were usually people of limited importance .
lesser offices [stayed] the preserve of local men , although they were usually people of limited importance .

The archbishop remained out of favour .
the archbishop [stayed] out of favour .

Change was slow : divorce rose from an annual average of 148 in the decade after 1851 to 582 in the decade before 1900 ; and divorce remained a strong social stigma .
change was slow : divorce rose from an annual average of 148 in the decade after 1851 to 582 in the decade before 1900 ; and divorce [stayed] a strong social stigma .

’ Nevertheless , many doctors did recognise the sexual connections of hysteria and the emotional conflicts behind it ; the problem remained one of treatment .
’ nevertheless , many doctors did recognise the sexual connections of hysteria and the emotional conflicts behind it ; the problem [stayed] one of treatment .

Despite the new marriage codes , common-law partnerships also remained popular — and may even have increased in the nineteenth century .
despite the new marriage codes , common-law partnerships also [stayed] popular — and may even have increased in the nineteenth century .

Mayhew described the costermongers living in the coster districts of London with wives to whom they were not legally married although they remained permanently attached , and these are only the most famous of such alliances .
mayhew described the costermongers living in the coster districts of london with wives to whom they were not legally married although they [stayed] permanently attached , and these are only the most famous of such alliances .

Many women who moved into occasional prostitution through economic necessity had probably already had previous sexual experience , and for many the distinction between occasional sex with a young wooer and clandestine prostitution may have remained fluid .
many women who moved into occasional prostitution through economic necessity had probably already had previous sexual experience , and for many the distinction between occasional sex with a young wooer and clandestine prostitution may have [stayed] fluid .

It appears primarily amongst women who were born and remained in a rural area , and she detects a striking rise in rural illegitimacy .
it appears primarily amongst women who were born and [stayed] in a rural area , and she detects a striking rise in rural illegitimacy .

Certainly formal sex education remained poor .
certainly formal sex education [stayed] poor .

Even in a city like London , with no large industrial base and a preponderance of casual labourers , we can see in the last half of the nineteenth century , as Gareth Stedman Jones has put it , the ‘ emergence of a working class culture which showed itself impervious to middle class attempts to guide it ’ , even as it remained politically conservative , and it developed deeply rooted family patterns of its own .
even in a city like london , with no large industrial base and a preponderance of casual labourers , we can see in the last half of the nineteenth century , as gareth stedman jones has put it , the ‘ emergence of a working class culture which showed itself impervious to middle class attempts to guide it ’ , even as it [stayed] politically conservative , and it developed deeply rooted family patterns of its own .

Homes remained often uncomfortable of course , and the pub was still a major centre of social life , but the late nineteenth century also saw the growth of a greater emphasis on home , and of new leisure opportunities for both adults which in London particularly is best epitomised in the music hall .
homes [stayed] often uncomfortable of course , and the pub was still a major centre of social life , but the late nineteenth century also saw the growth of a greater emphasis on home , and of new leisure opportunities for both adults which in london particularly is best epitomised in the music hall .

The family remained ostensibly a privileged domain , even while it was being legally and ideologically constructed and unified .
the family [stayed] ostensibly a privileged domain , even while it was being legally and ideologically constructed and unified .

From the early part of the nineteenth century , until absorbed in the new social purity movements of the 1880s , the Society for the Suppression of Vice ( founded in 1802 and known universally as the Vice Society ) remained the Victorian 's basic legal force against the obscene , and its work demonstrates the often close relationship between private vigilance and public authorities .
from the early part of the nineteenth century , until absorbed in the new social purity movements of the 1880s , the society for the suppression of vice ( founded in 1802 and known universally as the vice society ) [stayed] the victorian 's basic legal force against the obscene , and its work demonstrates the often close relationship between private vigilance and public authorities .

There were cross-currents ; for instance , books banned in the 1880s reappeared in the 1890s , but social purity remained vigorous through the 1890s and 1900s , particularly through voluntary organisations , such as local vigilance committees , public morality organisations and bodies like the Salvation Army , bringing closure orders against brothels , hunting out displays of vice , prosecuting obscene books , and promoting wholesome literature .
there were cross-currents ; for instance , books banned in the 1880s reappeared in the 1890s , but social purity [stayed] vigorous through the 1890s and 1900s , particularly through voluntary organisations , such as local vigilance committees , public morality organisations and bodies like the salvation army , bringing closure orders against brothels , hunting out displays of vice , prosecuting obscene books , and promoting wholesome literature .

The state remained reluctant to initiate legislation to enforce morality , though by the 1880s it was clearly responsive to its perception of public pressure .
the state [stayed] reluctant to initiate legislation to enforce morality , though by the 1880s it was clearly responsive to its perception of public pressure .

Even so Murdock remained faithful to the firm of Boulton & Watt .
even so murdock [stayed] faithful to the firm of boulton & watt .

Nonetheless , she remained silent .
nonetheless , she [stayed] silent .

The ‘ broth ’ laughed , but Patsy remained intransigent .
the ‘ broth ’ laughed , but patsy [stayed] intransigent .

Much of rural Ireland remained desperately poor .
much of rural ireland [stayed] desperately poor .

Poverty had always been , and remained , the normal condition of a substantial proportion of the population in all known societies .
poverty had always been , and [stayed] , the normal condition of a substantial proportion of the population in all known societies .

But the belief that it was necessary not simply to lessen poverty but to improve the moral standards of labourers and also of capitalists remained central to the debate .
but the belief that it was necessary not simply to lessen poverty but to improve the moral standards of labourers and also of capitalists [stayed] central to the debate .

Liberal politicians led by Gladstone remained convinced that state action posed a danger to individual freedom , and would rarely assist economic growth or social or moral improvement .
liberal politicians led by gladstone [stayed] convinced that state action posed a danger to individual freedom , and would rarely assist economic growth or social or moral improvement .

Although opposition to state action to alleviate poverty remained strong to the end of the century , countervailing pressures were growing .
although opposition to state action to alleviate poverty [stayed] strong to the end of the century , countervailing pressures were growing .

Strong opposition remained to the growth of state interference .
strong opposition [stayed] to the growth of state interference .

Certainly , and not surprisingly , the higher stratum of more secure workers and to a lesser extent their families had access to better health and also housing provision in this period before the state played a significant role in either area — at least for as long as they remained in fairly regular work .
certainly , and not surprisingly , the higher stratum of more secure workers and to a lesser extent their families had access to better health and also housing provision in this period before the state played a significant role in either area — at least for as long as they [stayed] in fairly regular work .

This assumption arose from greater understanding of the complex causes of poverty , but this remained incomplete .
this assumption arose from greater understanding of the complex causes of poverty , but this [stayed] incomplete .

Britain remained , to the end of the century , slow — compared for example with Germany — to provide advanced technical education .
britain [stayed] , to the end of the century , slow — compared for example with germany — to provide advanced technical education .

Curricula remained largely confined to ‘ the three Rs ’ and to rote-learning , although more adventurous , again mainly urban , school , boards , especially those of London , were beginning to widen their curricula and to provide ‘ higher elementary ’ education for older children .
curricula [stayed] largely confined to ‘ the three rs ’ and to rote-learning , although more adventurous , again mainly urban , school , boards , especially those of london , were beginning to widen their curricula and to provide ‘ higher elementary ’ education for older children .

Enforcement remained a major difficulty .
enforcement [stayed] a major difficulty .

In the absence of other acceptable proposals or of the will on the part of government to override opposition to such proposals as existed , shortage of revenue remained an obstacle to central government action and was acutely worsened by the high cost of the Boer War which opened in 1899 .
in the absence of other acceptable proposals or of the will on the part of government to override opposition to such proposals as existed , shortage of revenue [stayed] an obstacle to central government action and was acutely worsened by the high cost of the boer war which opened in 1899 .

The problem remained also of women who had no male to give them at least partial support , because they were widowed , deserted or never married ; the census of 1911 counted 327,737 aged between 15 and 55 and thus likely to have dependent children .
the problem [stayed] also of women who had no male to give them at least partial support , because they were widowed , deserted or never married ; the census of 1911 counted 327,737 aged between 15 and 55 and thus likely to have dependent children .

The difficulties faced by these and by other women with dependent husbands or parents remained as great as before ; neither higher wages nor action by the state came to their rescue .
the difficulties faced by these and by other women with dependent husbands or parents [stayed] as great as before ; neither higher wages nor action by the state came to their rescue .

Female access to other forms of working-class self-help also remained extremely limited .
female access to other forms of working-class self-help also [stayed] extremely limited .

How to avert both these dangers became a major concern among employers , politicians and in the press , although optimism remained that solutions could be found .
how to avert both these dangers became a major concern among employers , politicians and in the press , although optimism [stayed] that solutions could be found .

Equally disturbing was the fact that the birth rate was falling more rapidly than that of Germany and that the infant mortality rate remained high .
equally disturbing was the fact that the birth rate was falling more rapidly than that of germany and that the infant mortality rate [stayed] high .

There remained grounds for believing that the mass of the working class could be persuaded to support a modified status quo and wider acceptance that the claims of labour for better conditions were either legitimate or , at least , necessitated some compromise to avoid a more threatening mass move to the left .
there [stayed] grounds for believing that the mass of the working class could be persuaded to support a modified status quo and wider acceptance that the claims of labour for better conditions were either legitimate or , at least , necessitated some compromise to avoid a more threatening mass move to the left .

Fear of Labour remained the motive for the promotion of social reform among non-Labour politicians , but equally important were military and economic fears .
fear of labour [stayed] the motive for the promotion of social reform among non-labour politicians , but equally important were military and economic fears .

‘ Self-help ’ through mutual aid institutions remained crucial to the survival of all who could achieve it , with most such institutions expanding steadily .
‘ self-help ’ through mutual aid institutions [stayed] crucial to the survival of all who could achieve it , with most such institutions expanding steadily .

It concluded that while actual deterioration remained unproven ( medical witnesses in particular were sceptical about deterioration ) , working-class health and nutrition left much to be desired .
it concluded that while actual deterioration [stayed] unproven ( medical witnesses in particular were sceptical about deterioration ) , working-class health and nutrition left much to be desired .

Unemployment was less easily ignored ; it reached a peak in the winter of 1902–03 and remained high , especially in the winter months , throughout the Conservatives ' period in office .
unemployment was less easily ignored ; it reached a peak in the winter of 1902–03 and [stayed] high , especially in the winter months , throughout the conservatives ' period in office .

It remained , nonetheless , within the tradition of mobilizing voluntary in place of state action wherever possible .
it [stayed] , nonetheless , within the tradition of mobilizing voluntary in place of state action wherever possible .

And the old problem remained that skilled men would neither be given suitable work nor time to seek it for themselves .
and the old problem [stayed] that skilled men would neither be given suitable work nor time to seek it for themselves .

Hence the Poor Law remained substantially unreformed by 1914 .
hence the poor law [stayed] substantially unreformed by 1914 .

The problems of overcrowding and homelessness remained as great as in 1900 .
the problems of overcrowding and homelessness [stayed] as great as in 1900 .

Given the conservative treatment of revenues from lands , customs and feudal dues it is remarkable that the peacetime account of the Crown should have remained so healthy .
given the conservative treatment of revenues from lands , customs and feudal dues it is remarkable that the peacetime account of the crown should have [stayed] so healthy .

Various offices remained in the gift of the Lord Treasurer and the Chancellor of the Exchequer , but they were mostly of a subordinate kind .
various offices [stayed] in the gift of the lord treasurer and the chancellor of the exchequer , but they were mostly of a subordinate kind .

Later on Mill was reinstated by the Queen , but suspicions against him remained .
later on mill was reinstated by the queen , but suspicions against him [stayed] .

The spread of readily available and simple means of contraception has meant that the wife is less likely to spend much of her life in the bearing and rearing of children and is more likely to seek employment outside the home , thereby developing a source of income and interests outside her traditionally defined role : ‘ … in Britain the proportion of all wives in paid work went up from 10 per cent in 1911 ( as it remained in 1931 ) to 26 per cent in 1951 and 42 per cent in 1971 ’ ( Young and Willmott , 1975 , p. 101 ) .
the spread of readily available and simple means of contraception has meant that the wife is less likely to spend much of her life in the bearing and rearing of children and is more likely to seek employment outside the home , thereby developing a source of income and interests outside her traditionally defined role : ‘ … in britain the proportion of all wives in paid work went up from 10 per cent in 1911 ( as it [stayed] in 1931 ) to 26 per cent in 1951 and 42 per cent in 1971 ’ ( young and willmott , 1975 , p. 101 ) .

Almost immediately after birth he was sent out to a wet-nurse at the nearby village of Syderstone , where he remained until he was weaned , at about 18 months .
almost immediately after birth he was sent out to a wet-nurse at the nearby village of syderstone , where he [stayed] until he was weaned , at about 18 months .

At 6 he was dispatched to a school at Great Dunham kept by the rector , Richard Ransome , where he remained , enjoying only very brief holidays , until he went to Eton ; nor did he go home for all of his holidays .
at 6 he was dispatched to a school at great dunham kept by the rector , richard ransome , where he [stayed] , enjoying only very brief holidays , until he went to eton ; nor did he go home for all of his holidays .

Marxist — Leninist ideas became highly influential among the intelligentsia in the 1920s and have remained so ever since .
marxist — leninist ideas became highly influential among the intelligentsia in the 1920s and have [stayed] so ever since .

All that was left of the previous Dutch , English , Spanish and Portuguese contacts was a small Dutch trading station restricted to the island of Deshima in Nagasaki , which remained the only formal Western presence for over 200 years .
all that was left of the previous dutch , english , spanish and portuguese contacts was a small dutch trading station restricted to the island of deshima in nagasaki , which [stayed] the only formal western presence for over 200 years .

Within Japan economic and social changes during the Tokugawa period imposed severe strains on the political system , but despite growing concerns over the implications for Japan of foreign advances in Asia , seclusion remained for many an article of faith .
within japan economic and social changes during the tokugawa period imposed severe strains on the political system , but despite growing concerns over the implications for japan of foreign advances in asia , seclusion [stayed] for many an article of faith .

Japan 's contacts with Tsarist Russia , the only Western power with which Japan shared a border , had remained relatively friendly while Japan was sufficiently weak to pose no threat .
japan 's contacts with tsarist russia , the only western power with which japan shared a border , had [stayed] relatively friendly while japan was sufficiently weak to pose no threat .

Despite this , Japan 's own perception of her relationship with the West remained one of insecurity .
despite this , japan 's own perception of her relationship with the west [stayed] one of insecurity .

The desire for self-sufficiency and material security has remained a key arbiter of foreign relations .
the desire for self-sufficiency and material security has [stayed] a key arbiter of foreign relations .

While the Japanese often modified Chinese customs , and domestic developments frequently rendered Japanese practice far removed from the original Chinese model , Chinese-based cultural practices remained highly significant in Japan .
while the japanese often modified chinese customs , and domestic developments frequently rendered japanese practice far removed from the original chinese model , chinese-based cultural practices [stayed] highly significant in japan .

The long heritage of Chinese influence and superiority has remained a crucial factor in relations between the two countries throughout the modern period .
the long heritage of chinese influence and superiority has [stayed] a crucial factor in relations between the two countries throughout the modern period .

The country remained a semi-independent kingdom within the Chinese orbit .
the country [stayed] a semi-independent kingdom within the chinese orbit .

Though the Treaty of Kanghwa had stated Korea to be independent , the concept of a tributary relationship remained significant in thinking in both China and Korea , and during the early decades of the Meiji period China maintained a strong influence in the peninsula , being closely identified with the more conservative element whose dominance was resented by so many Japanese .
though the treaty of kanghwa had stated korea to be independent , the concept of a tributary relationship [stayed] significant in thinking in both china and korea , and during the early decades of the meiji period china maintained a strong influence in the peninsula , being closely identified with the more conservative element whose dominance was resented by so many japanese .

Although Japan was for the first time in a dominant position vis-à-vis China , the problem of disputed influence in Korea remained .
although japan was for the first time in a dominant position vis-à-vis china , the problem of disputed influence in korea [stayed] .

What remained of the armed independence movement was based in Manchuria , where it later came under communist domination and was headed by Kim Il-sung .
what [stayed] of the armed independence movement was based in manchuria , where it later came under communist domination and was headed by kim il-sung .

The Versailles peace conference acceded to Japan 's takeover of the former German concessions , but the Chinese refused to sign any treaty which did not return them to China , and Japan remained in occupation .
the versailles peace conference acceded to japan 's takeover of the former german concessions , but the chinese refused to sign any treaty which did not return them to china , and japan [stayed] in occupation .

By the late 1920s the nationalist government had achieved tariff autonomy and an agreement in principle to give up extraterritoriality , yet enclaves of foreign settlers , foreign interests and foreign troops ( nominally for protection of the first two ) remained .
by the late 1920s the nationalist government had achieved tariff autonomy and an agreement in principle to give up extraterritoriality , yet enclaves of foreign settlers , foreign interests and foreign troops ( nominally for protection of the first two ) [stayed] .

Manchukuo remained a Japanese puppet state .
manchukuo [stayed] a japanese puppet state .

While any Japanese involvement in Manchuria remained there was no hope of a rapprochement between China and Japan , and the presence of Japanese interests and troops in China only made matters worse .
while any japanese involvement in manchuria [stayed] there was no hope of a rapprochement between china and japan , and the presence of japanese interests and troops in china only made matters worse .

Chiang 's Nationalist regime moved west to Chongqing in Sichuan , where it remained beleaguered .
chiang 's nationalist regime moved west to chongqing in sichuan , where it [stayed] beleaguered .

The conventional morality and social operation of the various castes remained to a degree distinct from each other at the end of the Tokugawa period .
the conventional morality and social operation of the various castes [stayed] to a degree distinct from each other at the end of the tokugawa period .

Japan remained a predominantly agrarian society up to the late 1930s , and the family and the village community are the keys to any understanding of Japanese society in the prewar years .
japan [stayed] a predominantly agrarian society up to the late 1930s , and the family and the village community are the keys to any understanding of japanese society in the prewar years .

While the majority of Japanese remained ignorant of Western social values and customs , and of the background which had given rise to them , the new Meiji government was already moving fast to demolish the formal apparatus of Tokugawa society .
while the majority of japanese [stayed] ignorant of western social values and customs , and of the background which had given rise to them , the new meiji government was already moving fast to demolish the formal apparatus of tokugawa society .

During the Tokugawa period the position of an individual was governed by the various groups of which he or she was a member , and this remained true in the post-Restoration years .
during the tokugawa period the position of an individual was governed by the various groups of which he or she was a member , and this [stayed] true in the post-restoration years .

The structure and ethos of the village community remained pivotal to the whole system .
the structure and ethos of the village community [stayed] pivotal to the whole system .

Despite the educational and other changes , there remained after 1945 an influential hard core of élite families , many descended from the leading business , political or artistic families of the prewar years .
despite the educational and other changes , there [stayed] after 1945 an influential hard core of élite families , many descended from the leading business , political or artistic families of the prewar years .

The ie has ceased to exist as a legal entity , but the family unit has remained highly influential .
the ie has ceased to exist as a legal entity , but the family unit has [stayed] highly influential .

Within most families the roles of husband and wife have remained distinct , with the male the breadwinner and the female caring for house and children .
within most families the roles of husband and wife have [stayed] distinct , with the male the breadwinner and the female caring for house and children .

Most have remained registered as citizens of North or South Korea , aliens in their country of permanent residence .
most have [stayed] registered as citizens of north or south korea , aliens in their country of permanent residence .

It rapidly became a staple , and has remained the major crop throughout the modern period .
it rapidly became a staple , and has [stayed] the major crop throughout the modern period .

During the Tokugawa period ( 1603–1867 ) , notwithstanding advances in the manufacturing and commercial sectors , agriculture remained the basis of the economy .
during the tokugawa period ( 1603–1867 ) , notwithstanding advances in the manufacturing and commercial sectors , agriculture [stayed] the basis of the economy .

This remained substantially the case despite an increasing monetization and diversification of the economy .
this [stayed] substantially the case despite an increasing monetization and diversification of the economy .

The economic base of Japan as a whole remained overwhelmingly agrarian .
the economic base of japan as a whole [stayed] overwhelmingly agrarian .

The interdependence of the rural and urban sectors remained as strong as ever , but under the impetus of new policies and the drive for industrialization a gulf between town and country , and in particular between Tokyo and the provinces , became increasingly marked .
the interdependence of the rural and urban sectors [stayed] as strong as ever , but under the impetus of new policies and the drive for industrialization a gulf between town and country , and in particular between tokyo and the provinces , became increasingly marked .

Rice remained the main crop , but many farmers diversified .
rice [stayed] the main crop , but many farmers diversified .

Violent peasant resistance led the government to reduce the tax rate in 1877 from 3 per cent to 2.5 per cent , but the rate of land tax remained high , accounting still for one-quarter to one-third of total production .
violent peasant resistance led the government to reduce the tax rate in 1877 from 3 per cent to 2.5 per cent , but the rate of land tax [stayed] high , accounting still for one-quarter to one-third of total production .

Some who failed to find work remained unemployed and dependent on family or charity ; others resorted to domestic contract outwork , where the conditions were just as bad as anything in nineteenth-century Europe .
some who failed to find work [stayed] unemployed and dependent on family or charity ; others resorted to domestic contract outwork , where the conditions were just as bad as anything in nineteenth-century europe .

While the industrial sector remained small in real terms , much industrial production continued to be located in rural areas .
while the industrial sector [stayed] small in real terms , much industrial production continued to be located in rural areas .

The all-important production of silk , for example , remained located outside the big urban centres throughout the prewar years .
the all-important production of silk , for example , [stayed] located outside the big urban centres throughout the prewar years .

Poverty was widespread in town and country , living standards remained low , and even the pollution commonly identified as a postwar phenomenon can be found causing a major uproar in the 1890s .
poverty was widespread in town and country , living standards [stayed] low , and even the pollution commonly identified as a postwar phenomenon can be found causing a major uproar in the 1890s .

There was a growth in the concentration of landholdings from the late 1940s , but the limits remained restrictive , and agitation for their relaxation has increased .
there was a growth in the concentration of landholdings from the late 1940s , but the limits [stayed] restrictive , and agitation for their relaxation has increased .

One factor of production that remained cheap in the early years after 1945 was labour .
one factor of production that [stayed] cheap in the early years after 1945 was labour .

In return , agriculture 's contribution to the industrial and urban sectors , though quantitatively less substantial than in the prewar years , has remained important .
in return , agriculture 's contribution to the industrial and urban sectors , though quantitatively less substantial than in the prewar years , has [stayed] important .

In addition , since 1968 , the Hungarian economy has become more and more consumer-orientated , although it remained ( at least in principle ) centrally planned .
in addition , since 1968 , the hungarian economy has become more and more consumer-orientated , although it [stayed] ( at least in principle ) centrally planned .

For all that he warned against the mixing of science and religion , Bacon remained convinced that scientific conclusions had still to be limited by religion .
for all that he warned against the mixing of science and religion , bacon [stayed] convinced that scientific conclusions had still to be limited by religion .

In this respect , Aristotelian metaphysics remained subordinate to Christian doctrine .
in this respect , aristotelian metaphysics [stayed] subordinate to christian doctrine .

Moreover , it was possible to reconstruct a universe in which Christian doctrines remained intact , even if the imagery through which they had been expressed was gradually discarded .
moreover , it was possible to reconstruct a universe in which christian doctrines [stayed] intact , even if the imagery through which they had been expressed was gradually discarded .

Accordingly , there was a sense in which humanity remained close to the center , if not at the center itself .
accordingly , there was a sense in which humanity [stayed] close to the center , if not at the center itself .

In Kepler 's interpretation there was even a sense in which the earth remained central : Just as the sun had occupied the central orbit in the sequence radiating out from earth , so now the earth enjoyed that same centrality with respect to orbits around the sun .
in kepler 's interpretation there was even a sense in which the earth [stayed] central : just as the sun had occupied the central orbit in the sequence radiating out from earth , so now the earth enjoyed that same centrality with respect to orbits around the sun .

The decree of 1616 did attempt to discriminate between books that aimed to reconcile the earth 's motion with Scripture and those that remained within the confines of astronomical hypothesis .
the decree of 1616 did attempt to discriminate between books that aimed to reconcile the earth 's motion with scripture and those that [stayed] within the confines of astronomical hypothesis .

Although this was commuted to house arrest , Galileo remained embittered in the belief that the other side of the bargain had not been kept .
although this was commuted to house arrest , galileo [stayed] embittered in the belief that the other side of the bargain had not been kept .

The Attorney General , Sir Hartley Shawcross , agreed with the Lord Chancellor that the grading of murders would be unworkable , adding that he still remained in favour of providing for the abolition of capital punishment in the Bill .
the attorney general , sir hartley shawcross , agreed with the lord chancellor that the grading of murders would be unworkable , adding that he still [stayed] in favour of providing for the abolition of capital punishment in the bill .

For some years the convict prisons , already the responsibility of central government , remained technically separate entities , but both were brought under the dominant authority of one man , Sir Edmund Du Cane .
for some years the convict prisons , already the responsibility of central government , [stayed] technically separate entities , but both were brought under the dominant authority of one man , sir edmund du cane .

His back had been pierced by a metal spike and only the fact that he remained conscious saved him from being dragged wholly into the moving machinery .
his back had been pierced by a metal spike and only the fact that he [stayed] conscious saved him from being dragged wholly into the moving machinery .

Economists consider the advantages described above to be created by inherent market imperfections ; in a perfect market , all firm-specific advantages would be traded away by competition and the world would have remained in the state of Adam Smith 's atomistic market .
economists consider the advantages described above to be created by inherent market imperfections ; in a perfect market , all firm-specific advantages would be traded away by competition and the world would have [stayed] in the state of adam smith 's atomistic market .

This remained largely controlled by Asians who also owned most of the garment manufacturers .
this [stayed] largely controlled by asians who also owned most of the garment manufacturers .

Though separated from his Guard , Napoleon apparently remained in company with Soult , Bertrand and Drouot who , together with a few officers and an escort , were seen at Quatre Bras at 1 a.m. on 19 June .
though separated from his guard , napoleon apparently [stayed] in company with soult , bertrand and drouot who , together with a few officers and an escort , were seen at quatre bras at 1 a.m. on 19 june .

Rather ignominiously , it was used as part payment of a bad debt to a coachbuilder , Robert Jeffrey of Grays Inn Road , with whom it remained neglected and almost forgotten until purchased by Madame Tussaud in 1842 for the princely sum of £52 .
rather ignominiously , it was used as part payment of a bad debt to a coachbuilder , robert jeffrey of grays inn road , with whom it [stayed] neglected and almost forgotten until purchased by madame tussaud in 1842 for the princely sum of £52 .

The dormeuse remained in the Tussaud collection for some 80 years .
the dormeuse [stayed] in the tussaud collection for some 80 years .

In the past , typically , businesses have remained cash-negative for up to twenty years .
in the past , typically , businesses have [stayed] cash-negative for up to twenty years .

Although born and educated in Vienna in 1931 he was appointed Tooke Professor of Economic Science in London University where he remained until accepting a Chair of Social and Moral Sciences at the University of Chicago in 1950 .
although born and educated in vienna in 1931 he was appointed tooke professor of economic science in london university where he [stayed] until accepting a chair of social and moral sciences at the university of chicago in 1950 .

Orthodox legal views on the nature of social legislation and the relationship between that legislation and the common law remained untouched by the Report .
orthodox legal views on the nature of social legislation and the relationship between that legislation and the common law [stayed] untouched by the report .

Billy felt his heart sink but Freddie remained calm .
billy felt his heart sink but freddie [stayed] calm .

The docks remained busy throughout the long hot summer months , but as winter drew in there was more trouble brewing as the miners went on strike for better pay .
the docks [stayed] busy throughout the long hot summer months , but as winter drew in there was more trouble brewing as the miners went on strike for better pay .

Well , if she ever met Billy Sullivan on the street again she would feel less inhibited about talking with him , as long as he remained proper , she told herself with a smile .
well , if she ever met billy sullivan on the street again she would feel less inhibited about talking with him , as long as he [stayed] proper , she told herself with a smile .

Substantial differences in sickness absence by grade remained even after adjustment for a wide range of risk factors .
substantial differences in sickness absence by grade [stayed] even after adjustment for a wide range of risk factors .

In the other half the disease either remained the same , improved , or disappeared .
in the other half the disease either [stayed] the same , improved , or disappeared .

The first two months was a run in phase during which patients remained on their usual insulin .
the first two months was a run in phase during which patients [stayed] on their usual insulin .

However , the significant difference in packed cell volume between the groups remained when only those samples obtained within the first two hours were compared and also when only those obtained from the third hour onwards were compared .
however , the significant difference in packed cell volume between the groups [stayed] when only those samples obtained within the first two hours were compared and also when only those obtained from the third hour onwards were compared .

During the treatment period groups remained comparable for urinary urea excretion ( p=0.7526 ) , for glycated haemoglobin concentration ( p=0.4447 ) , and for weight ( p=0.8524 ) , but urinary sodium excretion was slightly higher with hydrochlorothiazide than enalapril ( analysis of variance , treatment type effect , p=0.0809 ) ( fig 2 ) .
during the treatment period groups [stayed] comparable for urinary urea excretion ( p=0.7526 ) , for glycated haemoglobin concentration ( p=0.4447 ) , and for weight ( p=0.8524 ) , but urinary sodium excretion was slightly higher with hydrochlorothiazide than enalapril ( analysis of variance , treatment type effect , p=0.0809 ) ( fig 2 ) .

In Britain consumption of meat has remained static over the past 20 years but ownership of freezers and the freezing of meat have increased dramatically .
in britain consumption of meat has [stayed] static over the past 20 years but ownership of freezers and the freezing of meat have increased dramatically .

Ford had had a measure of success in restoring confidence , but the national mood remained generally pessimistic and unresponsive to political leadership .
ford had had a measure of success in restoring confidence , but the national mood [stayed] generally pessimistic and unresponsive to political leadership .

Nevertheless , taking his presidency as a whole , harmony between the two branches was not realized and many important goals remained unfulfilled .
nevertheless , taking his presidency as a whole , harmony between the two branches was not realized and many important goals [stayed] unfulfilled .

In return the Democrats obtained improved benefits for those who remained on welfare .
in return the democrats obtained improved benefits for those who [stayed] on welfare .

Prior to the 1970s , delegates to national conventions had been selected by a mixed system of state conventions , caucus gatherings and primary elections ; under these arrangements nominations remained largely under the control of party leaders with a limited degree of popular participation .
prior to the 1970s , delegates to national conventions had been selected by a mixed system of state conventions , caucus gatherings and primary elections ; under these arrangements nominations [stayed] largely under the control of party leaders with a limited degree of popular participation .

They held conservative views , some of them very radical in their implications , but they remained realists endeavouring to work within the existing political system .
they held conservative views , some of them very radical in their implications , but they [stayed] realists endeavouring to work within the existing political system .

With incomes pegged little above subsistence level , the domestic market remained very small , and what inter-regional trade did develop was generally in the hands of the boyars , the monasteries , and the Grand Prince .
with incomes pegged little above subsistence level , the domestic market [stayed] very small , and what inter-regional trade did develop was generally in the hands of the boyars , the monasteries , and the grand prince .

Though church property remained intact , it became progressively less secure .
though church property [stayed] intact , it became progressively less secure .

Alexander extended Russia 's borders further west than ever and they remained essentially unchanged until the First World War .
alexander extended russia 's borders further west than ever and they [stayed] essentially unchanged until the first world war .

The Petrine military system remained unchanged in essentials until after the Crimean War .
the petrine military system [stayed] unchanged in essentials until after the crimean war .

Yet , while bureaucratic power over commoners remained capricious right into the nineteenth century , steady progress was made in entrenching the individual rights of noblemen .
yet , while bureaucratic power over commoners [stayed] capricious right into the nineteenth century , steady progress was made in entrenching the individual rights of noblemen .

Officials underwent no formal education in the eighteenth century , and in the early nineteenth the level of education in the provincial offices remained very low .
officials underwent no formal education in the eighteenth century , and in the early nineteenth the level of education in the provincial offices [stayed] very low .

For the government gave so little in return : the roads remained abysmal , the judicial system tortuously slow and arbitrary , the educational and health facilities minimal .
for the government gave so little in return : the roads [stayed] abysmal , the judicial system tortuously slow and arbitrary , the educational and health facilities minimal .

In the black-earth regions , however , the great majority remained close to the breadline .
in the black-earth regions , however , the great majority [stayed] close to the breadline .

Their trust in the Tsar himself remained unshaken : but it never entailed acceptance of their subordination to officialdom , the army , or the nobility .
their trust in the tsar himself [stayed] unshaken : but it never entailed acceptance of their subordination to officialdom , the army , or the nobility .

While the peasantry remained loyal to traditional customs , dress , idiom , and primitive Orthodoxy , the nobility and officials underwent a cultural transformation .
while the peasantry [stayed] loyal to traditional customs , dress , idiom , and primitive orthodoxy , the nobility and officials underwent a cultural transformation .

Saddled with responsibility for all peasant obligations , the commune remained very reluctant to give permission to individual members to seek even temporary employment elsewhere so that the number of peasants siphoned off the land into the cities was restricted .
saddled with responsibility for all peasant obligations , the commune [stayed] very reluctant to give permission to individual members to seek even temporary employment elsewhere so that the number of peasants siphoned off the land into the cities was restricted .

Separate households might briefly establish a privileged position within the commune and rent land from the nobility on their own behalf , but it remained extremely difficult for them to consolidate their scattered strips of land or to introduce new methods and seeds .
separate households might briefly establish a privileged position within the commune and rent land from the nobility on their own behalf , but it [stayed] extremely difficult for them to consolidate their scattered strips of land or to introduce new methods and seeds .

But the peasantry as a whole remained in a condition of extreme economic weakness .
but the peasantry as a whole [stayed] in a condition of extreme economic weakness .

Despite increasing integration into the market , the village remained in large measure set apart from the world outside , regulating its own affairs through customary law under the tutelage of the police .
despite increasing integration into the market , the village [stayed] in large measure set apart from the world outside , regulating its own affairs through customary law under the tutelage of the police .

Although below the surface tension remained high in the countryside , and there were repeated rumours of an imminent ‘ real ’ Emancipation , the number of disturbances tailed off .
although below the surface tension [stayed] high in the countryside , and there were repeated rumours of an imminent ‘ real ’ emancipation , the number of disturbances tailed off .

Yet as long as serfdom remained , so did the objection that it was not safe to return hundreds of thousands of trained men to the countryside .
yet as long as serfdom [stayed] , so did the objection that it was not safe to return hundreds of thousands of trained men to the countryside .

The overall tone of noble criticism remained moderate , yet political consciousness had taken a momentous leap since Nicholas 's death .
the overall tone of noble criticism [stayed] moderate , yet political consciousness had taken a momentous leap since nicholas 's death .

Beneath the surface , however , conditions remained tense and the calm was broken by occasional serious outbreaks of disorder , most notably in Kiev province between 1875 and 1878 .
beneath the surface , however , conditions [stayed] tense and the calm was broken by occasional serious outbreaks of disorder , most notably in kiev province between 1875 and 1878 .

Direct pressure on the government from the business community remained distinctly limited .
direct pressure on the government from the business community [stayed] distinctly limited .

But the business community remained muted and far removed from the assertive bourgeoisie of Western Europe .
but the business community [stayed] muted and far removed from the assertive bourgeoisie of western europe .

Although these assorted commoners , or raznochintsy , remained a minority both within the student body and within its radical wing , they represented an important leaven whose underprivileged background and frequently severe poverty increased social awareness among their fellow students .
although these assorted commoners , or raznochintsy , [stayed] a minority both within the student body and within its radical wing , they represented an important leaven whose underprivileged background and frequently severe poverty increased social awareness among their fellow students .

While attention remained focused upon the peasantry , renewed emphasis was given to contact with urban workers .
while attention [stayed] focused upon the peasantry , renewed emphasis was given to contact with urban workers .

In 1879 ‘ Land and Liberty ’ split into two parties , the ‘ Black Repartition ’ , which remained faithful to a programme of propaganda , and the ‘ People 's Will ’ , which concentrated its efforts on ‘ disorganization ’ .
in 1879 ‘ land and liberty ’ split into two parties , the ‘ black repartition ’ , which [stayed] faithful to a programme of propaganda , and the ‘ people 's will ’ , which concentrated its efforts on ‘ disorganization ’ .

She remained an overwhelmingly agrarian country .
she [stayed] an overwhelmingly agrarian country .

Representative organizations were formed , but they remained under firm government tutelage and studiously avoided issues beyond a narrow range of business problems .
representative organizations were formed , but they [stayed] under firm government tutelage and studiously avoided issues beyond a narrow range of business problems .

Although social origins remained a crucial determinant of promotions , increasing professionalism within both army and bureaucracy tended to make ability ever more significant .
although social origins [stayed] a crucial determinant of promotions , increasing professionalism within both army and bureaucracy tended to make ability ever more significant .

The nobility 's landholdings remained formidable , and the dominant ethos among both officers and senior officials was still overwhelmingly sympathetic to noble privilege .
the nobility 's landholdings [stayed] formidable , and the dominant ethos among both officers and senior officials was still overwhelmingly sympathetic to noble privilege .

This is not because of any dramatic differentiation between rich and poor within a given village : the great majority remained ‘ middle ’ peasants directly dependent on their own labour for their livelihood .
this is not because of any dramatic differentiation between rich and poor within a given village : the great majority [stayed] ‘ middle ’ peasants directly dependent on their own labour for their livelihood .

The main burden borne by the peasantry remained that of the State and the landed nobility .
the main burden borne by the peasantry [stayed] that of the state and the landed nobility .

Accordingly , peasant aspirations remained firmly fixed on the one panacea of which they could conceive : the land of the nobility .
accordingly , peasant aspirations [stayed] firmly fixed on the one panacea of which they could conceive : the land of the nobility .

Numerically , the industrial labour force remained relatively small .
numerically , the industrial labour force [stayed] relatively small .

For a significant minority , Marxism remained a callous and abstract scheme .
for a significant minority , marxism [stayed] a callous and abstract scheme .

Although a number of concessions helped pacify minority nationalists , the most militant remained unreconciled .
although a number of concessions helped pacify minority nationalists , the most militant [stayed] unreconciled .

For over a week government forces were unable to crush guerrilla-style resistance , but the army remained loyal and by the second half of December the workers , movement was clearly on the retreat .
for over a week government forces were unable to crush guerrilla-style resistance , but the army [stayed] loyal and by the second half of december the workers , movement was clearly on the retreat .

Referral by health professionals entails assessing a patient 's needs , monitoring changes in needs , and knowing the role of other agencies.2 However , significant unmet needs remained despite our study subjects consulting their general practitioners more frequently than subjects in other studies .
referral by health professionals entails assessing a patient 's needs , monitoring changes in needs , and knowing the role of other agencies.2 however , significant unmet needs [stayed] despite our study subjects consulting their general practitioners more frequently than subjects in other studies .

Eleven of 14 patients with normal or nearly normal renal function and three of five with moderate renal dysfunction ( mean urea concentration 27.2 mmol/l ; mean creatinine concentration 210 µmol/ l ) who were discharged from hospital after transplantation remained alive in the long term .
eleven of 14 patients with normal or nearly normal renal function and three of five with moderate renal dysfunction ( mean urea concentration 27.2 mmol/l ; mean creatinine concentration 210 µmol/ l ) who were discharged from hospital after transplantation [stayed] alive in the long term .

Of the original cohort of 33 , six of 14 patients with moderate hepatic dysfunction were discharged from hospital after transplantation , and four remained alive and well at long term follow up ( three also had moderate renal dysfunction ) .
of the original cohort of 33 , six of 14 patients with moderate hepatic dysfunction were discharged from hospital after transplantation , and four [stayed] alive and well at long term follow up ( three also had moderate renal dysfunction ) .

Although it is difficult to reach firm conclusions from the small number of patients who underwent balloon counterpulsation , those few who have survived in the long term underwent such a procedure while their renal function was still normal or nearly normal and their renal state remained stable until transplantation .
although it is difficult to reach firm conclusions from the small number of patients who underwent balloon counterpulsation , those few who have survived in the long term underwent such a procedure while their renal function was still normal or nearly normal and their renal state [stayed] stable until transplantation .

For example , in mice modified liver cells have been implanted , which have not only corrected the phenylalanine defect but have remained healthy for the normal life span of the animal .
for example , in mice modified liver cells have been implanted , which have not only corrected the phenylalanine defect but have [stayed] healthy for the normal life span of the animal .

Curiously Bancroftian filariasis in Brazil has remained restricted to certain suburbs of coastal cities linked to the old slave traffic such as Belém , Recife , Salvador , Rio de Janeiro , and Florianópolis .
curiously bancroftian filariasis in brazil has [stayed] restricted to certain suburbs of coastal cities linked to the old slave traffic such as belém , recife , salvador , rio de janeiro , and florianópolis .

If fully independent castellans such as those of Bemy and the Mâconnais remained a rarity , nevertheless the princes ' claim to control fortifications was at best spasmodically enforced , at worst absent in practice if recognized in theory .
if fully independent castellans such as those of bemy and the mâconnais [stayed] a rarity , nevertheless the princes ' claim to control fortifications was at best spasmodically enforced , at worst absent in practice if recognized in theory .

The count of Toulouse , who had succeeded in uniting all areas of the town under his domination by 1119 , was happy to allow the boni homines day-to-day management of the town 's legal affairs , provided that the profits of justice remained largely his , and his rights to talage , unlimited military service and forced loans at will were preserved — as they were until 1147 .
the count of toulouse , who had succeeded in uniting all areas of the town under his domination by 1119 , was happy to allow the boni homines day-to-day management of the town 's legal affairs , provided that the profits of justice [stayed] largely his , and his rights to talage , unlimited military service and forced loans at will were preserved — as they were until 1147 .

As a consequence , the condition of the peasantry in twelfth-century France varied markedly from community to community ' , the extremes of contrast coming between those villages on the royal demesne protected by the customs of Lorris , and those in Champagne where serfdom retained its original rigours , where peasants remained the property of their lords , their labour services heavy , their safeguards against exploitative lordship non-existent .
as a consequence , the condition of the peasantry in twelfth-century france varied markedly from community to community ' , the extremes of contrast coming between those villages on the royal demesne protected by the customs of lorris , and those in champagne where serfdom retained its original rigours , where peasants [stayed] the property of their lords , their labour services heavy , their safeguards against exploitative lordship non-existent .

It seems quite definite that the stars in a cluster have a common origin , and have remained as a group — though the gravitational pulls of non-cluster stars will be disruptive ; eventually the cluster will lose its separate identity and will be dispersed , though the process is bound to take hundreds of millions of years at least .
it seems quite definite that the stars in a cluster have a common origin , and have [stayed] as a group — though the gravitational pulls of non-cluster stars will be disruptive ; eventually the cluster will lose its separate identity and will be dispersed , though the process is bound to take hundreds of millions of years at least .

In this case mobility between firms is constrained because labour may have to sacrifice the growth in earnings they could expect if they remained with their current firm .
in this case mobility between firms is constrained because labour may have to sacrifice the growth in earnings they could expect if they [stayed] with their current firm .

One dealer was telling a client that only 10,000 shares in a little known company remained on his books . ``
one dealer was telling a client that only 10,000 shares in a little known company [stayed] on his books . ``

Although a few analysts remained bullish about the market , most had serious reservations .
although a few analysts [stayed] bullish about the market , most had serious reservations .

She remained still and unmoving for a few moments , allowing her head to settle , listening to the muffled noises from the house , the only recognizable sound the squeal of laughter from her daughter 's room further down the hall .
she [stayed] still and unmoving for a few moments , allowing her head to settle , listening to the muffled noises from the house , the only recognizable sound the squeal of laughter from her daughter 's room further down the hall .

Easing back the stained coverlet , Katherine slowly swung her legs out of bed , and then remained motionless for a few moments , resisting the urge to throw up .
easing back the stained coverlet , katherine slowly swung her legs out of bed , and then [stayed] motionless for a few moments , resisting the urge to throw up .

It came almost as a shock to realize that her night had been peaceful — there had been no dreams , no nightmares , and the bottle by her bed remained untouched .
it came almost as a shock to realize that her night had been peaceful — there had been no dreams , no nightmares , and the bottle by her bed [stayed] untouched .

Too many people had resented her abrupt intrusion onto the London society circuit , and while she might have gained some measure of respectability , she knew the resentment remained .
too many people had resented her abrupt intrusion onto the london society circuit , and while she might have gained some measure of respectability , she knew the resentment [stayed] .

the man repeated his voice dropping ominously when Joseph remained silent .
the man repeated his voice dropping ominously when joseph [stayed] silent .

He lay in bed , surprised that he had remained undisturbed for so long .
he lay in bed , surprised that he had [stayed] undisturbed for so long .

All that remained with her was the look in her son 's eyes , a look of absolute loathing and hatred , a look of betrayal .
all that [stayed] with her was the look in her son 's eyes , a look of absolute loathing and hatred , a look of betrayal .

Patrick and Jane had remained in the flat in Kelly Street since they had brought there two days ago , they had n't ventured outside the door and had remained quiet and away from the windows .
patrick and jane had [stayed] in the flat in kelly street since they had brought there two days ago , they had n't ventured outside the door and had [stayed] quiet and away from the windows .

Katherine remained seated , listening to her daughter 's footsteps hurry up the stairs and then the ceiling creaked as she entered her bedroom which was directly above the sitting room .
katherine [stayed] seated , listening to her daughter 's footsteps hurry up the stairs and then the ceiling creaked as she entered her bedroom which was directly above the sitting room .

It took a few minutes for his eyes to adjust to the dimness , and he remained still , blinking hard , making out the man standing directly in front of him holding the shotgun , while on the stairs to his left another person — a woman ?
it took a few minutes for his eyes to adjust to the dimness , and he [stayed] still , blinking hard , making out the man standing directly in front of him holding the shotgun , while on the stairs to his left another person — a woman ?

Firstly , although Wessel ( 1797 ) and Argand ( 1806 ) had tried to make complex numbers a little more respectable by showing how to interpret them , their addition and multiplication geometrically , there remained , possibly because of doubts concerning the intuitive use of geometrical arguments , the desire to put them on a firmer basis .
firstly , although wessel ( 1797 ) and argand ( 1806 ) had tried to make complex numbers a little more respectable by showing how to interpret them , their addition and multiplication geometrically , there [stayed] , possibly because of doubts concerning the intuitive use of geometrical arguments , the desire to put them on a firmer basis .

While not many people have adopted Plato 's particular grounds for opposing democracy , the issue of expertise as opposed to supposed popular ignorance or incompetence has remained a central one in the debate about democracy .
while not many people have adopted plato 's particular grounds for opposing democracy , the issue of expertise as opposed to supposed popular ignorance or incompetence has [stayed] a central one in the debate about democracy .

Property remained the precondition of political rights , and Ireton 's argument at Putney that `` liberty can not be provided for in a general sense , if property [ is to ] be preserved `` ( p. 73 ) was accepted by the ruling property-owners as a necessary truth of politics .
property [stayed] the precondition of political rights , and ireton 's argument at putney that `` liberty can not be provided for in a general sense , if property [ is to ] be preserved `` ( p. 73 ) was accepted by the ruling property-owners as a necessary truth of politics .

Since the March 1982 elections , the decree laws have all remained in force , despite a united trade union protest calling for their withdrawal .
since the march 1982 elections , the decree laws have all [stayed] in force , despite a united trade union protest calling for their withdrawal .

But there was no choice — if we had stayed , or if only the civilian population had remained behind , the army would not have hesitated to massacre everyone .
but there was no choice — if we had stayed , or if only the civilian population had [stayed] behind , the army would not have hesitated to massacre everyone .

( It would , of course , be inconsistent with his theory if dreams that have already been rendered `` harmless `` by the dreamwork during dreaming remained potent sources of anxiety on awakening . )
( it would , of course , be inconsistent with his theory if dreams that have already been rendered `` harmless `` by the dreamwork during dreaming [stayed] potent sources of anxiety on awakening . )

Some remained essentially local , some gained a widespread popular recognition , and certain deities rose to national significance .
some [stayed] essentially local , some gained a widespread popular recognition , and certain deities rose to national significance .

It remained on earth as a manifestation of the deceased and was depicted as a bird with a human head .
it [stayed] on earth as a manifestation of the deceased and was depicted as a bird with a human head .

We remained numb for a long time .
we [stayed] numb for a long time .

Sport has remained a perfect therapy for me .
sport has [stayed] a perfect therapy for me .

Currently , the standard idiogram has remained unchanged since its adoption in 1974 , although an updated version is planned for the near future .
currently , the standard idiogram has [stayed] unchanged since its adoption in 1974 , although an updated version is planned for the near future .

Yet despite his efforts , his wife shewed no sign of becoming pregnant and his need for a son remained unfulfilled .
yet despite his efforts , his wife shewed no sign of becoming pregnant and his need for a son [stayed] unfulfilled .

She felt a twinge of compassion for her new fledgling , but it was n't until some ten minutes later that she realized the marquis had not remained untouched by his encounter with the gypsy girl .
she felt a twinge of compassion for her new fledgling , but it was n't until some ten minutes later that she realized the marquis had not [stayed] untouched by his encounter with the gypsy girl .

Between 1851 and 1911 , the number of Edinburgh women listed by the census as milliner/dressmaker remained constant at about 4,500 .
between 1851 and 1911 , the number of edinburgh women listed by the census as milliner/dressmaker [stayed] constant at about 4,500 .

Domestic servants often remained unmarried , or if they did marry could sometimes carry on working , so their age structure more closely resembles that of male professions ( see Table 5b ) .
domestic servants often [stayed] unmarried , or if they did marry could sometimes carry on working , so their age structure more closely resembles that of male professions ( see table 5b ) .

and brought to play on purpose to shake the men , and yet after all these means had been expended and an income verging on starvation , the men had remained as firm as at first . ``
and brought to play on purpose to shake the men , and yet after all these means had been expended and an income verging on starvation , the men had [stayed] as firm as at first . ``

It would be more accurate to say that very few spent less than seven or eight years in the trade , the majority spent at least 10–12 years , while about a fifth remained in the trade for life .
it would be more accurate to say that very few spent less than seven or eight years in the trade , the majority spent at least 10–12 years , while about a fifth [stayed] in the trade for life .

Several hundred women remained employed in Edinburgh printing houses , but they were destined to grow old in the job , with no girl apprentices joining them .
several hundred women [stayed] employed in edinburgh printing houses , but they were destined to grow old in the job , with no girl apprentices joining them .

Many of the women who remained in the trade until their senior years eventually became readers , with higher pay and status than they had ever enjoyed before .
many of the women who [stayed] in the trade until their senior years eventually became readers , with higher pay and status than they had ever enjoyed before .

She remained serious about reading all her life , taking pains with her five children 's education and recommending that they read good books , `` not some of the trash she had seen at Morrison & Gibb `` .
she [stayed] serious about reading all her life , taking pains with her five children 's education and recommending that they read good books , `` not some of the trash she had seen at morrison & gibb `` .

It was the 200 or so unmarried or widowed women , who made up rather more than 25 per cent of the original sample , who remained as a solid phalanx of women compositors in the 1920s and 1930s .
it was the 200 or so unmarried or widowed women , who made up rather more than 25 per cent of the original sample , who [stayed] as a solid phalanx of women compositors in the 1920s and 1930s .

Those who remained at work were likely to find themselves increasingly isolated : Miss Brechin told me that she was the very last woman to work in Morrison & Gibb .
those who [stayed] at work were likely to find themselves increasingly isolated : miss brechin told me that she was the very last woman to work in morrison & gibb .

He remained anxious about the surgery and its outcome but felt that he understood what was happening to him .
he [stayed] anxious about the surgery and its outcome but felt that he understood what was happening to him .

His central venous pressure and blood pressure remained low but stable ; there was a minimal amount of blood loss from the abdominal wound ; 200 ml of fluid had drained via the perineal drain ; 100 ml of urine were present in the urine drainage bag and Mr Reynolds was warm and comfortable .
his central venous pressure and blood pressure [stayed] low but stable ; there was a minimal amount of blood loss from the abdominal wound ; 200 ml of fluid had drained via the perineal drain ; 100 ml of urine were present in the urine drainage bag and mr reynolds was warm and comfortable .

He had a nasogastric tube which was allowed to drain into a bag and was also aspirated every 4 hours to ensure that his stomach remained empty .
he had a nasogastric tube which was allowed to drain into a bag and was also aspirated every 4 hours to ensure that his stomach [stayed] empty .

Following her return to the ward Julie 's temperature was monitored every hour because it remained raised .
following her return to the ward julie 's temperature was monitored every hour because it [stayed] raised .

By the following morning Mr Reynolds was apyrexial and although his temperature was recorded every four hours for the next five days it remained within normal limits .
by the following morning mr reynolds was apyrexial and although his temperature was recorded every four hours for the next five days it [stayed] within normal limits .

He talked of all that remained to be done , of how he would do it all , bit by bit ; said that first of all the attic should be examined , for so much rain soaking in must have affected the beams .
he talked of all that [stayed] to be done , of how he would do it all , bit by bit ; said that first of all the attic should be examined , for so much rain soaking in must have affected the beams .

In the bedrooms were the curtains she had known all her life , and the fitted carpets remained , but beds and cupboards had been spirited away .
in the bedrooms were the curtains she had known all her life , and the fitted carpets [stayed] , but beds and cupboards had been spirited away .

She stopped a taxi , returned in it to the house , made it wait while she ran in to drag down any other curtains that remained .
she stopped a taxi , returned in it to the house , made it wait while she ran in to drag down any other curtains that [stayed] .

Alice remained outside , thinking .
alice [stayed] outside , thinking .

Dorothy remained in the large house .
dorothy [stayed] in the large house .

At any rate , she remained aloof .
at any rate , she [stayed] aloof .

Despite some variation in emphasis and detail in the light of experience , these aims and objectives remained the foci for the evaluation .
despite some variation in emphasis and detail in the light of experience , these aims and objectives [stayed] the foci for the evaluation .

And finally , the project sometimes coincided with , but remained essentially independent of , other developments .
and finally , the project sometimes coincided with , but [stayed] essentially independent of , other developments .

This working party appears to have remained an ad hoc body with a finite life , rather than a major standing committee in the school management structure .
this working party appears to have [stayed] an ad hoc body with a finite life , rather than a major standing committee in the school management structure .

For the duration of the evaluation this space remained undeveloped , and although minimally used as a work area by some children , its main function was that of storage for an embryonic collection of newspaper cuttings .
for the duration of the evaluation this space [stayed] undeveloped , and although minimally used as a work area by some children , its main function was that of storage for an embryonic collection of newspaper cuttings .

Since the inception of the project in the school , and until the hardening of industrial action , the library committee had remained an active forum for policy debate and staff development on library-related matters , including study skills .
since the inception of the project in the school , and until the hardening of industrial action , the library committee had [stayed] an active forum for policy debate and staff development on library-related matters , including study skills .

Tina stayed for no more than six months but some good , hard-working , idealistic people remained , the kind who are made for communes and communes for them , and they mended the window frames and grew vegetables in the garden .
tina stayed for no more than six months but some good , hard-working , idealistic people [stayed] , the kind who are made for communes and communes for them , and they mended the window frames and grew vegetables in the garden .

No one knew quite why this did not happen , why he remained good but no better than that , nor why he failed the audition for admission to a county youth orchestra .
no one knew quite why this did not happen , why he [stayed] good but no better than that , nor why he failed the audition for admission to a county youth orchestra .

Nothing remained to show that the headmaster had had his daily being here , perhaps here conducted interviews with backsliding pupils , commended scholars .
nothing [stayed] to show that the headmaster had had his daily being here , perhaps here conducted interviews with backsliding pupils , commended scholars .

The car remained crowded as far as Holborn and then the passengers thinned out .
the car [stayed] crowded as far as holborn and then the passengers thinned out .

In their car , after Snaresbrook , only the six of them remained .
in their car , after snaresbrook , only the six of them [stayed] .

6 Survival Aids 100% knitted silk vest , £10.95 ; 093–14444 for catalogue Verdict : performed particularly well in the insulation test and remained comfortable during light exertion .
6 survival aids 100% knitted silk vest , £10.95 ; 093–14444 for catalogue verdict : performed particularly well in the insulation test and [stayed] comfortable during light exertion .

England withdrew from Fifa in 1928 , as discussions began for the organisation of the first World Cup competition , and remained disdainfully on the sidelines until 1950 , when England 's ‘ superiority ’ complex was quickly dissipated by a 1–0 defeat in a pool match against the United States .
england withdrew from fifa in 1928 , as discussions began for the organisation of the first world cup competition , and [stayed] disdainfully on the sidelines until 1950 , when england 's ‘ superiority ’ complex was quickly dissipated by a 1–0 defeat in a pool match against the united states .

Her head remained wedged between the bed and the table , and now one hand was visible by the pillow ’ ( The Cement Garden .
her head [stayed] wedged between the bed and the table , and now one hand was visible by the pillow ’ ( the cement garden .

’ Having completed his research , it remained for Kaplan to illustrate it with a performance .
’ having completed his research , it [stayed] for kaplan to illustrate it with a performance .

On stage he did n't walk about much either , but his projection , his liquidity of timbre , the purity of emission and nobility of line , all these remained without compare ; and Aprile Millo , well-costumed , serious and stylish , offered by his side a satisfying Amelia .
on stage he did n't walk about much either , but his projection , his liquidity of timbre , the purity of emission and nobility of line , all these [stayed] without compare ; and aprile millo , well-costumed , serious and stylish , offered by his side a satisfying amelia .

Although the county areas remained unreformed until the end of the nineteenth century , the modern system of local government really begins with the creation of the municipal corporations in 1835 .
although the county areas [stayed] unreformed until the end of the nineteenth century , the modern system of local government really begins with the creation of the municipal corporations in 1835 .

For thirty years the structure of local government in England and Wales remained untouched .
for thirty years the structure of local government in england and wales [stayed] untouched .

The Conservatives remained dissatisfied with these arrangements and returned to the matter in their manifesto for the 1987 General Election .
the conservatives [stayed] dissatisfied with these arrangements and returned to the matter in their manifesto for the 1987 general election .

Some ad hoc bodies remained .
some ad hoc bodies [stayed] .

Education after 1902 immediately became the largest and most important service provided by local government and has remained so ever since ( Regan 1979 ) .
education after 1902 immediately became the largest and most important service provided by local government and has [stayed] so ever since ( regan 1979 ) .

After 1945 the local franchise was extended to all residents in the area but the right to qualify by occupation of property remained until 1969 .
after 1945 the local franchise was extended to all residents in the area but the right to qualify by occupation of property [stayed] until 1969 .

In the shire counties two at first remained non-party or dominated by independents , but by 1985 ‘ the process of formal party politicization was completed ’ ( Gyford et al .
in the shire counties two at first [stayed] non-party or dominated by independents , but by 1985 ‘ the process of formal party politicization was completed ’ ( gyford et al .

With the meeting of minds and bodies under the auspices of the 1st Irish Lesbian and Gay Film Festival a whole plethora of issues were raised and perhaps inevitably many remained unanswered .
with the meeting of minds and bodies under the auspices of the 1st irish lesbian and gay film festival a whole plethora of issues were raised and perhaps inevitably many [stayed] unanswered .

This view remained dominant for a long time in sociology , but more recently other sociologists have become reluctant to view people as happy robots , acting out predetermined roles .
this view [stayed] dominant for a long time in sociology , but more recently other sociologists have become reluctant to view people as happy robots , acting out predetermined roles .

Dividing the strata into two broad bands — the male non-manual and the male manual workers — Table 2.2 demonstrates the degree to which the distribution of earnings between them has remained relatively constant over the past fifty years .
dividing the strata into two broad bands — the male non-manual and the male manual workers — table 2.2 demonstrates the degree to which the distribution of earnings between them has [stayed] relatively constant over the past fifty years .

Other family-run firms have remained dynamic ( e.g .
other family-run firms have [stayed] dynamic ( e.g .

It remained a guinea , believe it or not , until 1969 when it increased to a more realistic £10 .
it [stayed] a guinea , believe it or not , until 1969 when it increased to a more realistic £10 .

The rest of the long church remained empty and , from the Fulham Road , the liturgy was accompanied by a dull murmur of rush-hour traffic edging in slow procession towards the West End and the City .
the rest of the long church [stayed] empty and , from the fulham road , the liturgy was accompanied by a dull murmur of rush-hour traffic edging in slow procession towards the west end and the city .

He remained just long enough to save a substantial sum by the standards of Irish wealth and then came home with his newly acquired capital .
he [stayed] just long enough to save a substantial sum by the standards of irish wealth and then came home with his newly acquired capital .

His mother had remained a Protestant after her marriage .
his mother had [stayed] a protestant after her marriage .

The puritan military ethic remained his inspiration , as when he attacked the decadence of modem culture — dismissing Bernard Shaw as an impious reptile and Noel Coward as ‘ sickly , putrid , maggot-eaten ’ — in a pastiche of Augustan satire :
the puritan military ethic [stayed] his inspiration , as when he attacked the decadence of modem culture — dismissing bernard shaw as an impious reptile and noel coward as ‘ sickly , putrid , maggot-eaten ’ — in a pastiche of augustan satire :

But the crowd remained outside and , Joyce said , he heard the familiar chanting , ‘ Two !
but the crowd [stayed] outside and , joyce said , he heard the familiar chanting , ‘ two !

The apparent casualness of the alliance , and the stormy passages of their wartime life in Berlin , did not alter the resolve with which Margaret Joyce was to stand by her difficult husband in the most onerous and tragic phases of the eight years of life which remained to him .
the apparent casualness of the alliance , and the stormy passages of their wartime life in berlin , did not alter the resolve with which margaret joyce was to stand by her difficult husband in the most onerous and tragic phases of the eight years of life which [stayed] to him .

Ethel Scrimgeour , ‘ a tall and handsome maiden lady given to piety and good works , whose appearance was made remarkable by an immense knot of hair twisted on the nape of her neck in the mid-Victorian way , ’ remained Joyce 's friend to the last .
ethel scrimgeour , ‘ a tall and handsome maiden lady given to piety and good works , whose appearance was made remarkable by an immense knot of hair twisted on the nape of her neck in the mid-victorian way , ’ [stayed] joyce 's friend to the last .

Joyce had remained consistent to his promise given at the time of the publication of National Socialism Now two years earlier .
joyce had [stayed] consistent to his promise given at the time of the publication of national socialism now two years earlier .

For the time being , Joyce remained a prisoner of the scripts approved by Goebbels 's Ministry of Propaganda .
for the time being , joyce [stayed] a prisoner of the scripts approved by goebbels 's ministry of propaganda .

He was , and he remained for the time being , a figure of comic relief .
he was , and he [stayed] for the time being , a figure of comic relief .

Such matters remained a subject for speculation in August 1945 .
such matters [stayed] a subject for speculation in august 1945 .

Earlier statements that Japan must surrender all colonial possessions were reiterated but the precise fate of Korea was not clarified : Korea was to become independent at a future date but what would happen in the interim period remained to be decided .
earlier statements that japan must surrender all colonial possessions were reiterated but the precise fate of korea was not clarified : korea was to become independent at a future date but what would happen in the interim period [stayed] to be decided .

Yoshida also took the opportunity to say that while , of course , the decision must rest with the Allies , the Japanese felt that an early Peace Treaty was most desirable . He stated , however , that if conditions in Japan at the time of the Peace Treaty remained the same as at present , he thought that it would be necessary for a number of Allied troops to
yoshida also took the opportunity to say that while , of course , the decision must rest with the allies , the japanese felt that an early peace treaty was most desirable . he stated , however , that if conditions in japan at the time of the peace treaty [stayed] the same as at present , he thought that it would be necessary for a number of allied troops to

Well perhaps not flooding : most have remained supine on Spain 's southern beaches .
well perhaps not flooding : most have [stayed] supine on spain 's southern beaches .

Infant mortality remained unremittingly high at about 150/1,000 from 1840 until about 1900 , although this apparent stability may have been in part an artefact of the extension of birth registration to the least healthy groups of the population , and of a shift in the social class composition of births .
infant mortality [stayed] unremittingly high at about 150/1,000 from 1840 until about 1900 , although this apparent stability may have been in part an artefact of the extension of birth registration to the least healthy groups of the population , and of a shift in the social class composition of births .

Armed with the new empirical understanding of the human body and its function from Vesalius , Harvey , Malpighi , Hooke , Baillie , and others , respect for medicine grew and the profession expanded , although London and Edinburgh remained the only British medical schools .
armed with the new empirical understanding of the human body and its function from vesalius , harvey , malpighi , hooke , baillie , and others , respect for medicine grew and the profession expanded , although london and edinburgh [stayed] the only british medical schools .

But it has been long established ( Habakkuk 1953 , McKeown and Brown 1955 ) that medical knowledge of the time could not cure any important cause of death , could prevent only smallpox , and with a few exceptions remained impotent until the present century .
but it has been long established ( habakkuk 1953 , mckeown and brown 1955 ) that medical knowledge of the time could not cure any important cause of death , could prevent only smallpox , and with a few exceptions [stayed] impotent until the present century .

Milk remained a health hazard until compulsory pasteurization eliminated tubercle and diphtheria bacilli from it in 1922 ( McKeown and Turner 1975 , Beaver 1973 ) with beneficial effects on infant mortality .
milk [stayed] a health hazard until compulsory pasteurization eliminated tubercle and diphtheria bacilli from it in 1922 ( mckeown and turner 1975 , beaver 1973 ) with beneficial effects on infant mortality .

Von Behring 's anti-toxin was widely available after 1896 , though incidence remained almost unchanged until the 1940s .
von behring 's anti-toxin was widely available after 1896 , though incidence [stayed] almost unchanged until the 1940s .

Scandinavia ) remained dependent on agriculture , fishing , forestry , and other primary production .
scandinavia ) [stayed] dependent on agriculture , fishing , forestry , and other primary production .

Feminist opinion remained curiously muted , more concerned about defusing male sexuality and social dominance ( Banks and Banks 1964 ) .
feminist opinion [stayed] curiously muted , more concerned about defusing male sexuality and social dominance ( banks and banks 1964 ) .

Throughout the nineteenth century the proportion of the over-65s in the population remained below 5 per cent .
throughout the nineteenth century the proportion of the over-65s in the population [stayed] below 5 per cent .

The number of abortions performed on married women has remained at about 40,000 per year for the last fifteen years , while the number performed on single women , and divorced , separated , and widowed women has approximately doubled .
the number of abortions performed on married women has [stayed] at about 40,000 per year for the last fifteen years , while the number performed on single women , and divorced , separated , and widowed women has approximately doubled .

Illegitimate births declined from mid-Victorian times in most countries in Western Europe , and except for huge wartime increases ( see Registrar-General 1954 ) , remained relatively low until the 1950s ( figure 4.6 ) .
illegitimate births declined from mid-victorian times in most countries in western europe , and except for huge wartime increases ( see registrar-general 1954 ) , [stayed] relatively low until the 1950s ( figure 4.6 ) .

By contrast , the proportion of single women and of divorced women in the work-force has remained more constant over that time ; about 70 and 55 per cent respectively .
by contrast , the proportion of single women and of divorced women in the work-force has [stayed] more constant over that time ; about 70 and 55 per cent respectively .

From the 1930s to about 1970 the median interval from marriage to first birth remained 20 months .
from the 1930s to about 1970 the median interval from marriage to first birth [stayed] 20 months .

By 1976 this had fallen to 16 per cent where it remained without significant change up to 1986 .
by 1976 this had fallen to 16 per cent where it [stayed] without significant change up to 1986 .

But over the same time the proportion of women in professional families using it remained steady .
but over the same time the proportion of women in professional families using it [stayed] steady .

Of the other contraceptive methods , the cap has remained almost exclusively a middle-class contraceptive , withdrawal predominantly a working-class practice , although now little used .
of the other contraceptive methods , the cap has [stayed] almost exclusively a middle-class contraceptive , withdrawal predominantly a working-class practice , although now little used .

Arguments on the measurement and the inheritance of ability and its social distribution ( see Mascie-Taylor 1990 ) remained hot issues in the 1950s and 1960s .
arguments on the measurement and the inheritance of ability and its social distribution ( see mascie-taylor 1990 ) [stayed] hot issues in the 1950s and 1960s .

But by 1980 , ‘ non-manual births ’ remained almost the same — 226,000 ; ‘ manual ’ births had fallen to 333,000 — a ratio of 1 : 1.5 .
but by 1980 , ‘ non-manual births ’ [stayed] almost the same — 226,000 ; ‘ manual ’ births had fallen to 333,000 — a ratio of 1 : 1.5 .

But the wishful thinking ( suggesting the Falkland Islands as a possible convict settlement and , even more improbably , the Antarctic ) remained wishful thinking .
but the wishful thinking ( suggesting the falkland islands as a possible convict settlement and , even more improbably , the antarctic ) [stayed] wishful thinking .

Probably against the advice of his commanders Henry decided to lead what remained of his army , decimated by illness contracted at the siege , to Calais , thought to be about a week 's march away .
probably against the advice of his commanders henry decided to lead what [stayed] of his army , decimated by illness contracted at the siege , to calais , thought to be about a week 's march away .

France remained a divided country .
france [stayed] a divided country .

Only Calais remained to them .
only calais [stayed] to them .

Such developments , to which can be added improvements in the quality of steel used in the making of armour ; the ability , as a consequence , to abandon the use of the shield , thereby freeing the left arm ; and the development of special rests which permitted the use of a much heavier lance , meant that the cavalryman , far from being an outmoded liability on the field , remained an indispensable element of the army , one whose value was , as we have seen , enhanced by training and by association with men using other weapons .
such developments , to which can be added improvements in the quality of steel used in the making of armour ; the ability , as a consequence , to abandon the use of the shield , thereby freeing the left arm ; and the development of special rests which permitted the use of a much heavier lance , meant that the cavalryman , far from being an outmoded liability on the field , [stayed] an indispensable element of the army , one whose value was , as we have seen , enhanced by training and by association with men using other weapons .

Throughout her murder trial , the Baroness — who retained her title after her divorce from de Stempel in 1984 — remained stoical , calm , slightly detached .
throughout her murder trial , the baroness — who retained her title after her divorce from de stempel in 1984 — [stayed] stoical , calm , slightly detached .

The Baroness remained impermeable throughout it all , quite untouchable , maintaining that she did not murder Dale and that the fraud was misunderstood .
the baroness [stayed] impermeable throughout it all , quite untouchable , maintaining that she did not murder dale and that the fraud was misunderstood .

Chicago-born Mainbocher had been the first American to open a couture house in Paris — the trousseau and wedding dress of Wallis Simpson were celebrated triumphs — and , based in New York from the early war years , remained the chosen couturier of the stars of American society and stage .
chicago-born mainbocher had been the first american to open a couture house in paris — the trousseau and wedding dress of wallis simpson were celebrated triumphs — and , based in new york from the early war years , [stayed] the chosen couturier of the stars of american society and stage .

Huntington remained with the Esmondes until 1760 , when it was sold to the Bishop of Limerick ; but it came back into the family when it was bought in 1780 by Alexander Durdin , a Protestant , whose son Richard married Frances Esmonde .
huntington [stayed] with the esmondes until 1760 , when it was sold to the bishop of limerick ; but it came back into the family when it was bought in 1780 by alexander durdin , a protestant , whose son richard married frances esmonde .

The wine-drinking public remained sceptical , unable to digest the concept of dry French wines in tall green German bottles with Germanic names .
the wine-drinking public [stayed] sceptical , unable to digest the concept of dry french wines in tall green german bottles with germanic names .

Witness the image of the watch : it remained easy to think of the system as having a grand purpose built into it .
witness the image of the watch : it [stayed] easy to think of the system as having a grand purpose built into it .

Yet Bultmann remained a devout Christian .
yet bultmann [stayed] a devout christian .

As long as this distinction was acknowledged , faith remained tenable .
as long as this distinction was acknowledged , faith [stayed] tenable .

The controversial contentions of German research remained confined to a rarefied sphere of specialists : but in 1863 the French writer Ernest Renan caused a major international controversy with his celebrated best-seller The Life of Jesus .
the controversial contentions of german research [stayed] confined to a rarefied sphere of specialists : but in 1863 the french writer ernest renan caused a major international controversy with his celebrated best-seller the life of jesus .

In the coalescence of Christian tradition , this is one principle that has remained constant .
in the coalescence of christian tradition , this is one principle that has [stayed] constant .

He remained reviled and hated by the people he ruled .
he [stayed] reviled and hated by the people he ruled .

On the other hand , there would have been a ‘ true ’ or ‘ purist ’ Sadducee movement , consisting of Sadducees who wanted no part of such collaboration and remained loyal to the principle of a Davidic Messiah .
on the other hand , there would have been a ‘ true ’ or ‘ purist ’ sadducee movement , consisting of sadducees who wanted no part of such collaboration and [stayed] loyal to the principle of a davidic messiah .

It is significant that Bethlehem was not only David 's city , but also the ancient centre of a Tammuz cult , with a shrine that remained active well into biblical times .
it is significant that bethlehem was not only david 's city , but also the ancient centre of a tammuz cult , with a shrine that [stayed] active well into biblical times .

In 435 , Nestorius was exiled to the Egyptian desert , but his influence remained undiminished .
in 435 , nestorius was exiled to the egyptian desert , but his influence [stayed] undiminished .

He was elected by his brethren for a purely utilitarian purpose , but in God 's eyes he remained just another humble seeker .
he was elected by his brethren for a purely utilitarian purpose , but in god 's eyes he [stayed] just another humble seeker .

Born into a high-ranking family , Priscillian remained a layman , never receiving ordination from Rome .
born into a high-ranking family , priscillian [stayed] a layman , never receiving ordination from rome .

Insulated by the Irish Sea , Ireland remained a refuge , a haven .
insulated by the irish sea , ireland [stayed] a refuge , a haven .

Ireland remained free to absorb ideas which came to her , like her trade , from almost every quarter of the known world .
ireland [stayed] free to absorb ideas which came to her , like her trade , from almost every quarter of the known world .

And from at least 569 the Celtic Church had its own See , the bishopric of Bretoña , centred upon Santa Maria de Bretoña near Mondoliedo in Galicia , the region of north-western Spain whose later capital was at Santiago de Compostela , and which had remained most loyal to Priscillianist teaching .
and from at least 569 the celtic church had its own see , the bishopric of bretoña , centred upon santa maria de bretoña near mondoliedo in galicia , the region of north-western spain whose later capital was at santiago de compostela , and which had [stayed] most loyal to priscillianist teaching .

The ‘ intelligence ’ , which was in theory available by collating the experiences of local family doctors , remained undiscovered or privatised .
the ‘ intelligence ’ , which was in theory available by collating the experiences of local family doctors , [stayed] undiscovered or privatised .

7 ) ; and the decline in the size of the youth population , due largely to the drop in the birth rate during the 1960s-that is , the absolute number of known heroin users could decrease while the rate per 1,000 youths remained the same or even increased ( the population figures from which our prevalence rates were calculated derived from 1981 Census statistics , and do not take into account projected trends ) .
7 ) ; and the decline in the size of the youth population , due largely to the drop in the birth rate during the 1960s-that is , the absolute number of known heroin users could decrease while the rate per 1,000 youths [stayed] the same or even increased ( the population figures from which our prevalence rates were calculated derived from 1981 census statistics , and do not take into account projected trends ) .

The majority of those who were working lost their jobs for the reasons already detailed above . Those who remained in work found that their non-working hours totally revolved around their heroin use :
the majority of those who were working lost their jobs for the reasons already detailed above . those who [stayed] in work found that their non-working hours totally revolved around their heroin use :

Having chosen the four townships that were to be the location of the snowball samples , it remained to select the zero stage of the samples , one individual from each township with whom to start the referral chains .
having chosen the four townships that were to be the location of the snowball samples , it [stayed] to select the zero stage of the samples , one individual from each township with whom to start the referral chains .

The figure for males remained constant at 4.2 , probably because it had already reached ‘ saturation ’ point .
the figure for males [stayed] constant at 4.2 , probably because it had already reached ‘ saturation ’ point .

the addition of ‘ guarantees ’ to safeguard the position of defendants who remained in ignorance of the proceedings being taken against them .
the addition of ‘ guarantees ’ to safeguard the position of defendants who [stayed] in ignorance of the proceedings being taken against them .

The text has remained substantially unchanged since the original 1896 Convention which spoke of ‘ la faculté d'adresser directement , par la voie de la poste , des actes aux intéressés se trouvant à l'étranger ’ .
the text has [stayed] substantially unchanged since the original 1896 convention which spoke of ‘ la faculté d'adresser directement , par la voie de la poste , des actes aux intéressés se trouvant à l'étranger ’ .

In Britain it would appear that the percentage of those aged 65 + defined as living in some form of institution has remained constant or perhaps decreased slightly .
in britain it would appear that the percentage of those aged 65 + defined as living in some form of institution has [stayed] constant or perhaps decreased slightly .

This pattern of mortality has remained approximately constant over the post-war period .
this pattern of mortality has [stayed] approximately constant over the post-war period .

While the proportion of the population aged 65 + receiving community nursing doubled between 1972 and 1985 the situation for health visiting remained constant .
while the proportion of the population aged 65 + receiving community nursing doubled between 1972 and 1985 the situation for health visiting [stayed] constant .

However , over the decades , while the terminology has remained constant , the meaning of the term community care has undergone a subtle transformation .
however , over the decades , while the terminology has [stayed] constant , the meaning of the term community care has undergone a subtle transformation .

On the place where she had stopped a round black patch of soot remained , undulating on the swell — an unclean mark of the creature 's rest …
on the place where she had stopped a round black patch of soot [stayed] , undulating on the swell — an unclean mark of the creature 's rest …

… she remained to me always unattainable and romantic — unique , with all the unexpressed purposes of love such as no world had ever known .
… she [stayed] to me always unattainable and romantic — unique , with all the unexpressed purposes of love such as no world had ever known .

It may be as much for the homely , recognisable nature of this particular hero as for the energy and drama of the story that Lorna Doone has remained a classic for more than a century , and a classic adopted by the young for their own reading .
it may be as much for the homely , recognisable nature of this particular hero as for the energy and drama of the story that lorna doone has [stayed] a classic for more than a century , and a classic adopted by the young for their own reading .

It is shepherds and mountain folk who have remained loyal over the centuries to the true royal line .
it is shepherds and mountain folk who have [stayed] loyal over the centuries to the true royal line .

Early analysis of these tapes revealed a grouping pattern in the London Road End which remained quite static over a considerable period of time .
early analysis of these tapes revealed a grouping pattern in the london road end which [stayed] quite static over a considerable period of time .

Many remained in the London Road End , but others established a new piece of territory at the other end of the ground where it was cheaper .
many [stayed] in the london road end , but others established a new piece of territory at the other end of the ground where it was cheaper .

Many , for example , talked about the gangs they had once been involved in but these gangs , if they remained at all , were not , as one Town Boy said , ‘ a shadow of what they used to be ’ .
many , for example , talked about the gangs they had once been involved in but these gangs , if they [stayed] at all , were not , as one town boy said , ‘ a shadow of what they used to be ’ .

The irony of her life is that if she had enjoyed a happy marriage these qualities may have remained dormant .
the irony of her life is that if she had enjoyed a happy marriage these qualities may have [stayed] dormant .

All that remained was a deep , jagged depression where the Mercedes had once been , encircled by burning fragments of mangled debris .
all that [stayed] was a deep , jagged depression where the mercedes had once been , encircled by burning fragments of mangled debris .

She remained silent .
she [stayed] silent .

The policy of fixed commissions had remained a major bone of contention throughout the Government 's dispute with the Stock Exchange .
the policy of fixed commissions had [stayed] a major bone of contention throughout the government 's dispute with the stock exchange .

The knowledge that the barrier between the patient and surgeon has remained intact throughout the procedure is arguably the best reassurance for surgeons and theatre nurses regarding protection .
the knowledge that the barrier between the patient and surgeon has [stayed] intact throughout the procedure is arguably the best reassurance for surgeons and theatre nurses regarding protection .

The two forward seats distorted , but remained attached to the floor rails , and the rear seats were undamaged .
the two forward seats distorted , but [stayed] attached to the floor rails , and the rear seats were undamaged .

Rear seat belts remained intact and attached , with no signs of distress or marking indicative of the belts having been highly loaded , except for a failure of the left seat belt buckle .
rear seat belts [stayed] intact and attached , with no signs of distress or marking indicative of the belts having been highly loaded , except for a failure of the left seat belt buckle .

But we also want to emphasise that neither the experiences men have nor their ideas about masculinity have remained constant .
but we also want to emphasise that neither the experiences men have nor their ideas about masculinity have [stayed] constant .

Each woman remained attached to some male contractor , according to the older organic and hierarchical pattern .
each woman [stayed] attached to some male contractor , according to the older organic and hierarchical pattern .

During the last year , two-thirds had remained faithful to a single partner .
during the last year , two-thirds had [stayed] faithful to a single partner .

Not surprisingly , men who have remained faithful to their first sexual partner rather her particularly highly , while those who have had more than 10 sexual partners tend to rate their current partner less highly .
not surprisingly , men who have [stayed] faithful to their first sexual partner rather her particularly highly , while those who have had more than 10 sexual partners tend to rate their current partner less highly .

Eighteen per cent of our sample ( 133 ) have remained faithful to their first sexual partner .
eighteen per cent of our sample ( 133 ) have [stayed] faithful to their first sexual partner .

This was fine when market interest rates remained low .
this was fine when market interest rates [stayed] low .

It should be emphasized that private markets have remained the main source of financing for countries with balance of payments problems .
it should be emphasized that private markets have [stayed] the main source of financing for countries with balance of payments problems .

But he remained unjostled in his personal space , which was all too obviously dead space ; dead air ; unhappening ; the souvenir programme stayed in its plastic packet .
but he [stayed] unjostled in his personal space , which was all too obviously dead space ; dead air ; unhappening ; the souvenir programme stayed in its plastic packet .

The eugenists also argued , on the assumption that the working classes were made up of less intelligent and less healthy stock , that if their birth rate remained higher than that of the middle and professional classes then the physical and intellectual standards of the British population must decline .
the eugenists also argued , on the assumption that the working classes were made up of less intelligent and less healthy stock , that if their birth rate [stayed] higher than that of the middle and professional classes then the physical and intellectual standards of the british population must decline .

Nevertheless , family allowances had yet to become an integral part of the programme of either major political party and the trade unions remained , in the words of Elanor Rathbone , ‘ suspicious and aloof ’ .
nevertheless , family allowances had yet to become an integral part of the programme of either major political party and the trade unions [stayed] , in the words of elanor rathbone , ‘ suspicious and aloof ’ .

For the last ten years or so , feminist commentators on social policy have remarked upon two particular features of the British social security system : first , that it is based on clear and consistent views about the nature of marriage and the economic and social relationship between husbands and wives ( Land and Parker , 1978 ; O'Donovan , 1979 ) ; and secondly , despite considerable changes in the position of women in society since the principles of the modern social security system were laid out in the Beveridge Report ( Beveridge , 1942 ) and consolidated in post-war legislation , the system itself and its principles have remained obstinately impervious to change ( Land , 1975 ) .
for the last ten years or so , feminist commentators on social policy have remarked upon two particular features of the british social security system : first , that it is based on clear and consistent views about the nature of marriage and the economic and social relationship between husbands and wives ( land and parker , 1978 ; o'donovan , 1979 ) ; and secondly , despite considerable changes in the position of women in society since the principles of the modern social security system were laid out in the beveridge report ( beveridge , 1942 ) and consolidated in post-war legislation , the system itself and its principles have [stayed] obstinately impervious to change ( land , 1975 ) .

This removed one of the major justifications for different retirement ages ; nevertheless they have remained .
this removed one of the major justifications for different retirement ages ; nevertheless they have [stayed] .

Housework and childcare have remained largely privatised , neither integrated into socialised commodity production , nor taken over by the state , unlike education and the health service .
housework and childcare have [stayed] largely privatised , neither integrated into socialised commodity production , nor taken over by the state , unlike education and the health service .

But despite greater participation by women in the workforce , ideological emphases on women 's place in the home remained strong , albeit tinged with some acceptance of women 's secondary place in the labour market .
but despite greater participation by women in the workforce , ideological emphases on women 's place in the home [stayed] strong , albeit tinged with some acceptance of women 's secondary place in the labour market .

However , for working-class girls the emphasis within education remained largely on the preparation for marriage and a family , with little account being taken of their equally likely long-term participation in the labour market .
however , for working-class girls the emphasis within education [stayed] largely on the preparation for marriage and a family , with little account being taken of their equally likely long-term participation in the labour market .

This is something which remained obscure and undeveloped in psychoanalytic theory until the later developments in the instinct theory were introduced by Freud .
this is something which [stayed] obscure and undeveloped in psychoanalytic theory until the later developments in the instinct theory were introduced by freud .

Unlike many people since the end of the Second World War , Freud , writing in the late 1920s , remained impressed with the progress made in the use of technology in improving man 's life , although not unaware of the potential it had for destruction .
unlike many people since the end of the second world war , freud , writing in the late 1920s , [stayed] impressed with the progress made in the use of technology in improving man 's life , although not unaware of the potential it had for destruction .

He remained in the background in much of Jewish history , but appeared again in the Prophets ' teachings .
he [stayed] in the background in much of jewish history , but appeared again in the prophets ' teachings .

Equipment remained relatively primitive until some years after the war .
equipment [stayed] relatively primitive until some years after the war .

There remained the question of what to do with the king .
there [stayed] the question of what to do with the king .

Neither Count Louis de Nevers , who died in 1346 fighting on the French side at Grécy , nor his successor Louis de Mâle supported the towns in their negotiations with Edward , and both remained loyal to their French suzerain despite the pressures which Edward brought to bear on Flanders .
neither count louis de nevers , who died in 1346 fighting on the french side at grécy , nor his successor louis de mâle supported the towns in their negotiations with edward , and both [stayed] loyal to their french suzerain despite the pressures which edward brought to bear on flanders .

The English position in Aquitaine remained insecure , however , and the government in Bordeaux was rapidly running out of money .
the english position in aquitaine [stayed] insecure , however , and the government in bordeaux was rapidly running out of money .

Northampton 's campaign in Brittany also produced some notable successes : the expedition remained in the duchy for two years , and in 1347 Northampton 's lieutenant Sir Thomas Dagworth captured Charles of Blois at La Roche-Derrien .
northampton 's campaign in brittany also produced some notable successes : the expedition [stayed] in the duchy for two years , and in 1347 northampton 's lieutenant sir thomas dagworth captured charles of blois at la roche-derrien .

His youngest daughter Margaret married John Hastings Earl of Pembroke in 1359 , and although she died two years later , Pembroke remained high in favour at court and , with royal encouragement , embarked on a plan to reunite the inheritance of his ancestor William Marshall , which had twice been partitioned in the previous century and a half .
his youngest daughter margaret married john hastings earl of pembroke in 1359 , and although she died two years later , pembroke [stayed] high in favour at court and , with royal encouragement , embarked on a plan to reunite the inheritance of his ancestor william marshall , which had twice been partitioned in the previous century and a half .

The main reason for the ban was the problem of non-smoking coaches becoming crowded with people standing , while seats remained empty in smoking carriages .
the main reason for the ban was the problem of non-smoking coaches becoming crowded with people standing , while seats [stayed] empty in smoking carriages .

If Roberts had not given himself up , the offence would have remained undetected .
if roberts had not given himself up , the offence would have [stayed] undetected .

Russian foreign minister Andrei Kozyrev , in Belgrade on a new Balkan peace mission , and the European Community insisted they remained committed to the Vance-Owen plan .
russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev , in belgrade on a new balkan peace mission , and the european community insisted they [stayed] committed to the vance-owen plan .

But , throughout his long career , he remained impervious to the explosions on the modern art front , remaining true to himself and evincing many similar characteristics to those of that earlier great East Anglian watercolourist John Sell Cotman , whom he greatly admired as , notably , in The Dales , 1961 .
but , throughout his long career , he [stayed] impervious to the explosions on the modern art front , remaining true to himself and evincing many similar characteristics to those of that earlier great east anglian watercolourist john sell cotman , whom he greatly admired as , notably , in the dales , 1961 .

Three weeks after her trial began on February 15 this year , she collapsed , and from then the dock remained empty .
three weeks after her trial began on february 15 this year , she collapsed , and from then the dock [stayed] empty .

Their song , or their dirge , remained unsung , or at any rate unheard .
their song , or their dirge , [stayed] unsung , or at any rate unheard .

Initial reports from the site indicated that there had been some damage to buildings at the camp site , some distance from the gas plant , but that the plant itself remained unscathed .
initial reports from the site indicated that there had been some damage to buildings at the camp site , some distance from the gas plant , but that the plant itself [stayed] unscathed .

Despite the drop in sales value , the Group 's volume base remained intact , the number of pieces despatched being similar to 1991 , reflecting a worldwide consumer trend towards lower-priced products .
despite the drop in sales value , the group 's volume base [stayed] intact , the number of pieces despatched being similar to 1991 , reflecting a worldwide consumer trend towards lower-priced products .

The scores from the returns were added together and Chelmsford still remained on top , led by Katie and her colleagues Annie Marie , Kate and Karon .
the scores from the returns were added together and chelmsford still [stayed] on top , led by katie and her colleagues annie marie , kate and karon .

Total module enrolments have remained static .
total module enrolments have [stayed] static .

London 's Docklands over the centuries has seen many ways of life come and go , but one has remained ; that of pests .
london 's docklands over the centuries has seen many ways of life come and go , but one has [stayed] ; that of pests .

it was held that the pursuer would almost certainly succeed against his employer but where a substantial question remained about his fault it would be inappropriate to make any award against the master .
it was held that the pursuer would almost certainly succeed against his employer but where a substantial question [stayed] about his fault it would be inappropriate to make any award against the master .

He went on to say that while Wedgwood remained profitable , it had experienced a difficult year .
he went on to say that while wedgwood [stayed] profitable , it had experienced a difficult year .

In 1298 – 99 the English withstood siege by the Scots for a remarkable 14 months , though few survivors remained when the garrison finally surrendered .
in 1298 – 99 the english withstood siege by the scots for a remarkable 14 months , though few survivors [stayed] when the garrison finally surrendered .

Having discarded as inadequate our orthodox rationalisations for meat 's culinary centrality , the question remained : why is it so important ?
having discarded as inadequate our orthodox rationalisations for meat 's culinary centrality , the question [stayed] : why is it so important ?

Despite these difficulties , regional activities remained at a high level .
despite these difficulties , regional activities [stayed] at a high level .

One case remained part-heard at the end of the year .
one case [stayed] part-heard at the end of the year .

The level of income from recoveries remained steady at £2.6m .
the level of income from recoveries [stayed] steady at £2.6m .

He remained critical of some promotional literature which , he said , should be written from the point of view of what the first-time investor might construe it to mean .
he [stayed] critical of some promotional literature which , he said , should be written from the point of view of what the first-time investor might construe it to mean .

Just too late to serve the dwindling numbers of travelling public which had relied heavily on the railways , it remained open for only 40 years , during which time the car came more and more into ascendancy as a means of transport .
just too late to serve the dwindling numbers of travelling public which had relied heavily on the railways , it [stayed] open for only 40 years , during which time the car came more and more into ascendancy as a means of transport .

Psychology and Health in which research income has remained high , includes a large grant from the Cancer Relief MacMillan Fund .
psychology and health in which research income has [stayed] high , includes a large grant from the cancer relief macmillan fund .

‘ He was very determined to ensure all the power remained in the centre , one observer said .
‘ he was very determined to ensure all the power [stayed] in the centre , one observer said .

Not many people in the financial world , apart , oddly enough , from chartered accountants , can say they have worked for five different companies and yet remained where they started off .
not many people in the financial world , apart , oddly enough , from chartered accountants , can say they have worked for five different companies and yet [stayed] where they started off .

The streetlights were still orange , daylight remained somewhere above the houses .
the streetlights were still orange , daylight [stayed] somewhere above the houses .

They remained undecided .
they [stayed] undecided .

Ever since Howard Carter discovered his tomb in November 1922 , the pharaoh 's mummy has remained in his tomb unseen by the public .
ever since howard carter discovered his tomb in november 1922 , the pharaoh 's mummy has [stayed] in his tomb unseen by the public .

If Scathach had wanted her to stay she would have stayed , but he remained distant , not responding to Tallis 's touch .
if scathach had wanted her to stay she would have stayed , but he [stayed] distant , not responding to tallis 's touch .

If the masks have remained of importance to you , you must certainly fashion it again .
if the masks have [stayed] of importance to you , you must certainly fashion it again .

One of the birds flapped towards a tall , dead elm , whose limbs had been stripped by fierce winds until only two remained , like gnarled horns , rising from the top of the trunk .
one of the birds flapped towards a tall , dead elm , whose limbs had been stripped by fierce winds until only two [stayed] , like gnarled horns , rising from the top of the trunk .

It rose into the evening sky ; three odd , twisted branches tangled with the clouds , all that remained of the tree 's broken limbs .
it rose into the evening sky ; three odd , twisted branches tangled with the clouds , all that [stayed] of the tree 's broken limbs .

The four riders who remained inside the compound were unsettled by the dogs , which ran among their horses causing them to buck and rear .
the four riders who [stayed] inside the compound were unsettled by the dogs , which ran among their horses causing them to buck and rear .

They found the ruins of a flint and pebble wall , all that remained of an old stronghold , perhaps , or the defensive wall of a village ; perhaps a tomb place , or shrine .
they found the ruins of a flint and pebble wall , all that [stayed] of an old stronghold , perhaps , or the defensive wall of a village ; perhaps a tomb place , or shrine .

He and the old Daurog remained awake , watching each other across the small space .
he and the old daurog [stayed] awake , watching each other across the small space .

The mast had come down , but rags of the canvas sheets remained .
the mast had come down , but rags of the canvas sheets [stayed] .

He had ended his own life , but in the cold had remained crouched , his hand resting on the hilt of the blade which he had pushed into his heart .
he had ended his own life , but in the cold had [stayed] crouched , his hand resting on the hilt of the blade which he had pushed into his heart .

Tallis was shocked for a moment , and remained quite still .
tallis was shocked for a moment , and [stayed] quite still .

She prised open the body 's right fist , and there , charred at the edge , was all that remained of the nightgown .
she prised open the body 's right fist , and there , charred at the edge , was all that [stayed] of the nightgown .

Exhausted , Morthen 's wounding cuts hurting her , she remained seated here , watching the cleft in the cliff over the gaunt and grimacing features of the man she had once loved .
exhausted , morthen 's wounding cuts hurting her , she [stayed] seated here , watching the cleft in the cliff over the gaunt and grimacing features of the man she had once loved .

The stickiness remained on her fingers .
the stickiness [stayed] on her fingers .

Here she remained for what seemed an eternity .
here she [stayed] for what seemed an eternity .

He remained still and one of them settled on his shoulder , hopped to his head and reached a yellow beak to peck at his eyes .
he [stayed] still and one of them settled on his shoulder , hopped to his head and reached a yellow beak to peck at his eyes .

She could not tell the human who she was , but she remembered the feeling of affinity ; she tried to indicate that affinity , a finger pointed to holly and to human flesh , but the blank look remained in that fur-wrapped , pale-faced Tallis .
she could not tell the human who she was , but she remembered the feeling of affinity ; she tried to indicate that affinity , a finger pointed to holly and to human flesh , but the blank look [stayed] in that fur-wrapped , pale-faced tallis .

The pincers remained stuck to the skin .
the pincers [stayed] stuck to the skin .

Burn marks remained on her arm .
burn marks [stayed] on her arm .

The jungle remained dark and uninviting .
the jungle [stayed] dark and uninviting .

They latched on to walls and remained motionless .
they latched on to walls and [stayed] motionless .

Blake was not surprised to be told by the Doctor that its origin and purpose remained unknown .
blake was not surprised to be told by the doctor that its origin and purpose [stayed] unknown .

The Doctor 's response gave the poet no confidence , but choice was limited ; he either went along with the Doctor or he remained behind .
the doctor 's response gave the poet no confidence , but choice was limited ; he either went along with the doctor or he [stayed] behind .

The flapping remained in the distance .
the flapping [stayed] in the distance .

The Doctor remained silent .
the doctor [stayed] silent .

Although Scotland has been part of the United Kingdom for nearly three hundred years , it has never lost its identity as a separate nation , and Edinburgh has remained the centre of its government , church and law , which itself can provide an incentive to study in the capital .
although scotland has been part of the united kingdom for nearly three hundred years , it has never lost its identity as a separate nation , and edinburgh has [stayed] the centre of its government , church and law , which itself can provide an incentive to study in the capital .

Humans clomped slowly around the train and what remained of the truck .
humans clomped slowly around the train and what [stayed] of the truck .

In a land where , with a little water , anything would grow , and private gardens were a blaze of bougainvillaea and oleander , Cairo 's public gardens remained bits of desert , and the only colour in the Ezbekiya was provided once a week by the uniforms of the incredibly incompetent Egyptian regimental band .
in a land where , with a little water , anything would grow , and private gardens were a blaze of bougainvillaea and oleander , cairo 's public gardens [stayed] bits of desert , and the only colour in the ezbekiya was provided once a week by the uniforms of the incredibly incompetent egyptian regimental band .

The woman shrugged off their hands and remained sitting where she was .
the woman shrugged off their hands and [stayed] sitting where she was .

But his voice , his expression , remained detached .
but his voice , his expression , [stayed] detached .

With the primal father dead and gone , and the act of rape of the mothers and sisters consummated , the positive side of the ambivalence got the upper hand and the ego , now relieved of an inner conflict by satisfaction of one of two contradictory desires , could allow itself to gratify the one which remained , namely , love for , and obedience to the father .
with the primal father dead and gone , and the act of rape of the mothers and sisters consummated , the positive side of the ambivalence got the upper hand and the ego , now relieved of an inner conflict by satisfaction of one of two contradictory desires , could allow itself to gratify the one which [stayed] , namely , love for , and obedience to the father .

Because the change to a hunting society was , in evolutionary terms , a sudden one and because the human id was not adapted for it ( on the contrary , the id was , and has remained , that of a gelada-like forager ) only drastic changes in the ego — and in particular the emergence of the superego — could deal with it .
because the change to a hunting society was , in evolutionary terms , a sudden one and because the human id was not adapted for it ( on the contrary , the id was , and has [stayed] , that of a gelada-like forager ) only drastic changes in the ego — and in particular the emergence of the superego — could deal with it .

, Strachey ] , probably in 1921 , that he regarded it as his best-written work … the book remained a favourite all through his life and he constantly recurred to it .
, strachey ] , probably in 1921 , that he regarded it as his best-written work … the book [stayed] a favourite all through his life and he constantly recurred to it .

This improvident and unself-disciplined behaviour was a direct consequence of the Inca welfare system in which ‘ a subsistence minimum was assured to every individual , absolute destitution was unknown , and great inequalities of fortune were and remained exceptional .
this improvident and unself-disciplined behaviour was a direct consequence of the inca welfare system in which ‘ a subsistence minimum was assured to every individual , absolute destitution was unknown , and great inequalities of fortune were and [stayed] exceptional .

Edinburgh has remained the centre of its government , its church , and its law .
edinburgh has [stayed] the centre of its government , its church , and its law .

By the time he had dealt with all this , the quintet had dissolved : only Glastonbury and Chatterton remained .
by the time he had dealt with all this , the quintet had dissolved : only glastonbury and chatterton [stayed] .

While Zen waited for his driver to arrive , his hosts tried politely to find out who he was and what he 'd been doing , but he remained deliberately vague .
while zen waited for his driver to arrive , his hosts tried politely to find out who he was and what he 'd been doing , but he [stayed] deliberately vague .

So it only remained to find a suitable present .
so it only [stayed] to find a suitable present .

But the phone remained sullenly silent .
but the phone [stayed] sullenly silent .

Little enough was left him now , but at least his dignity remained , though no one but himself could see it .
little enough was left him now , but at least his dignity [stayed] , though no one but himself could see it .

Not a soul remained in the cottages , inn , barns , stables .
not a soul [stayed] in the cottages , inn , barns , stables .

No one remained with strength enough to fetch a crowbar and lever open the flimsy chapel door — except perhaps the Mason , who was too bent on escaping the touch of the contaminated crowd .
no one [stayed] with strength enough to fetch a crowbar and lever open the flimsy chapel door — except perhaps the mason , who was too bent on escaping the touch of the contaminated crowd .

Not a soul remained of the plaguey mob : not a dead body , not a live petitioner .
not a soul [stayed] of the plaguey mob : not a dead body , not a live petitioner .

Only Colley remained .
only colley [stayed] .

Nothing ever remained the same .
nothing ever [stayed] the same .

Charles and Patrick had remained in the little sitting room while John went to talk to his wife and mother before he was taken away for further debriefing .
charles and patrick had [stayed] in the little sitting room while john went to talk to his wife and mother before he was taken away for further debriefing .

The two ‘ Sirs ’ Bryan and Gordon , had already driven and the Bentley Mulsanne remained unclaimed .
the two ‘ sirs ’ bryan and gordon , had already driven and the bentley mulsanne [stayed] unclaimed .

John remained silent and brooding while the Swede and the Australian played the hole .
john [stayed] silent and brooding while the swede and the australian played the hole .

Executive dominance has remained as the scope of the state has expanded .
executive dominance has [stayed] as the scope of the state has expanded .

Even when laissez-faire disappeared the political assumptions of limited government remained .
even when laissez-faire disappeared the political assumptions of limited government [stayed] .

So , as Engels had said in the Anti-Dühring , ‘ The political order remained feudal , while society became more and more bourgeois ’ .
so , as engels had said in the anti-dühring , ‘ the political order [stayed] feudal , while society became more and more bourgeois ’ .

In most theories of development a major source of bureaucratic power is thought to be the legacy of colonialism under which administrative institutions proliferated while other political structures remained underdeveloped ( Riggs 1963 ) .
in most theories of development a major source of bureaucratic power is thought to be the legacy of colonialism under which administrative institutions proliferated while other political structures [stayed] underdeveloped ( riggs 1963 ) .

Contingency theory has not remained entirely deterministic , mainly as a result of Child 's insistence on the significance of ‘ strategic choice ’ .
contingency theory has not [stayed] entirely deterministic , mainly as a result of child 's insistence on the significance of ‘ strategic choice ’ .

But Bridget response was a slight shake of the head , and Loretta remained silent .
but bridget response was a slight shake of the head , and loretta [stayed] silent .

’ Bridget asked anxiously as Loretta remained silent .
’ bridget asked anxiously as loretta [stayed] silent .

Walking the half-mile to Chapel market , she turned over and over in her mind the many questions about the murder that remained unanswered .
walking the half-mile to chapel market , she turned over and over in her mind the many questions about the murder that [stayed] unanswered .

After all , Veronica 's request to use the flat in rue Roland two months before the murder , and the odd business with the keys afterwards , remained unexplained .
after all , veronica 's request to use the flat in rue roland two months before the murder , and the odd business with the keys afterwards , [stayed] unexplained .

When Loretta stopped speaking , Veronica remained silent for a minute .
when loretta stopped speaking , veronica [stayed] silent for a minute .

’ She sat down herself but her face remained blank .
’ she sat down herself but her face [stayed] blank .

By 1983 , the categories had changed somewhat , though the anomalies remained .
by 1983 , the categories had changed somewhat , though the anomalies [stayed] .

Thus , women 's work in domestic food production has remained largely invisible ( see Boserup , 1970 ; Petritsch , 1985 ) , while the role of the TNCs is broadcast from television , radio , newsprint and billboards all over the Third World .
thus , women 's work in domestic food production has [stayed] largely invisible ( see boserup , 1970 ; petritsch , 1985 ) , while the role of the tncs is broadcast from television , radio , newsprint and billboards all over the third world .

This study attempted to follow up 93 consecutive patients whose anaemia remained obscure after these investigations to determine the outcome and assess the safety of this limited approach .
this study attempted to follow up 93 consecutive patients whose anaemia [stayed] obscure after these investigations to determine the outcome and assess the safety of this limited approach .

For the next 18 months her colitis remained controlled , albeit on regular courses of prednisolone .
for the next 18 months her colitis [stayed] controlled , albeit on regular courses of prednisolone .

The true story remained unknown until 1928 .
the true story [stayed] unknown until 1928 .

We learn that kings , presidents , and politicians have remained in office while either suffering behind a wall of secrecy from serious mental or physical illness or living under the influence of alcohol or drugs ( Hitler was addicted to cocaine , President Kennedy and Anthony Eden to large and frequent doses of amphetamines ) .
we learn that kings , presidents , and politicians have [stayed] in office while either suffering behind a wall of secrecy from serious mental or physical illness or living under the influence of alcohol or drugs ( hitler was addicted to cocaine , president kennedy and anthony eden to large and frequent doses of amphetamines ) .

However , most survivors did not improve mentally or physically and large numbers remained with long-term disability .
however , most survivors did not improve mentally or physically and large numbers [stayed] with long-term disability .

There is no suggestion that Gloucester enjoyed any influence within the lordships , where the royal officials remained unchanged .
there is no suggestion that gloucester enjoyed any influence within the lordships , where the royal officials [stayed] unchanged .

This may mean that he had remained in the region when the court set off for the midlands at the end of June .
this may mean that he had [stayed] in the region when the court set off for the midlands at the end of june .

Although annuities and major office remained in the gift of the crown , with the issue of letters patent under the duchy seal warranted by royal signet or sign manual , these grants were the result of lobbying by interested parties and the chief steward was well placed to have his wishes heard .
although annuities and major office [stayed] in the gift of the crown , with the issue of letters patent under the duchy seal warranted by royal signet or sign manual , these grants were the result of lobbying by interested parties and the chief steward was well placed to have his wishes heard .

Support for the accusation comes from two cases where associates of the duke were dismissed by the council for failing to render account , but then remained in post .
support for the accusation comes from two cases where associates of the duke were dismissed by the council for failing to render account , but then [stayed] in post .

Sir Ralph Ashton , the receiver of Pickering , was dismissed in 1480 , but remained in office until after Richard 's death .
sir ralph ashton , the receiver of pickering , was dismissed in 1480 , but [stayed] in office until after richard 's death .

The remoteness of the county must always have meant that kings remained particularly dependent on local good will .
the remoteness of the county must always have meant that kings [stayed] particularly dependent on local good will .

The de Vere lands remained a source of reward for northern servants of the duke .
the de vere lands [stayed] a source of reward for northern servants of the duke .

He was himself a member of the prince 's council , and although he is unlikely to have played much part in its activities this is only to be expected from a nobleman of his rank and does not mean that he remained aloof from the king 's plans for the region .
he was himself a member of the prince 's council , and although he is unlikely to have played much part in its activities this is only to be expected from a nobleman of his rank and does not mean that he [stayed] aloof from the king 's plans for the region .

Lesser offices remained the preserve of local men , although they were usually people of limited importance .
lesser offices [stayed] the preserve of local men , although they were usually people of limited importance .

The archbishop remained out of favour .
the archbishop [stayed] out of favour .

The pioneering work of Whipple in 1945 began an era of portosystemic shunt surgery for portal hypertension which remained the primary form of treatment for nearly 30 years even though the consequences of portal diversion such as liver atrophy and encephalopathy were soon recognised .
the pioneering work of whipple in 1945 began an era of portosystemic shunt surgery for portal hypertension which [stayed] the primary form of treatment for nearly 30 years even though the consequences of portal diversion such as liver atrophy and encephalopathy were soon recognised .

There was no recurrence of his ventricular tachycardias while he remained in hospital .
there was no recurrence of his ventricular tachycardias while he [stayed] in hospital .

The frequency of the pressure waves remained unchanged .
the frequency of the pressure waves [stayed] unchanged .

While these authors also noted a slight decrease in the proliferative activity of the distal colon , they found that this difference remained constant regardless of the risk status of the subject ( normal controls , small or large adenomas , colon cancer ) .
while these authors also noted a slight decrease in the proliferative activity of the distal colon , they found that this difference [stayed] constant regardless of the risk status of the subject ( normal controls , small or large adenomas , colon cancer ) .

Within the polyp group , labelling pattern differences also emerged between the subgroup of patients in whom polyps recurred and those in whom the colon remained polyp free during the follow up period .
within the polyp group , labelling pattern differences also emerged between the subgroup of patients in whom polyps recurred and those in whom the colon [stayed] polyp free during the follow up period .

In men it increased from 59.1 to 113.4 , but in women it remained unchanged ( mean 35.0 ) .
in men it increased from 59.1 to 113.4 , but in women it [stayed] unchanged ( mean 35.0 ) .

The incidence of discharges due to haemorrhagic pancreatitis and pancreatic abscess doubled in men and remained unchanged in women .
the incidence of discharges due to haemorrhagic pancreatitis and pancreatic abscess doubled in men and [stayed] unchanged in women .

The incidence increased remarkably during 1970–74 and 1987–89 , but remained comparatively unchanged from 1975 to 1986 .
the incidence increased remarkably during 1970–74 and 1987–89 , but [stayed] comparatively unchanged from 1975 to 1986 .

The proportion of severe episodes from all pancreatitis discharges in men increased from 8.1 % in 1977 to 13–4 % in 1981 and remained at an average of 14.0 % during the 1980s ( Fig 4 ) .
the proportion of severe episodes from all pancreatitis discharges in men increased from 8.1 % in 1977 to 13–4 % in 1981 and [stayed] at an average of 14.0 % during the 1980s ( fig 4 ) .

Because the recording system has remained unchanged throughout the study period , any changes in the data are probably not a result of errors in registration .
because the recording system has [stayed] unchanged throughout the study period , any changes in the data are probably not a result of errors in registration .

The incidence of severe pancreattis discharges doubled in men and remained unchanged in women .
the incidence of severe pancreattis discharges doubled in men and [stayed] unchanged in women .

One of these developed an adenoma six years later , which was removed at colonoscopy and has remained free of dysplasia since ( 6 years ) .
one of these developed an adenoma six years later , which was removed at colonoscopy and has [stayed] free of dysplasia since ( 6 years ) .

Trauma during catheterisation seems unlikely , however , because the splenic artery remained permeable on follow up studies and catheterisation of the pseudoaneurysm was not performed .
trauma during catheterisation seems unlikely , however , because the splenic artery [stayed] permeable on follow up studies and catheterisation of the pseudoaneurysm was not performed .

Even after transpapillary removal of one clip , guidewire passage remained impossible .
even after transpapillary removal of one clip , guidewire passage [stayed] impossible .

Two of them never required further endoscopy as their local bowel symptoms remained well controlled ( survival 2.5 and 14 months ) .
two of them never required further endoscopy as their local bowel symptoms [stayed] well controlled ( survival 2.5 and 14 months ) .

The second procedure went smoothly ( as the fluid and electrolyte problems remained controlled after laser and radiotherapy treatment ) , an abdominoperineal resection was performed and the patient remains well six months later .
the second procedure went smoothly ( as the fluid and electrolyte problems [stayed] controlled after laser and radiotherapy treatment ) , an abdominoperineal resection was performed and the patient remains well six months later .

The characteristics of Byzantine design remained almost constant during this extended time but there were two chief phases of development , based upon the periods of expansion and wealth of the Empire .
the characteristics of byzantine design [stayed] almost constant during this extended time but there were two chief phases of development , based upon the periods of expansion and wealth of the empire .

The city remained free until the early sixteenth century but was less wealthy .
the city [stayed] free until the early sixteenth century but was less wealthy .

The St Albans writer Thomas Walsingham declared that scarcely two men survived out of twenty in certain religious houses , and that many men considered that barely a tenth of the whole population remained alive ( 32 , i , 273 ) .
the st albans writer thomas walsingham declared that scarcely two men survived out of twenty in certain religious houses , and that many men considered that barely a tenth of the whole population [stayed] alive ( 32 , i , 273 ) .

The Black Death , which reached England in 1348 , remained virulent in the following year , and recurred frequently in succeeding centuries , probably originated in central Asia and spread to the Black Sea area along the trans-Asian trade routes .
the black death , which reached england in 1348 , [stayed] virulent in the following year , and recurred frequently in succeeding centuries , probably originated in central asia and spread to the black sea area along the trans-asian trade routes .

The total supply of money in circulation can not , however , be measured , because although the value of coins struck is known for individual years , there is no satisfactory way of estimating how long they remained in circulation .
the total supply of money in circulation can not , however , be measured , because although the value of coins struck is known for individual years , there is no satisfactory way of estimating how long they [stayed] in circulation .

The persistence of plague may have been partly responsible — the fact that the late summer remained a period of high mortality in an average year is compatible with the seasonal character of the disease ( 99 , pp .
the persistence of plague may have been partly responsible — the fact that the late summer [stayed] a period of high mortality in an average year is compatible with the seasonal character of the disease ( 99 , pp .

It is probable that plague remained a constant threat , even if it is less well recorded in contemporary writings than at an earlier date ; probably men were more inured to its presence than they had been in the first shock of 1348 .
it is probable that plague [stayed] a constant threat , even if it is less well recorded in contemporary writings than at an earlier date ; probably men were more inured to its presence than they had been in the first shock of 1348 .

Certainly it is noteworthy that it was 1377 , a year of good harvest , which marked the start of the period when real wages remained high .
certainly it is noteworthy that it was 1377 , a year of good harvest , which marked the start of the period when real wages [stayed] high .

In conclusion , the population of England remained fairly stable for much of the fifteenth century , at a far lower level than in the first half of the fourteenth .
in conclusion , the population of england [stayed] fairly stable for much of the fifteenth century , at a far lower level than in the first half of the fourteenth .

It also undermined the economic resources of the landowners , although here one must stress considerable regional variations — the land market in South-east England remained buoyant because of its proximity to the London market , which provided an outlet for agricultural produce .
it also undermined the economic resources of the landowners , although here one must stress considerable regional variations — the land market in south-east england [stayed] buoyant because of its proximity to the london market , which provided an outlet for agricultural produce .

Court profits ( which included entry fines ) fell before 1400 and remained depressed as late as 1507 , and the revenues from mills and tolls , already declining in 1400 , also showed no recovery by the early sixteenth century .
court profits ( which included entry fines ) fell before 1400 and [stayed] depressed as late as 1507 , and the revenues from mills and tolls , already declining in 1400 , also showed no recovery by the early sixteenth century .

The poll tax returns for some areas in the West Midlands suggest that little more than one village in ten had resident gentry , and in Leicestershire the situation seems to have been similar , and to have remained so into the sixteenth century .
the poll tax returns for some areas in the west midlands suggest that little more than one village in ten had resident gentry , and in leicestershire the situation seems to have been similar , and to have [stayed] so into the sixteenth century .

In the clay land areas , little stone was available for building , and timber remained the main material of houses , even as late as the fifteenth century .
in the clay land areas , little stone was available for building , and timber [stayed] the main material of houses , even as late as the fifteenth century .

It is also worth noting that after his death he seems to have remained as a hero in folk memory .
it is also worth noting that after his death he seems to have [stayed] as a hero in folk memory .

The rest of it remained open until the early seventeenth century , when new enclosures led to major agrarian unrest in the shire , with Cotesbach at the centre of it .
the rest of it [stayed] open until the early seventeenth century , when new enclosures led to major agrarian unrest in the shire , with cotesbach at the centre of it .

In the fifteenth century London remained under merchant rule : all but 6 of the 88 men who were mayor during it were drawn from the 6 greatest companies , the mercers , grocers , drapers , fishmongers , goldsmiths and skinners .
in the fifteenth century london [stayed] under merchant rule : all but 6 of the 88 men who were mayor during it were drawn from the 6 greatest companies , the mercers , grocers , drapers , fishmongers , goldsmiths and skinners .

By the beginning of the fifteenth century the wool Staple was fixed at Calais , where it remained .
by the beginning of the fifteenth century the wool staple was fixed at calais , where it [stayed] .

It should be stressed that even when the war was going badly for England , the partnership secured profits , which remained in England , even although the gains ultimately passed to other hands than those of the partners .
it should be stressed that even when the war was going badly for england , the partnership secured profits , which [stayed] in england , even although the gains ultimately passed to other hands than those of the partners .

This political imbalance of North and South remained imperfectly corrected till 1832 — indeed it was to be made worse by the Tudor establishment of boroughs in the Crown duchy of Cornwall in the sixteenth century .
this political imbalance of north and south [stayed] imperfectly corrected till 1832 — indeed it was to be made worse by the tudor establishment of boroughs in the crown duchy of cornwall in the sixteenth century .

Plasma fibrinogen remained unaffected , but neutralising antibodies , which did not cross-react with streptokinase , were consistently found in plasma at 14–35 days .
plasma fibrinogen [stayed] unaffected , but neutralising antibodies , which did not cross-react with streptokinase , were consistently found in plasma at 14–35 days .

It was later confirmed that she has remained healthy .
it was later confirmed that she has [stayed] healthy .

It might not have prevented her feelings for him from developing as they had , but it would certainly not have caused a change in the atmosphere in this place , and he might have remained livable with .
it might not have prevented her feelings for him from developing as they had , but it would certainly not have caused a change in the atmosphere in this place , and he might have [stayed] livable with .

She watched her mother get into the car , but she remained standing by the open door until Lizzie had turned the car and then disappeared down the drive .
she watched her mother get into the car , but she [stayed] standing by the open door until lizzie had turned the car and then disappeared down the drive .

The direct tax take is now more than £30 billion below what it would have been if the old system had remained in place and indexed .
the direct tax take is now more than £30 billion below what it would have been if the old system had [stayed] in place and indexed .

Here , the failure to consult was material because if the community health council had been consulted when it should have been in May , 1992 , it might have helped to ensure that the commitment to transfer the unit to the new hospital remained until a satisfactory new home for the unit could be found .
here , the failure to consult was material because if the community health council had been consulted when it should have been in may , 1992 , it might have helped to ensure that the commitment to transfer the unit to the new hospital [stayed] until a satisfactory new home for the unit could be found .

The wharf walk had remained closed to the public in case the lab boys wanted a second bite at the cherry .
the wharf walk had [stayed] closed to the public in case the lab boys wanted a second bite at the cherry .

She remained standing , evidently not very sure how to begin .
she [stayed] standing , evidently not very sure how to begin .

As the witness concerned , Terry Gill , had to be omitted ( though he remained a suspect ) ; that left Alan Tate and Mark Garland , both of whom were of medium height , slight of build and certainly capable of the agility required .
as the witness concerned , terry gill , had to be omitted ( though he [stayed] a suspect ) ; that left alan tate and mark garland , both of whom were of medium height , slight of build and certainly capable of the agility required .

Carrington , on initial training in London , gleaned snippets from his colleagues , and from Desmond Morton ; who remained clubbable and generous as long as there was gin in evidence .
carrington , on initial training in london , gleaned snippets from his colleagues , and from desmond morton ; who [stayed] clubbable and generous as long as there was gin in evidence .

Their views on everything , from what to have for breakfast to the course and conduct of the war , had remained diametrically opposed .
their views on everything , from what to have for breakfast to the course and conduct of the war , had [stayed] diametrically opposed .

In the days since they had first met , Hess had unbent a little with Edward Carrington , but his decision not to discuss detail had remained unchanged .
in the days since they had first met , hess had unbent a little with edward carrington , but his decision not to discuss detail had [stayed] unchanged .

Stratton remained silent .
stratton [stayed] silent .

Lewis had fallen fast asleep on the back seat of the police car and remained so for the whole of the journey back to Oxford .
lewis had fallen fast asleep on the back seat of the police car and [stayed] so for the whole of the journey back to oxford .

Murphy 's final year had come to an end and the loathsome boy remained without employment .
murphy 's final year had come to an end and the loathsome boy [stayed] without employment .

Both plinth and map remained inviolate .
both plinth and map [stayed] inviolate .

Little remained of Milcom Moloch .
little [stayed] of milcom moloch .

Tuppe 's eyes remained tightly shut .
tuppe 's eyes [stayed] tightly shut .

Now the area was being done up by the young middle class , he stubbornly refused to paint his house and remained firmly working class to the extent of asking the Council to bring back his outside toilet .
now the area was being done up by the young middle class , he stubbornly refused to paint his house and [stayed] firmly working class to the extent of asking the council to bring back his outside toilet .

Yet he remained disgustingly cheerful and unputdownable , and his capacity for what he called warm , flat , sloppy Southern beer was legendary .
yet he [stayed] disgustingly cheerful and unputdownable , and his capacity for what he called warm , flat , sloppy southern beer was legendary .

Instead , Geordie string pillager Mike Dunphy has remained faithful to his distinctive scratchy rivums and , in turn , has kicked the Cud extravaganza squarely in the udders .
instead , geordie string pillager mike dunphy has [stayed] faithful to his distinctive scratchy rivums and , in turn , has kicked the cud extravaganza squarely in the udders .

Manorial courts continued to meet regularly throughout the early-modern period and in many places the quality of record-keeping remained high right through to the eighteenth century and sometimes beyond .
manorial courts continued to meet regularly throughout the early-modern period and in many places the quality of record-keeping [stayed] high right through to the eighteenth century and sometimes beyond .

In the western half the common system of tenure was the lease for three lives , whereby the tenant entered the names of any three people , and as long as one of them remained alive the lease held good .
in the western half the common system of tenure was the lease for three lives , whereby the tenant entered the names of any three people , and as long as one of them [stayed] alive the lease held good .

Now it is perfectly true that some families remained in the same district for hundreds of years .
now it is perfectly true that some families [stayed] in the same district for hundreds of years .

The population level remained stable despite a surplus of baptisms over burials .
the population level [stayed] stable despite a surplus of baptisms over burials .

On the other hand , over half the holdings remained intact and in the same family possession .
on the other hand , over half the holdings [stayed] intact and in the same family possession .

The total number of tenants had risen from 125 to 153 ; the number of wealthier farmers remained steady , but the poorer section had increased considerably .
the total number of tenants had risen from 125 to 153 ; the number of wealthier farmers [stayed] steady , but the poorer section had increased considerably .

The fifty-eight separate surnames recorded in Willingham in 1575 had risen to ninety by the 1720s , but only a hard core of twenty-two families remained .
the fifty-eight separate surnames recorded in willingham in 1575 had risen to ninety by the 1720s , but only a hard core of twenty-two families [stayed] .

The only severe check came in 1625 when plague killed one in twelve people and raised the death rate to three times the annual norm ; after that the population remained stable for almost 150 years .
the only severe check came in 1625 when plague killed one in twelve people and raised the death rate to three times the annual norm ; after that the population [stayed] stable for almost 150 years .

Not a single holding in their sample remained in the same family name between 1600 and 1700 and only 2 freeholds and 1 copyhold stayed in the possession of the same family during this century even if allowance is made for inheritance through a female line .
not a single holding in their sample [stayed] in the same family name between 1600 and 1700 and only 2 freeholds and 1 copyhold stayed in the possession of the same family during this century even if allowance is made for inheritance through a female line .

Only 16·5 per cent of the inhabitants of Pimhill Hundred were exempted from payment of the hearth tax in 1672 , and though many cottagers remained near the poverty line all their lives others prospered a little and moved up the social scale .
only 16·5 per cent of the inhabitants of pimhill hundred were exempted from payment of the hearth tax in 1672 , and though many cottagers [stayed] near the poverty line all their lives others prospered a little and moved up the social scale .

But certain families remained for two or three generations , sometimes more .
but certain families [stayed] for two or three generations , sometimes more .

Its annual fairs and three weekly markets brought sellers and purchasers from miles around and goods from overseas were brought up the river Ouse right into the heart of the city , York remained one of the leading provincial centres , despite its decline to less than 8,000 people in the 1520s after the collapse of its cloth industry and the decay of its overseas trade .
its annual fairs and three weekly markets brought sellers and purchasers from miles around and goods from overseas were brought up the river ouse right into the heart of the city , york [stayed] one of the leading provincial centres , despite its decline to less than 8,000 people in the 1520s after the collapse of its cloth industry and the decay of its overseas trade .

Families such as the Hickses , who occupied the second and third tenements , remained in the Row for several generations .
families such as the hickses , who occupied the second and third tenements , [stayed] in the row for several generations .

Fisher Row was similar to some of the contemporary rural communities which have been studied in depth in that it had a stable core of local families which remained for generation after generation while another group which included carters , drovers and seasonal workers who found cheap lodgings in the parish were always on the move .
fisher row was similar to some of the contemporary rural communities which have been studied in depth in that it had a stable core of local families which [stayed] for generation after generation while another group which included carters , drovers and seasonal workers who found cheap lodgings in the parish were always on the move .

While the canal boatmen were away without their families the women who remained were drawn together for mutual support .
while the canal boatmen were away without their families the women who [stayed] were drawn together for mutual support .

Even 2 out of every 3 farm labouring families stayed put and overall 3 out of every 4 households remained virtually the same .
even 2 out of every 3 farm labouring families stayed put and overall 3 out of every 4 households [stayed] virtually the same .

By the middle years of the nineteenth century many an estate village remained impervious to Dissent , whereas the new settlements that had gathered round textile mills , collieries or canal-heads were markedly Nonconformist in character .
by the middle years of the nineteenth century many an estate village [stayed] impervious to dissent , whereas the new settlements that had gathered round textile mills , collieries or canal-heads were markedly nonconformist in character .

At the hearts of these industrial towns the old marketing and retailing functions remained of paramount importance .
at the hearts of these industrial towns the old marketing and retailing functions [stayed] of paramount importance .

The senior members remained in Shelley and Kirkburton but a new branch was now established further south .
the senior members [stayed] in shelley and kirkburton but a new branch was now established further south .

The open arable fields of the village had been enclosed by the agreement of the twenty-three owners of the strips in 1696 , but 7,740 acres of common pastures and rough moorland wastes remained undivided until the enclosure award of 1816 created the rectangular fields and straight lanes that are now such a prominent feature of the landscape .
the open arable fields of the village had been enclosed by the agreement of the twenty-three owners of the strips in 1696 , but 7,740 acres of common pastures and rough moorland wastes [stayed] undivided until the enclosure award of 1816 created the rectangular fields and straight lanes that are now such a prominent feature of the landscape .

Life in the countryside remained firmly rooted in the past .
life in the countryside [stayed] firmly rooted in the past .

Its connotations of romance , intrigue and skullduggery have remained constant down the generations .
its connotations of romance , intrigue and skullduggery have [stayed] constant down the generations .

While the topography has remained basically unaltered for millions of years , the ecology has gradually changed .
while the topography has [stayed] basically unaltered for millions of years , the ecology has gradually changed .

‘ Employers remained employers even when addressed as workers ’ .
‘ employers [stayed] employers even when addressed as workers ’ .

However the workers ties to the countryside remained strong due to the seasonal nature of factory work , the close of factories to the countryside and the legal and family ties of the workers to the peasant commune .
however the workers ties to the countryside [stayed] strong due to the seasonal nature of factory work , the close of factories to the countryside and the legal and family ties of the workers to the peasant commune .

This demonstrated the disturbed state of Russian industrial relations as the proletariat remained outside society — ; deprived of any stake in the existing order .
this demonstrated the disturbed state of russian industrial relations as the proletariat [stayed] outside society — ; deprived of any stake in the existing order .

The difference in the degree of lateralisation for each task when performed without and with shadowing was compared in order to see if there was a reduction in right field advantage for trigrams while dot location remained unaffected .
the difference in the degree of lateralisation for each task when performed without and with shadowing was compared in order to see if there was a reduction in right field advantage for trigrams while dot location [stayed] unaffected .

Her career was unusual in that she remained within the Customer Service Department throughout , becoming an expert in dealing with complaints .
her career was unusual in that she [stayed] within the customer service department throughout , becoming an expert in dealing with complaints .

Douglas Reyburn , while running at full capacity , has also remained flexible , dealing with special orders in addition to bulk trials of development work .
douglas reyburn , while running at full capacity , has also [stayed] flexible , dealing with special orders in addition to bulk trials of development work .

Ten years after the murder of Blair Peach , the experiences of women in Southall regarding policing and racial violence have remained disturbingly unchanged .
ten years after the murder of blair peach , the experiences of women in southall regarding policing and racial violence have [stayed] disturbingly unchanged .

For example it was highlighted that a disproportionate number of Black women remained in refuge accommodation for longer periods before they were rehoused .
for example it was highlighted that a disproportionate number of black women [stayed] in refuge accommodation for longer periods before they were rehoused .

From about 25 in the 1940s , the number of aircraft manufacturers in the non-communist world dwindled relentlessly until , by the mid-1980s , there remained only five companies capable of building a jet airliner — and the future for some of those looked dicey .
from about 25 in the 1940s , the number of aircraft manufacturers in the non-communist world dwindled relentlessly until , by the mid-1980s , there [stayed] only five companies capable of building a jet airliner — and the future for some of those looked dicey .

Interest charges remained virtually unchanged at £0.58m , and with shareholders ' funds at £18.48m ( 1990 — £18.25m ) and borrowings of £0.59m ( 1990 — £0.39m ) gearing was held at 3 % .
interest charges [stayed] virtually unchanged at £0.58m , and with shareholders ' funds at £18.48m ( 1990 — £18.25m ) and borrowings of £0.59m ( 1990 — £0.39m ) gearing was held at 3 % .

Despite signing this compromise Wells remained opposed to the Accord and suggested that he wanted an extension of the deadline in order to have time to hold a provincial referendum on the issue .
despite signing this compromise wells [stayed] opposed to the accord and suggested that he wanted an extension of the deadline in order to have time to hold a provincial referendum on the issue .

The position of the ultra-orthodox Agudat Yisrael party , allied with the Labour Party , remained unclear .
the position of the ultra-orthodox agudat yisrael party , allied with the labour party , [stayed] unclear .

Despite the reduction of inflation to 12.9 per cent ( compared with a 1989 target of 15 per cent ) and a growth rate in 1989 which was expected narrowly to exceed population growth , the economy 's structure remained largely unchanged , particularly in agriculture , with a prominent division between estates producing commodities for export , and a peasant sector where successful farmers were in a tiny minority .
despite the reduction of inflation to 12.9 per cent ( compared with a 1989 target of 15 per cent ) and a growth rate in 1989 which was expected narrowly to exceed population growth , the economy 's structure [stayed] largely unchanged , particularly in agriculture , with a prominent division between estates producing commodities for export , and a peasant sector where successful farmers were in a tiny minority .

With land , labour and substantial quantities of exportable water as its only resources , Lesotho 's economy remained heavily dependent on South Africa , and remittances from Basotho workers employed in South African mines continued to provide vital foreign exchange .
with land , labour and substantial quantities of exportable water as its only resources , lesotho 's economy [stayed] heavily dependent on south africa , and remittances from basotho workers employed in south african mines continued to provide vital foreign exchange .

Despite President Suharto 's discouragement of such speculation [ see p. 36933 ] , the possibility of his retirement and the identity of his successor following the 1993 presidential elections remained a major topic of discussion in the latter part of 1989 and in early 1990 .
despite president suharto 's discouragement of such speculation [ see p. 36933 ] , the possibility of his retirement and the identity of his successor following the 1993 presidential elections [stayed] a major topic of discussion in the latter part of 1989 and in early 1990 .

Five of the banks which had been expected to take part in the scheme , however , had on Dec. 20 , 1989 , announced that they would not be participating for commercial reasons , although the following day , John MacGregor , Secretary of State for Education and Science , had stated that the objectives , principles and framework of the scheme remained unchanged .
five of the banks which had been expected to take part in the scheme , however , had on dec. 20 , 1989 , announced that they would not be participating for commercial reasons , although the following day , john macgregor , secretary of state for education and science , had stated that the objectives , principles and framework of the scheme [stayed] unchanged .

Although minimum income tax threshold remained unchanged , the basic rate of personal income tax was reduced from 32 to 30 per cent and the top rate cut from 56 to 53 per cent ; the basic rate of corporation tax was reduced from 43 to 40 per cent .
although minimum income tax threshold [stayed] unchanged , the basic rate of personal income tax was reduced from 32 to 30 per cent and the top rate cut from 56 to 53 per cent ; the basic rate of corporation tax was reduced from 43 to 40 per cent .

Later in the month , however , agreements were reached which pre-emptied a crisis although discontent in the military remained and had been a factor in Enrico de Melo 's resignation as Defence Minister at the beginning of the year [ for which see p. 37197 ] .
later in the month , however , agreements were reached which pre-emptied a crisis although discontent in the military [stayed] and had been a factor in enrico de melo 's resignation as defence minister at the beginning of the year [ for which see p. 37197 ] .

Provisional figures for the first part of 1990 suggested a lack of progress in combating inflation , which remained over twice the European average .
provisional figures for the first part of 1990 suggested a lack of progress in combating inflation , which [stayed] over twice the european average .

The issue remained unresolved at annual Anglo-Spanish Foreign-Minister-level discussions in February 1989 in London which Bossano refused to attend .
the issue [stayed] unresolved at annual anglo-spanish foreign-minister-level discussions in february 1989 in london which bossano refused to attend .

Despite the imposition of a curfew , the Strip remained in a state of revolt throughout May 20 ; Rafah , the home of many of the murdered labourers , was especially tense .
despite the imposition of a curfew , the strip [stayed] in a state of revolt throughout may 20 ; rafah , the home of many of the murdered labourers , was especially tense .

Although regular units of the People 's Army began withdrawing from May 1 , many thousands of police and paramilitary units remained on duty within the region .
although regular units of the people 's army began withdrawing from may 1 , many thousands of police and paramilitary units [stayed] on duty within the region .

37360-61 ] remained rigidly in force .
37360-61 ] [stayed] rigidly in force .

Exports to Lithuania undertaken by private companies or on the initiative of Lithuanian emigré organizations were also likely to prove logistically impossible , since Lithuania 's borders and customs posts remained under Soviet administration .
exports to lithuania undertaken by private companies or on the initiative of lithuanian emigré organizations were also likely to prove logistically impossible , since lithuania 's borders and customs posts [stayed] under soviet administration .

The Soviet position on Germany 's security status remained ambivalent [ see pp .
the soviet position on germany 's security status [stayed] ambivalent [ see pp .

The Court ruled that legislation already passed by the Assembly remained valid , but that no new legislation could be approved after June 2 .
the court ruled that legislation already passed by the assembly [stayed] valid , but that no new legislation could be approved after june 2 .

Other export earners , such as coffee and timber , remained stagnant , while imports continued to rise .
other export earners , such as coffee and timber , [stayed] stagnant , while imports continued to rise .

Certain constitutional restrictions remained in force until March 22 , but the curfew had been lifted as of March 6 .
certain constitutional restrictions [stayed] in force until march 22 , but the curfew had been lifted as of march 6 .

Due to problems in vote counting , the final results were not confirmed until three weeks after the election , but there was no change in control , which remained in the hands of the same five-party coalition as the national government .
due to problems in vote counting , the final results were not confirmed until three weeks after the election , but there was no change in control , which [stayed] in the hands of the same five-party coalition as the national government .

Since exports were expanding from a much smaller base , however , the merchandise deficit continued to widen , but was more than offset by earnings from foreign exchange transactions in the banking system with the result that the overall balance of payments remained positive .
since exports were expanding from a much smaller base , however , the merchandise deficit continued to widen , but was more than offset by earnings from foreign exchange transactions in the banking system with the result that the overall balance of payments [stayed] positive .

The Soviet Union remained Yugoslavia 's biggest trading partner with goods worth $ 4,914 million exchanged in 1989 , on which the Soviet Union owed Yugoslavia about $ 1,700 million .
the soviet union [stayed] yugoslavia 's biggest trading partner with goods worth $ 4,914 million exchanged in 1989 , on which the soviet union owed yugoslavia about $ 1,700 million .

Evangelos Lagaras remained Chief of the Navy General Staff .
evangelos lagaras [stayed] chief of the navy general staff .

Following the 1967 coup he remained politically active and was arrested shortly afterwards [ see p. 22452 ] and again in 1973 in connection with an abortive naval mutiny [ see pp .
following the 1967 coup he [stayed] politically active and was arrested shortly afterwards [ see p. 22452 ] and again in 1973 in connection with an abortive naval mutiny [ see pp .

Reporters in Vilnius noted meanwhile that the Lithuanian population remained calm and apparently unperturbed by what were widely regarded as Soviet provocations : a pro-independence rally on April 7 organized by Sajudis drew a crowd of up to 300,000 people .
reporters in vilnius noted meanwhile that the lithuanian population [stayed] calm and apparently unperturbed by what were widely regarded as soviet provocations : a pro-independence rally on april 7 organized by sajudis drew a crowd of up to 300,000 people .

While major political reforms had been secured , discontent remained among young supporters of the democracy movement .
while major political reforms had been secured , discontent [stayed] among young supporters of the democracy movement .

Oldrich Bursky was also relieved of his post as Deputy Premier , but remained Minister of Agriculture and Food .
oldrich bursky was also relieved of his post as deputy premier , but [stayed] minister of agriculture and food .

The issue of Iraq 's military capability and long-term strategy remained to the fore during the rest of April with the emergence of British allegations that Baghdad was attempting to develop an enormous cannon , possibly with the intention of launching a satellite .
the issue of iraq 's military capability and long-term strategy [stayed] to the fore during the rest of april with the emergence of british allegations that baghdad was attempting to develop an enormous cannon , possibly with the intention of launching a satellite .

The Israeli political system remained in a state of deadlock throughout April following the collapse of the Likud-Labour coalition in mid-March [ see pp. 37303-04 ] , when the Labour leader Shimon Peres had been invited to try and achieve a majority in the 120-member , evenly balanced Knesset ( parliament ) .
the israeli political system [stayed] in a state of deadlock throughout april following the collapse of the likud-labour coalition in mid-march [ see pp. 37303-04 ] , when the labour leader shimon peres had been invited to try and achieve a majority in the 120-member , evenly balanced knesset ( parliament ) .

Although their release brought the number of political prisoners freed in the previous 16 months to 4,332 , another 2,000 remained in detention .
although their release brought the number of political prisoners freed in the previous 16 months to 4,332 , another 2,000 [stayed] in detention .

Support for MacDonald had remained strong among some of the 200,000 Navajo and violence broke out during a protest march on his behalf in Window Rock on July 22 ; two men died and nine were wounded when police opened fire .
support for macdonald had [stayed] strong among some of the 200,000 navajo and violence broke out during a protest march on his behalf in window rock on july 22 ; two men died and nine were wounded when police opened fire .

At separate news conferences after the meeting Wells and the Premiers of Manitoba and New Brunswick , Gary Filmon and Frank McKenna , each reiterated his belief that , without amendment , the Accord remained unacceptable .
at separate news conferences after the meeting wells and the premiers of manitoba and new brunswick , gary filmon and frank mckenna , each reiterated his belief that , without amendment , the accord [stayed] unacceptable .

This was opposed by new Chief of Staff Gen. Mikhail Moiseyev on Feb. 12 , 1989 , and later by his predecessor Marshal Sergei Akhromeyev , but remained under active discussion .
this was opposed by new chief of staff gen. mikhail moiseyev on feb. 12 , 1989 , and later by his predecessor marshal sergei akhromeyev , but [stayed] under active discussion .

Inflation worsened as wages increased rapidly but consumer goods remained in short supply .
inflation worsened as wages increased rapidly but consumer goods [stayed] in short supply .

Reputed to be a conservative and an advocate of a narrow interpretation of the Constitution , Souter 's recent appointment as an Appeals Court judge , together with a sparse record of published opinion , meant that his views on contentious contemporary issues remained largely unknown at the time of his nomination .
reputed to be a conservative and an advocate of a narrow interpretation of the constitution , souter 's recent appointment as an appeals court judge , together with a sparse record of published opinion , meant that his views on contentious contemporary issues [stayed] largely unknown at the time of his nomination .

At the end of the Supreme Court 's current session on June 30 , therefore , it remained unclear how far the Court was willing to undo Roe v. Wade .
at the end of the supreme court 's current session on june 30 , therefore , it [stayed] unclear how far the court was willing to undo roe v. wade .

Following the retirement from the Court of Brennan , the leading liberal , in early July [ see above ] , the anti-abortionist movement remained optimistic that Roe v. Wade would eventually be overturned .
following the retirement from the court of brennan , the leading liberal , in early july [ see above ] , the anti-abortionist movement [stayed] optimistic that roe v. wade would eventually be overturned .

The country 's armed forces remained loyal to the elected government , however , and a five-day stalemate developed .
the country 's armed forces [stayed] loyal to the elected government , however , and a five-day stalemate developed .

Aquino also stated that Marcos remained banned from the country on `` national interest and security grounds `` , despite her frequently stated desire to return so that she could bury her husband 's body in his native soil .
aquino also stated that marcos [stayed] banned from the country on `` national interest and security grounds `` , despite her frequently stated desire to return so that she could bury her husband 's body in his native soil .

The President of Fiji , Ratu Sir Penaia Ganilau , formally promulgated a new Constitution on July 25 , which was designed to ensure that political power remained in the hands of the country 's ethnic Melanesian population .
the president of fiji , ratu sir penaia ganilau , formally promulgated a new constitution on july 25 , which was designed to ensure that political power [stayed] in the hands of the country 's ethnic melanesian population .

In promulgating the new Constitution Ganilau expressed the hope that elections would be held in 1991 , although it remained unclear whether the opposition Labour Party would participate .
in promulgating the new constitution ganilau expressed the hope that elections would be held in 1991 , although it [stayed] unclear whether the opposition labour party would participate .

For the first time no government ministers were included , and only Gorbachev and Ivashko remained from the old politburo .
for the first time no government ministers were included , and only gorbachev and ivashko [stayed] from the old politburo .

The Soviet Union had broken diplomatic relations with Albania in 1961 in the wake of the Sino-Soviet dispute ; China and Albania remained friendly until 1978 .
the soviet union had broken diplomatic relations with albania in 1961 in the wake of the sino-soviet dispute ; china and albania [stayed] friendly until 1978 .

Although the stock exchange was closed for the day as a result of the explosion , trading was largely uninterrupted since the central computer system remained undamaged .
although the stock exchange was closed for the day as a result of the explosion , trading was largely uninterrupted since the central computer system [stayed] undamaged .

Baku , meanwhile , remained without special security measures or curfew restrictions , and gangs of looters were said to be attacking abandoned Armenian homes largely unchallenged by the sole detachment of 1,000 Interior Ministry troops who had arrived from Moscow on Jan. 14 .
baku , meanwhile , [stayed] without special security measures or curfew restrictions , and gangs of looters were said to be attacking abandoned armenian homes largely unchallenged by the sole detachment of 1,000 interior ministry troops who had arrived from moscow on jan. 14 .

United Left was reported on Jan. 7 to have left the alliance although it remained open towards it .
united left was reported on jan. 7 to have left the alliance although it [stayed] open towards it .

The curfew was relaxed on Dec. 4 by five hours ( and fully lifted on Feb. 1 ) , but the state of siege remained in force .
the curfew was relaxed on dec. 4 by five hours ( and fully lifted on feb. 1 ) , but the state of siege [stayed] in force .

The opposition to Ershad remained fragmented and divided during 1989 , in spite of appeals by some opposition figures for a united front against him .
the opposition to ershad [stayed] fragmented and divided during 1989 , in spite of appeals by some opposition figures for a united front against him .

The civilian population in Kuwait appeared to be stunned by the invasion , and although some immediately tried to escape into Saudi Arabia most simply remained in their homes .
the civilian population in kuwait appeared to be stunned by the invasion , and although some immediately tried to escape into saudi arabia most simply [stayed] in their homes .

Although the Bloc Québecois victory was hailed as proof of the level of support for `` sovereignty `` within the province , the group 's definition of the term remained somewhat imprecise .
although the bloc québecois victory was hailed as proof of the level of support for `` sovereignty `` within the province , the group 's definition of the term [stayed] somewhat imprecise .

Gustavo de Jesús Gaviria Rivero , 43 , the effective head of the Medellín drug cartel while its leader ( and his cousin ) Pablo Escobar Gaviria remained in hiding to escape an intensive government manhunt , was shot dead by the security forces in a gun battle in Medellín on Aug. 11 .
gustavo de jesús gaviria rivero , 43 , the effective head of the medellín drug cartel while its leader ( and his cousin ) pablo escobar gaviria [stayed] in hiding to escape an intensive government manhunt , was shot dead by the security forces in a gun battle in medellín on aug. 11 .

By Aug. 29 Bhutto 's opponents had reportedly agreed to forge a common front but remained divided into factions led respectively by Jatoi , Nawaz Sharif ( Chief Minister of Punjab province until dissolution ) , Mohammad Khan Junejo ( Prime Minister in 1985-88 under Gen. Mohammad Zia ul-Haq ) and by Zia 's son Ejaz ul-Haq .
by aug. 29 bhutto 's opponents had reportedly agreed to forge a common front but [stayed] divided into factions led respectively by jatoi , nawaz sharif ( chief minister of punjab province until dissolution ) , mohammad khan junejo ( prime minister in 1985-88 under gen. mohammad zia ul-haq ) and by zia 's son ejaz ul-haq .

It stated that Karelia 's constitution and laws took precedence over those of the Russian Federation and the Soviet Union , but that some of Karelia 's state powers were voluntarily delegated to Russia , of which it remained part .
it stated that karelia 's constitution and laws took precedence over those of the russian federation and the soviet union , but that some of karelia 's state powers were voluntarily delegated to russia , of which it [stayed] part .

In a statement Prosecutor-General Gheorghe Robu said there was no longer any reason to believe that Munteanu 's release from `` preventive detention `` would endanger public order , although Munteanu remained under investigation pending possible charges .
in a statement prosecutor-general gheorghe robu said there was no longer any reason to believe that munteanu 's release from `` preventive detention `` would endanger public order , although munteanu [stayed] under investigation pending possible charges .

Voting was reported to be brisk , with a 100 per cent turnout in the Knin district , although there was criticism that many voters remained unclear about what kind of autonomy they were being asked to vote for .
voting was reported to be brisk , with a 100 per cent turnout in the knin district , although there was criticism that many voters [stayed] unclear about what kind of autonomy they were being asked to vote for .

Regarding Afghanistan ( on which there had been speculation that an agreement on a ceasefire was imminent , in view of recent political developments in the country and an unexpected visit by President Najibullah to Moscow in the week preceding the Irkutsk talks ) , both sides agreed on the need for elections , but remained at odds over the transition process .
regarding afghanistan ( on which there had been speculation that an agreement on a ceasefire was imminent , in view of recent political developments in the country and an unexpected visit by president najibullah to moscow in the week preceding the irkutsk talks ) , both sides agreed on the need for elections , but [stayed] at odds over the transition process .

Trade with China , although extensive , remained `` indirect `` because of the sensitivities of the political relationship .
trade with china , although extensive , [stayed] `` indirect `` because of the sensitivities of the political relationship .

The basic tax structure remained unchanged , but with a taxation cut of 0.5 percentage point , bringing personal tax down to 15 per cent and corporate profits tax to 16.5 per cent , while duties were raised by 30 per cent on petrol and diesel , by 10 per cent on alcohol , and by 25 per cent on tobacco , and there were increases in car and betting taxes .
the basic tax structure [stayed] unchanged , but with a taxation cut of 0.5 percentage point , bringing personal tax down to 15 per cent and corporate profits tax to 16.5 per cent , while duties were raised by 30 per cent on petrol and diesel , by 10 per cent on alcohol , and by 25 per cent on tobacco , and there were increases in car and betting taxes .

On April 29 , 1990 , after two days and two nights of filibustering by Communists , Rocard forced through a guillotine measure , transforming the Renault motor company from a régie ( which worked for the `` exclusive interest of the nation `` , was not subject to the same financial controls as ordinary companies , did not until 1970 have any share capital , was able to implement more progressive wage and labour policies , and remained ultimately under Ministry of Industry control ) into an ordinary public limited company .
on april 29 , 1990 , after two days and two nights of filibustering by communists , rocard forced through a guillotine measure , transforming the renault motor company from a régie ( which worked for the `` exclusive interest of the nation `` , was not subject to the same financial controls as ordinary companies , did not until 1970 have any share capital , was able to implement more progressive wage and labour policies , and [stayed] ultimately under ministry of industry control ) into an ordinary public limited company .

The change of legal status , in which the state remained the controlling shareholder with 75 per cent of capital , meant that Renault could implement a share-swap alliance concluded in February 1990 with the Swedish vehicle manufacturer Volvo [ see also p. 37161 ] .
the change of legal status , in which the state [stayed] the controlling shareholder with 75 per cent of capital , meant that renault could implement a share-swap alliance concluded in february 1990 with the swedish vehicle manufacturer volvo [ see also p. 37161 ] .

The Foreign Ministry announced on Sept. 18 that it was downgrading diplomatic relations with Israel , which was refusing to appoint an ambassador while Waldheim remained President .
the foreign ministry announced on sept. 18 that it was downgrading diplomatic relations with israel , which was refusing to appoint an ambassador while waldheim [stayed] president .

Whilst each side recognized the growing demand of the Korean people for reunification , the means through which this was to be achieved remained elusive .
whilst each side recognized the growing demand of the korean people for reunification , the means through which this was to be achieved [stayed] elusive .

Although the differences between the two sides remained too great for there to be any substantial agreement upon the outlined proposals , the Prime Ministers agreed to proceed with the second round of scheduled discussions in Pyongyang ( North Korea ) on Oct. 16-19 .
although the differences between the two sides [stayed] too great for there to be any substantial agreement upon the outlined proposals , the prime ministers agreed to proceed with the second round of scheduled discussions in pyongyang ( north korea ) on oct. 16-19 .

David Nimley , remained defending the heavily fortified executive mansion .
david nimley , [stayed] defending the heavily fortified executive mansion .

The only encouraging news for the government contained within the opinion polls was that a sizable proportion of the electorate — up to 50 per cent in some key marginal constituencies — remained undecided on how they would vote .
the only encouraging news for the government contained within the opinion polls was that a sizable proportion of the electorate — up to 50 per cent in some key marginal constituencies — [stayed] undecided on how they would vote .

While Soviet forces remained in Germany , forces from the other three wartime allies would remain in Berlin `` at German request `` . ``
while soviet forces [stayed] in germany , forces from the other three wartime allies would remain in berlin `` at german request `` . ``

Three further bilateral treaties were also initialled : ( i ) a 20-year agreement on economic , industrial and technical co-operation ; ( ii ) a treaty regulating the West German contribution to the payment for Soviet troops in Germany and their withdrawal [ see above ] ; and ( iii ) a treaty regulating the position of the 370,000 Soviet troops while they remained in East Germany and the timing of their withdrawal .
three further bilateral treaties were also initialled : ( i ) a 20-year agreement on economic , industrial and technical co-operation ; ( ii ) a treaty regulating the west german contribution to the payment for soviet troops in germany and their withdrawal [ see above ] ; and ( iii ) a treaty regulating the position of the 370,000 soviet troops while they [stayed] in east germany and the timing of their withdrawal .

Despite an agreement reached in late August that files of the East German State Security police ( " Stasi " ) would remain in East Germany after unification [ see p. 37661 ] , the question in particular of MPs ' and ministers ' alleged Stasi involvement remained a major issue .
despite an agreement reached in late august that files of the east german state security police ( " stasi " ) would remain in east germany after unification [ see p. 37661 ] , the question in particular of mps ' and ministers ' alleged stasi involvement [stayed] a major issue .

There had been no improvement in productivity , retail prices went up by 1.5 per cent ( although the real level of inflation was widely thought to be at least double that ) , and wages remained static in real terms .
there had been no improvement in productivity , retail prices went up by 1.5 per cent ( although the real level of inflation was widely thought to be at least double that ) , and wages [stayed] static in real terms .

On April 24 , 1990 , the government legalized the Eastern Rite Catholic Church , although the return of church buildings taken over by the Orthodox Church remained difficult to resolve because of uncertainties over the current number of Uniates .
on april 24 , 1990 , the government legalized the eastern rite catholic church , although the return of church buildings taken over by the orthodox church [stayed] difficult to resolve because of uncertainties over the current number of uniates .

While relations with Albania 's immediate neighbours , Yugoslavia and Greece , remained strained , senior government officials paid visits to other countries including Bulgaria , Turkey and Egypt , the most important of these being that of the Prime Minster , Adil Carcani , to Turkey on June 25-27 , 1990 .
while relations with albania 's immediate neighbours , yugoslavia and greece , [stayed] strained , senior government officials paid visits to other countries including bulgaria , turkey and egypt , the most important of these being that of the prime minster , adil carcani , to turkey on june 25-27 , 1990 .

The Golan Heights had been captured by Israel from Syria in 1967 and remained one of the main areas of contention between the two countries .
the golan heights had been captured by israel from syria in 1967 and [stayed] one of the main areas of contention between the two countries .

Rochus Lokinap , remained loyal to the government .
rochus lokinap , [stayed] loyal to the government .

This , together with the closeness of the result ( which meant that the distribution of preference and postal votes was particularly significant ) , ensured that the final outcome of the election remained in doubt for several days after polling , during which time Hawke continued as Prime Minister in a caretaker capacity .
this , together with the closeness of the result ( which meant that the distribution of preference and postal votes was particularly significant ) , ensured that the final outcome of the election [stayed] in doubt for several days after polling , during which time hawke continued as prime minister in a caretaker capacity .

Strikes remained proscribed in the armed forces , police , postal services , power industry and medical services .
strikes [stayed] proscribed in the armed forces , police , postal services , power industry and medical services .

The main tax rates remained unchanged , while most tax allowances and excise duties were increased in line with inflation ( 7.7 per cent over the 12 months to December 1989 ) , although some duties went up by 10 per cent .
the main tax rates [stayed] unchanged , while most tax allowances and excise duties were increased in line with inflation ( 7.7 per cent over the 12 months to december 1989 ) , although some duties went up by 10 per cent .

West Germany was to be entrusted with storing PCBs which remained in pieces of equipment until final disposal .
west germany was to be entrusted with storing pcbs which [stayed] in pieces of equipment until final disposal .

The arrests were part of a new drive against members of the underground Catholic Church who remained loyal to the Pope and who refused to join the officially sanctioned Patriotic Catholic Association .
the arrests were part of a new drive against members of the underground catholic church who [stayed] loyal to the pope and who refused to join the officially sanctioned patriotic catholic association .

As of early April 1990 , the post of Governor of Assam remained vacant .
as of early april 1990 , the post of governor of assam [stayed] vacant .

The central government remained opposed to the concept of a Jharkhand state , but conceded that greater autonomy and support for tribal languages could be granted .
the central government [stayed] opposed to the concept of a jharkhand state , but conceded that greater autonomy and support for tribal languages could be granted .

Exports remained weak as a whole , however , comprising only about 6 per cent of production .
exports [stayed] weak as a whole , however , comprising only about 6 per cent of production .

Foreign investment in India remained at a low level during the 1980s when compared with similar international investment elsewhere in south and south-east Asia , despite the introduction of liberalization measures in 1985-86 which had boosted industrial investment and output .
foreign investment in india [stayed] at a low level during the 1980s when compared with similar international investment elsewhere in south and south-east asia , despite the introduction of liberalization measures in 1985-86 which had boosted industrial investment and output .

Although the government continued to say that appropriate foreign investment would be welcomed , the 40 per cent ceiling on equity participation by foreign companies in Indian companies , which the Gandhi government had proposed to raise to 51 per cent , remained .
although the government continued to say that appropriate foreign investment would be welcomed , the 40 per cent ceiling on equity participation by foreign companies in indian companies , which the gandhi government had proposed to raise to 51 per cent , [stayed] .

The government 's Janasaviya programme [ see p. 37008 ] remained effectively suspended .
the government 's janasaviya programme [ see p. 37008 ] [stayed] effectively suspended .

Likewise the main provisions of the Internal Security Act remained unchanged .
likewise the main provisions of the internal security act [stayed] unchanged .

Meanwhile , Dushanbe remained tense as residents observed three days of officially sanctioned national mourning , ending on Feb. 17 , for those killed during the rioting .
meanwhile , dushanbe [stayed] tense as residents observed three days of officially sanctioned national mourning , ending on feb. 17 , for those killed during the rioting .

Although the state of emergency remained in force , elections to the Tadjik Supreme Soviet went ahead on Feb. 25 as scheduled .
although the state of emergency [stayed] in force , elections to the tadjik supreme soviet went ahead on feb. 25 as scheduled .

However , the agreements broke down almost immediately , the Armenian side on Feb. 4 declaring them null and void and suspending its participation in further talks in protest at what it described as attempts at `` forced deportation `` of Armenians from villages in Azerbaijan 's Khanlar region on the pretext that their security remained under threat .
however , the agreements broke down almost immediately , the armenian side on feb. 4 declaring them null and void and suspending its participation in further talks in protest at what it described as attempts at `` forced deportation `` of armenians from villages in azerbaijan 's khanlar region on the pretext that their security [stayed] under threat .

The situation in the Azerbaijan capital , Baku , remained generally quiet , however , and there was a return to work at the majority of enterprises closed since January 's general strike .
the situation in the azerbaijan capital , baku , [stayed] generally quiet , however , and there was a return to work at the majority of enterprises closed since january 's general strike .

Throughout the dispute , unpaid ambulance staff suspended for their action remained at their posts in order to provide emergency cover .
throughout the dispute , unpaid ambulance staff suspended for their action [stayed] at their posts in order to provide emergency cover .

The yen remained relatively weak throughout the year , at one point in December dipping to $ 1.00=143 yen .
the yen [stayed] relatively weak throughout the year , at one point in december dipping to $ 1.00=143 yen .

The recently reopened channels of communication between North and South Korea ( Red Cross talks , sports talks , preliminary negotiations for holding high-level political and military talks and joint legislative talks ) remained active in late 1989 but failed to achieve any significant progress .
the recently reopened channels of communication between north and south korea ( red cross talks , sports talks , preliminary negotiations for holding high-level political and military talks and joint legislative talks ) [stayed] active in late 1989 but failed to achieve any significant progress .

The team heads remained in telephone contact , but hopes of agreement had faded by the end of January 1990 when the North called off all dialogue until the annual Team Spirit military exercises were concluded .
the team heads [stayed] in telephone contact , but hopes of agreement had faded by the end of january 1990 when the north called off all dialogue until the annual team spirit military exercises were concluded .

While North Korea found itself increasingly isolated by the momentous changes which occurred in Eastern Europe in 1989 , its relationship with China remained close [ for unofficial visit to Beijing by Kim Il Sung , politburo member Ho Dam and Foreign Minister Kim Yong Nam in November 1989 see p. 37041 ] .
while north korea found itself increasingly isolated by the momentous changes which occurred in eastern europe in 1989 , its relationship with china [stayed] close [ for unofficial visit to beijing by kim il sung , politburo member ho dam and foreign minister kim yong nam in november 1989 see p. 37041 ] .

However , the head-of-family system and the ban on marriage between people of the same surname remained unchanged .
however , the head-of-family system and the ban on marriage between people of the same surname [stayed] unchanged .

It stated that `` six to 10 aircraft remained there temporarily `` .
it stated that `` six to 10 aircraft [stayed] there temporarily `` .

The economy remained on a war footing during 1989 with between 30 and 40 per cent of the budget being spent on defence .
the economy [stayed] on a war footing during 1989 with between 30 and 40 per cent of the budget being spent on defence .

Whilst the Anglicans campaigned against popery , the Dissenters remained largely quiet , much to the disgust of the exiled Nonconformist divine , Robert Ferguson .
whilst the anglicans campaigned against popery , the dissenters [stayed] largely quiet , much to the disgust of the exiled nonconformist divine , robert ferguson .

In contrast , most Whigs and Nonconformists ( who had remained in England ) either kept quiet or actively collaborated with James .
in contrast , most whigs and nonconformists ( who had [stayed] in england ) either kept quiet or actively collaborated with james .

The monarch remained the chief executive in the state : he alone continued to determine all matters of policy ( foreign and domestic ) ; he had the right to choose his own ministers ; he retained the right to veto legislation ; and he was left with the power to determine the summoning , proroguing and dissolution of Parliament .
the monarch [stayed] the chief executive in the state : he alone continued to determine all matters of policy ( foreign and domestic ) ; he had the right to choose his own ministers ; he retained the right to veto legislation ; and he was left with the power to determine the summoning , proroguing and dissolution of parliament .

The scheme proposed by the Earl of Nottingham was to broaden the basis of the national Church by comprehending the more moderate Dissenters , whilst conceding a very limited toleration to those who remained outside .
the scheme proposed by the earl of nottingham was to broaden the basis of the national church by comprehending the more moderate dissenters , whilst conceding a very limited toleration to those who [stayed] outside .

In contrast , the Whigs were the `` Low Church `` party , as they now came to be called : they continued to be critical of High Anglican religious intolerance , and in general remained consistent to their beliefs in liberty of conscience and religious toleration for all Protestants .
in contrast , the whigs were the `` low church `` party , as they now came to be called : they continued to be critical of high anglican religious intolerance , and in general [stayed] consistent to their beliefs in liberty of conscience and religious toleration for all protestants .

However , it must be stressed that the High Anglicans reserved their contempt for the Whig bishops ; they recognised that there were some sound bishops ( though not as many as they would like ) , and they remained committed to the defence of the institution of episcopacy .
however , it must be stressed that the high anglicans reserved their contempt for the whig bishops ; they recognised that there were some sound bishops ( though not as many as they would like ) , and they [stayed] committed to the defence of the institution of episcopacy .

The bulk of the electorate also remained loyal to the same party in successive elections .
the bulk of the electorate also [stayed] loyal to the same party in successive elections .

Patronage tended to be more important , however , in boroughs with smaller electorates : Lord Brooke dominated Warwick 's 400 voters , the Whig Earl of Carlisle dominated Morperth 's electorate of 120 , whilst there were a number of proprietary boroughs with electorates of fewer than 100 where both seats remained safe for a particular party .
patronage tended to be more important , however , in boroughs with smaller electorates : lord brooke dominated warwick 's 400 voters , the whig earl of carlisle dominated morperth 's electorate of 120 , whilst there were a number of proprietary boroughs with electorates of fewer than 100 where both seats [stayed] safe for a particular party .

Lower-class support for the Whigs did not evaporate completely during Anne 's reign , even in London , and in particular there were many poor Nonconformists who remained loyal to the party of Low Church and Dissent .
lower-class support for the whigs did not evaporate completely during anne 's reign , even in london , and in particular there were many poor nonconformists who [stayed] loyal to the party of low church and dissent .

Tories remained fiercely critical of Whig arguments about popular sovereignty , and tended to argue that the people would be better off if they accepted their place in society and allowed the Tory elite to attend to their welfare .
tories [stayed] fiercely critical of whig arguments about popular sovereignty , and tended to argue that the people would be better off if they accepted their place in society and allowed the tory elite to attend to their welfare .

The issue is further complicated by the fact that many people remained inconsistent in their Jacobitism .
the issue is further complicated by the fact that many people [stayed] inconsistent in their jacobitism .

Many English Catholics remained deeply committed to the Stuart dynasty , for obvious reasons , although they were only a tiny minority of the population .
many english catholics [stayed] deeply committed to the stuart dynasty , for obvious reasons , although they were only a tiny minority of the population .

All this should remind us that it would be unwise to read the Jacobite unrest of 1714 – 17 as being a typical reflection of public opinion ; the public were divided , and a significant number remained pro-Whig and pro-Hanoverian .
all this should remind us that it would be unwise to read the jacobite unrest of 1714 – 17 as being a typical reflection of public opinion ; the public were divided , and a significant number [stayed] pro-whig and pro-hanoverian .

The lowland south remained predominantly pro-Hanoverian , but even here Jacobite sentiment was in evidence .
the lowland south [stayed] predominantly pro-hanoverian , but even here jacobite sentiment was in evidence .

Nevertheless such changes can be seen as consistent outgrowths of earlier party positions ; the Whigs and Tories of Anne 's reign remained the recognisable heirs of their namesakes of the Exclusion Crisis .
nevertheless such changes can be seen as consistent outgrowths of earlier party positions ; the whigs and tories of anne 's reign [stayed] the recognisable heirs of their namesakes of the exclusion crisis .

The Occasional Conformity and Schism Acts , it is true , were repealed in 1719 ( although there was some division in the party over this ) , but the sacramental test for office-holders remained , and the new Whig leadership developed a strong alliance with the Church establishment , which they ensured would be dominated by Whig clergy .
the occasional conformity and schism acts , it is true , were repealed in 1719 ( although there was some division in the party over this ) , but the sacramental test for office-holders [stayed] , and the new whig leadership developed a strong alliance with the church establishment , which they ensured would be dominated by whig clergy .

Although GEMMs in the aggregate made substantial losses during the years 1987 – 89 , the market as a whole became profitable in 1990 and remained so in 1991 .
although gemms in the aggregate made substantial losses during the years 1987 – 89 , the market as a whole became profitable in 1990 and [stayed] so in 1991 .

But many remained sceptical of American reliability as an ally once the Axis had been defeated .
but many [stayed] sceptical of american reliability as an ally once the axis had been defeated .

Franks devised the ingenious formula that the use of the air bases in an emergency naturally remained `` a matter for joint decision in the light of the circumstances at the time `` .
franks devised the ingenious formula that the use of the air bases in an emergency naturally [stayed] `` a matter for joint decision in the light of the circumstances at the time `` .

The British , however , remained suspicious of American motives , and resentful of their advice .
the british , however , [stayed] suspicious of american motives , and resentful of their advice .

Meanwhile the British remained under siege in their base at Suez .
meanwhile the british [stayed] under siege in their base at suez .

In general , however , the British remained more conscious of American criticism than support in the Middle East .
in general , however , the british [stayed] more conscious of american criticism than support in the middle east .

Anglo-American economic relations remained ambiguous .
anglo-american economic relations [stayed] ambiguous .

Britain 's conventional forces in Germany thus remained of prime importance .
britain 's conventional forces in germany thus [stayed] of prime importance .

Successsive governments remained persuaded that an independent deterrent provided much more influence and security than could be obtained by spending the same money on extra conventional forces .
successsive governments [stayed] persuaded that an independent deterrent provided much more influence and security than could be obtained by spending the same money on extra conventional forces .

The Berlin question remained in a state of suspense until after the American presidential election of 1960 .
the berlin question [stayed] in a state of suspense until after the american presidential election of 1960 .

West German attention remained centred on the affairs of Central Europe — nor had the Germans either completely liberated themselves from or lived down their own past .
west german attention [stayed] centred on the affairs of central europe — nor had the germans either completely liberated themselves from or lived down their own past .

On the other hand in the early and mid-1960s the Americans remained determined to push ahead with the newly formulated strategy of flexible response .
on the other hand in the early and mid-1960s the americans [stayed] determined to push ahead with the newly formulated strategy of flexible response .

Nevertheless , the Gibichung family remained attached to the idea of the Roman Empire .
nevertheless , the gibichung family [stayed] attached to the idea of the roman empire .

Thereafter , under the leadership of military leaders , duces , they remained undefeated .
thereafter , under the leadership of military leaders , duces , they [stayed] undefeated .

This remained the principal activity in the London money market for over a hundred years , until a wave of innovation hit the market in the late 1960s .
this [stayed] the principal activity in the london money market for over a hundred years , until a wave of innovation hit the market in the late 1960s .

However , Bank Rate remained as the `` last resort `` rate for lending to the discount houses and , furthermore , continued to have a high political profile .
however , bank rate [stayed] as the `` last resort `` rate for lending to the discount houses and , furthermore , continued to have a high political profile .

Romanians and Yugoslavs , however , remained problematical .
romanians and yugoslavs , however , [stayed] problematical .

The imperial frontier had moved to the south , but pockets of unconquered territory remained in the rear .
the imperial frontier had moved to the south , but pockets of unconquered territory [stayed] in the rear .

Recent scholars have pointed out that `` When Nicholas died in February 1855 , the Caucasus remained unconquered `` and that Vorontsov 's `` undertakings were often limited and not as successful as he hoped `` .
recent scholars have pointed out that `` when nicholas died in february 1855 , the caucasus [stayed] unconquered `` and that vorontsov 's `` undertakings were often limited and not as successful as he hoped `` .

The region remained peaceful during the Crimean War , however , and Shamil 's twenty-five-year career was brought to an end in 1859 ( five years after Vorontsov retired ) .
the region [stayed] peaceful during the crimean war , however , and shamil 's twenty-five-year career was brought to an end in 1859 ( five years after vorontsov retired ) .

The Committee of 2 April 1848 remained in being until 1855 and became one of the most striking embodiments of the tsar 's descent into obscurantism .
the committee of 2 april 1848 [stayed] in being until 1855 and became one of the most striking embodiments of the tsar 's descent into obscurantism .

Uvarov then attacked the Moscow University History Society because Stroganov remained its chairman .
uvarov then attacked the moscow university history society because stroganov [stayed] its chairman .

Nesselrode , his foreign minister , remained pacific to the end .
nesselrode , his foreign minister , [stayed] pacific to the end .

Even after Britain and France declared war on Russia in March 1854 ( more than five months after the Turks had done so ) , the inclination to find a diplomatic solution to the crisis remained strong on the part of all interested parties other than the Turks and the French .
even after britain and france declared war on russia in march 1854 ( more than five months after the turks had done so ) , the inclination to find a diplomatic solution to the crisis [stayed] strong on the part of all interested parties other than the turks and the french .

The tsar remained hopeful .
the tsar [stayed] hopeful .

For a number of years after he ascended the throne he remained highly deferential to gentry concerns .
for a number of years after he ascended the throne he [stayed] highly deferential to gentry concerns .

The peasants ' chances of acquiring personal freedom were very much alive , but their chances of acquiring land remained small .
the peasants ' chances of acquiring personal freedom were very much alive , but their chances of acquiring land [stayed] small .

En route to taking the waters in western Europe , the tsar met General Nazimov at Vil'na and learned that the gentry of the north-western provinces remained keen on freeing their serfs .
en route to taking the waters in western europe , the tsar met general nazimov at vil'na and learned that the gentry of the north-western provinces [stayed] keen on freeing their serfs .

The tsar had been enthusiastic about change so long as he remained in the orbit of Elena Pavlovna , but in St Petersburg his convictions or his courage deserted him .
the tsar had been enthusiastic about change so long as he [stayed] in the orbit of elena pavlovna , but in st petersburg his convictions or his courage deserted him .

The non-achievement of the Russian authorities remained the keynote of Herzen 's journalism .
the non-achievement of the russian authorities [stayed] the keynote of herzen 's journalism .

The press , however , remained lively .
the press , however , [stayed] lively .

So long as the possibility remained that nothing would happen they felt no compulsion to educate themselves .
so long as the possibility [stayed] that nothing would happen they felt no compulsion to educate themselves .

Though the tsar remained principally interested in solving the riddle of the western provinces , he allowed his minister to broaden the debate .
though the tsar [stayed] principally interested in solving the riddle of the western provinces , he allowed his minister to broaden the debate .

The most essential function of the diplomat resident for a substantial period of time in some foreign capital remained what it had always been : the collecting and sending home of information .
the most essential function of the diplomat resident for a substantial period of time in some foreign capital [stayed] what it had always been : the collecting and sending home of information .

Much of this writing , however , remained essentially the same as in earlier generations — inevitably so , since most of the characteristics of a successful diplomat have not changed over centuries .
much of this writing , however , [stayed] essentially the same as in earlier generations — inevitably so , since most of the characteristics of a successful diplomat have not changed over centuries .

But ceremonial and precedence none the less remained until well into the eighteenth century a factor of importance in international relations .
but ceremonial and precedence none the less [stayed] until well into the eighteenth century a factor of importance in international relations .

But Turkish missions to any part of Europe remained rare and exotic visitors .
but turkish missions to any part of europe [stayed] rare and exotic visitors .

The details of its internal structure varied somewhat from time to time , but the main lines remained fairly stable .
the details of its internal structure varied somewhat from time to time , but the main lines [stayed] fairly stable .

But it remained true , as a very experienced commentator pointed out , that `` any man filled with an excessive desire of fortune or riches should abandon the calling of negotiator `` , while the most successful English diplomat of the eighteenth century claimed that after fourteen years in several highly important posts he found himself £20,000 worse off .
but it [stayed] true , as a very experienced commentator pointed out , that `` any man filled with an excessive desire of fortune or riches should abandon the calling of negotiator `` , while the most successful english diplomat of the eighteenth century claimed that after fourteen years in several highly important posts he found himself £20,000 worse off .

In the Near East Italian remained until as late as 1820 or so the most important diplomatic language , though there interpreters and translators were indispensable as nowhere else .
in the near east italian [stayed] until as late as 1820 or so the most important diplomatic language , though there interpreters and translators were indispensable as nowhere else .

That nineteenth-century diplomatic services should have remained small and unambitious , confined until late in the century to traditional functions and with no desire to expand their horizons or the scope of their activities , is not surprising .
that nineteenth-century diplomatic services should have [stayed] small and unambitious , confined until late in the century to traditional functions and with no desire to expand their horizons or the scope of their activities , is not surprising .

But the country remained for long a backwater in international relations .
but the country [stayed] for long a backwater in international relations .

Western trade and investment there were rapidly growing ; but the duties of western diplomats in Pekin remained essentially those of fostering these economic interests and seeing that no imperial power stole a march on its rivals in this respect .
western trade and investment there were rapidly growing ; but the duties of western diplomats in pekin [stayed] essentially those of fostering these economic interests and seeing that no imperial power stole a march on its rivals in this respect .

The Italian foreign ministry and diplomatic service remained among the most overstaffed and inefficient in Europe .
the italian foreign ministry and diplomatic service [stayed] among the most overstaffed and inefficient in europe .

Diplomacy remained throughout this period , especially in the major states , an aristocratic pursuit .
diplomacy [stayed] throughout this period , especially in the major states , an aristocratic pursuit .

This attitude remained strong in Germany , where the entrance examination was formally quite strict ; and in Russia it was even stronger .
this attitude [stayed] strong in germany , where the entrance examination was formally quite strict ; and in russia it was even stronger .

Most important of all , diplomacy remained an expensive and , except in the highest ranks , underpaid profession , one which only the well-to-do could hope to enter .
most important of all , diplomacy [stayed] an expensive and , except in the highest ranks , underpaid profession , one which only the well-to-do could hope to enter .

But it remained a paper exercise .
but it [stayed] a paper exercise .

Efforts to train diplomats remained as unsuccessful , the real value of such training as open to question , as a hundred years earlier .
efforts to train diplomats [stayed] as unsuccessful , the real value of such training as open to question , as a hundred years earlier .

But in every major state consular and diplomatic services remained separate entities .
but in every major state consular and diplomatic services [stayed] separate entities .

Everywhere interchange between the consular and diplomatic services , though possible , remained relatively rare ( though , interestingly , probably less so in Russia than in any other of the great states ) .
everywhere interchange between the consular and diplomatic services , though possible , [stayed] relatively rare ( though , interestingly , probably less so in russia than in any other of the great states ) .

In pre-1914 Europe , therefore , almost as much as at any time in the past , the making and , to a lesser extent , the conduct of foreign policy by the great states remained in the hands of a small , sometimes very small , number of individuals who were effectively uncontrolled by the peoples for whom they acted .
in pre-1914 europe , therefore , almost as much as at any time in the past , the making and , to a lesser extent , the conduct of foreign policy by the great states [stayed] in the hands of a small , sometimes very small , number of individuals who were effectively uncontrolled by the peoples for whom they acted .

This called for confession as a yearly obligation for all Christians and officially sanctioned the growing practice of private , as opposed to public , penance , although the social dimension of the sacrament as a healer of social division remained .
this called for confession as a yearly obligation for all christians and officially sanctioned the growing practice of private , as opposed to public , penance , although the social dimension of the sacrament as a healer of social division [stayed] .

These offices were used by secular clergy and were particularly appropriate for lay use since they remained constant throughout the liturgical year and were not subject to the complex variations of the main office .
these offices were used by secular clergy and were particularly appropriate for lay use since they [stayed] constant throughout the liturgical year and were not subject to the complex variations of the main office .

Among untravelled Europeans fantasy remained dominant for more than a century .
among untravelled europeans fantasy [stayed] dominant for more than a century .

During the seventeenth century and for long afterwards philosopher-humanists of Montaigne 's colour remained a small minority ; Shakespeare 's Caliban , beast rather than human being , was the common man s stereotype of the newly discovered savages of Africa , America and the South Seas .
during the seventeenth century and for long afterwards philosopher-humanists of montaigne 's colour [stayed] a small minority ; shakespeare 's caliban , beast rather than human being , was the common man s stereotype of the newly discovered savages of africa , america and the south seas .

Even when the discriminations of the zoologists began to be based on systematic classification rather than fantasy the criteria that were used to distinguish man from non-man remained very uncertain .
even when the discriminations of the zoologists began to be based on systematic classification rather than fantasy the criteria that were used to distinguish man from non-man [stayed] very uncertain .

If at the end of the eight week period since completion , debts remained unpaid , the vendor should have the right to buy back [ at an agreed discount ] the debts which it may then seek to enforce ( as vigorously as it wishes ) in order to seek payment .
if at the end of the eight week period since completion , debts [stayed] unpaid , the vendor should have the right to buy back [ at an agreed discount ] the debts which it may then seek to enforce ( as vigorously as it wishes ) in order to seek payment .

Now only one problem remained to be dealt with .
now only one problem [stayed] to be dealt with .

The pack was released each night after ten o'clock curfew , after which time anyone who disobeyed orders and remained outside the safety of the house , did so at their own peril .
the pack was released each night after ten o'clock curfew , after which time anyone who disobeyed orders and [stayed] outside the safety of the house , did so at their own peril .

Grant , satisfied that the wide expanse of lawn between them and the dark treeline remained comfortingly deserted , and no light showed in any of the blank windows of the house , slipped the coiled rope from his shoulder .
grant , satisfied that the wide expanse of lawn between them and the dark treeline [stayed] comfortingly deserted , and no light showed in any of the blank windows of the house , slipped the coiled rope from his shoulder .

Only two questions remained unanswered — the puzzling absence of any sect heavies and Grant 's worrying non-return .
only two questions [stayed] unanswered — the puzzling absence of any sect heavies and grant 's worrying non-return .

After the last captive had been secured , the cordon remained in place to bag any stragglers , waiting until their colleagues who had been doing the sweep through the woods arrived to join up with them again .
after the last captive had been secured , the cordon [stayed] in place to bag any stragglers , waiting until their colleagues who had been doing the sweep through the woods arrived to join up with them again .

As he ran , his senses remained alert to the night around him , to ensure he did not run slap into any other hunting parties like the one that had intervened when he was dealing with Grant .
as he ran , his senses [stayed] alert to the night around him , to ensure he did not run slap into any other hunting parties like the one that had intervened when he was dealing with grant .

With the loss of Kali and Hades , now only Baal and Set remained to accompany the big , black lead dog , Satan .
with the loss of kali and hades , now only baal and set [stayed] to accompany the big , black lead dog , satan .

With the emergence of chronic unemployment in the British economy in recent years , there has been growing interest in the performance of the interwar economy , when unemployment remained persistently high .
with the emergence of chronic unemployment in the british economy in recent years , there has been growing interest in the performance of the interwar economy , when unemployment [stayed] persistently high .

The post-war rise in divorce has attracted much debate amongst policy makers , welfare practitioners and the public at large , and yet the work of the probation service in providing welfare reports and related services to the courts in such situations has remained largely unresearched in the face of the preoccupation with their work with offenders .
the post-war rise in divorce has attracted much debate amongst policy makers , welfare practitioners and the public at large , and yet the work of the probation service in providing welfare reports and related services to the courts in such situations has [stayed] largely unresearched in the face of the preoccupation with their work with offenders .

This affords an opportunity to study effects of unanticipated changes in rateable values and enables comparisons to be made between properties where rates have increased , reduced or remained static .
this affords an opportunity to study effects of unanticipated changes in rateable values and enables comparisons to be made between properties where rates have increased , reduced or [stayed] static .

North Down — remained unionist , but Conservatives are no longer the majority party .
north down — [stayed] unionist , but conservatives are no longer the majority party .

Clydal was almost brought to a standstill approaching the home-turn , having received a might bump at the initial bend , but remained undeterred in his victory bid .
clydal was almost brought to a standstill approaching the home-turn , having received a might bump at the initial bend , but [stayed] undeterred in his victory bid .

One remained in a ‘ comfortable ’ condition at Craigavon Area Hospital and two were transferred to Belfast 's Royal Victoria for further treatment .
one [stayed] in a ‘ comfortable ’ condition at craigavon area hospital and two were transferred to belfast 's royal victoria for further treatment .

However , Broad Street , which is normally one of the main areas for the Fair , remained closed off because of the blast damage .
however , broad street , which is normally one of the main areas for the fair , [stayed] closed off because of the blast damage .

The absence of clear-cut signals to quash the rumours by Mr Major 's team meant that the uncertainty about the Government 's front-line team remained as strong as ever .
the absence of clear-cut signals to quash the rumours by mr major 's team meant that the uncertainty about the government 's front-line team [stayed] as strong as ever .

At the women 's centre an earlier donation of sewing machines had remained unassembled , a situation soon rectified .
at the women 's centre an earlier donation of sewing machines had [stayed] unassembled , a situation soon rectified .

Alan remained distant and slightly sullen .
alan [stayed] distant and slightly sullen .

She stirred it vigorously , but it remained ominously thick in places , as if it would go into lumps as soon as it were heated .
she stirred it vigorously , but it [stayed] ominously thick in places , as if it would go into lumps as soon as it were heated .

The offices of the Research Defence Society were originally located in the premises of the Medical Society of London , near Harley Street , where they remained until 1981 .
the offices of the research defence society were originally located in the premises of the medical society of london , near harley street , where they [stayed] until 1981 .

Typically throughout it all the new European super middleweight champion remained unruffled and unmoved as the highly partisan Italians became increasingly restless .
typically throughout it all the new european super middleweight champion [stayed] unruffled and unmoved as the highly partisan italians became increasingly restless .

’ But Norwich manager Mike Walker remained coy about the destination of the Championship saying : ‘ It would be stupid to say we will win it but we have as good as chance now as the others .
’ but norwich manager mike walker [stayed] coy about the destination of the championship saying : ‘ it would be stupid to say we will win it but we have as good as chance now as the others .

Weaners remained in strong demand reaching 174p per kilo for a prime batch exhibited by an Aghalee farmer ( 10k £17.40 ) .
weaners [stayed] in strong demand reaching 174p per kilo for a prime batch exhibited by an aghalee farmer ( 10k £17.40 ) .

All three , he said , remained silent during police questioning .
all three , he said , [stayed] silent during police questioning .

Before long , critics were hailing it as a masterpiece , and since then opinion has remained divided .
before long , critics were hailing it as a masterpiece , and since then opinion has [stayed] divided .

Seizinger remained first overall but with her advantage over Austrian Anita Wachter trimmed to just four points with one race left .
seizinger [stayed] first overall but with her advantage over austrian anita wachter trimmed to just four points with one race left .

Cemaleddin Aksarayi 's connection with Amasya is more fully developed in Husameddin 's earlier where he is said to have been a fellow student of Hajji Shadgeldi 's ; to have become kadi in Amasya in 763/1361 when Hajji Shadgeldi took power ; to have been raised from the kadilik and the muderrislik of the Dar al- `` ilm medrese to the kazaskerlik in/about 768/1366–7 ; and to have remained such until after Hajji Shadgeldi 's defeat and death in battle with Kadi Burhan al-Din in 783/1381 , whereupon Cemaleddin Aksarayi fled to Konya .
cemaleddin aksarayi 's connection with amasya is more fully developed in husameddin 's earlier where he is said to have been a fellow student of hajji shadgeldi 's ; to have become kadi in amasya in 763/1361 when hajji shadgeldi took power ; to have been raised from the kadilik and the muderrislik of the dar al- `` ilm medrese to the kazaskerlik in/about 768/1366–7 ; and to have [stayed] such until after hajji shadgeldi 's defeat and death in battle with kadi burhan al-din in 783/1381 , whereupon cemaleddin aksarayi fled to konya .

The significance of this fact will be dealt with later ; suffice it to say here that the effect of the listing arrived at by the formulators of the received tradition is to raise this perfectly acceptable and important generalization to the status of an unbroken rule , to smooth away all complications and to present a perfectly articulated chain of Muftis , all of whom remained in office until their deaths .
the significance of this fact will be dealt with later ; suffice it to say here that the effect of the listing arrived at by the formulators of the received tradition is to raise this perfectly acceptable and important generalization to the status of an unbroken rule , to smooth away all complications and to present a perfectly articulated chain of muftis , all of whom [stayed] in office until their deaths .

One may summarize the conclusions reached with respect to , and within the terms of , the traditional account of the Muftilik as follows : ( a ) that Fahreddin Acemi remained as Mufti , whether in Edirne or Istanbul , until his death , which occurred probably not later than 873/1468 ; ( b ) that he was succeeded by Abdulkerim , who seems likely to have resigned or been removed about 878/1473–4 ; ( c ) that Molla Husrev succeeded to the office about 878/1473–4 and held it until his death in 885/1480–1 ; ( d ) that he was succeeded by Molla Gurani in 885/1480–1 ( but cf .
one may summarize the conclusions reached with respect to , and within the terms of , the traditional account of the muftilik as follows : ( a ) that fahreddin acemi [stayed] as mufti , whether in edirne or istanbul , until his death , which occurred probably not later than 873/1468 ; ( b ) that he was succeeded by abdulkerim , who seems likely to have resigned or been removed about 878/1473–4 ; ( c ) that molla husrev succeeded to the office about 878/1473–4 and held it until his death in 885/1480–1 ; ( d ) that he was succeeded by molla gurani in 885/1480–1 ( but cf .

144–6 , 150 ) , who retained the office until his death in 893/1488 ; and ( e ) that Molla Arab succeeded Molla Gurani in that year and remained Mufti until his death in 901/1495–6 .
144–6 , 150 ) , who retained the office until his death in 893/1488 ; and ( e ) that molla arab succeeded molla gurani in that year and [stayed] mufti until his death in 901/1495–6 .

The floor of his room was like a maze , with tower-blocks of books , whole walls of them set out on the thin carpet and holed linoleum so that only small corridors for him to walk in remained between them .
the floor of his room was like a maze , with tower-blocks of books , whole walls of them set out on the thin carpet and holed linoleum so that only small corridors for him to walk in [stayed] between them .

All this time , it must be realised , the fluviatile , near-shore and offshore environmental belts have remained more or less in the same position .
all this time , it must be realised , the fluviatile , near-shore and offshore environmental belts have [stayed] more or less in the same position .

It was important that employee information remained secure , and was seen to be so .
it was important that employee information [stayed] secure , and was seen to be so .

Despite the success of his model and his prediction of Hubble 's observations , Friedmann 's work remained largely unknown in the West until similar models were discovered in 1935 by the American physicist Howard Robertson and the British mathematician Arthur Walker , in response to Hubble 's discovery of the uniform expansion of the universe .
despite the success of his model and his prediction of hubble 's observations , friedmann 's work [stayed] largely unknown in the west until similar models were discovered in 1935 by the american physicist howard robertson and the british mathematician arthur walker , in response to hubble 's discovery of the uniform expansion of the universe .

The doctrine of scientific determinism was strongly resisted by many people , who felt that it infringed God 's freedom to intervene in the world , but it remained the standard assumption of science until the early years of this century .
the doctrine of scientific determinism was strongly resisted by many people , who felt that it infringed god 's freedom to intervene in the world , but it [stayed] the standard assumption of science until the early years of this century .

During this expansion , the density fluctuations would have remained small at first , but later would have started to grow .
during this expansion , the density fluctuations would have [stayed] small at first , but later would have started to grow .

He remained calm .
he [stayed] calm .

He remained by the table , holding the edge of it with one hand because the table was shaking .
he [stayed] by the table , holding the edge of it with one hand because the table was shaking .

He knocked what remained of the spaghetti into a saucepan , and placed four slices of Mother 's Pride bread under the grill of the electric cooker .
he knocked what [stayed] of the spaghetti into a saucepan , and placed four slices of mother 's pride bread under the grill of the electric cooker .

He remained silent until they had reached a flight of three stone steps between one lawn and a higher one , where Stephen was waiting .
he [stayed] silent until they had reached a flight of three stone steps between one lawn and a higher one , where stephen was waiting .

It would help to know in what way precisely he maligned people , but the child remained as mum as a mute , one hand gripped tightly into a fist , the other holding the mug of cocoa . ``
it would help to know in what way precisely he maligned people , but the child [stayed] as mum as a mute , one hand gripped tightly into a fist , the other holding the mug of cocoa . ``

While Gemma — still perfectly good-tempered — remained at the old manor , seeing no one of greater significance , so far as her mother could make out , than the spinster lady who ran the mill school , and the mill manager .
while gemma — still perfectly good-tempered — [stayed] at the old manor , seeing no one of greater significance , so far as her mother could make out , than the spinster lady who ran the mill school , and the mill manager .

John-William , who knew that he would have been a Chartist himself had he remained a poor man , felt sorry about that death .
john-william , who knew that he would have been a chartist himself had he [stayed] a poor man , felt sorry about that death .

Although she remained a strong , happy , powerful personality everything about her seemed transformed .
although she [stayed] a strong , happy , powerful personality everything about her seemed transformed .

So she remained silent as the taxi carried them towards the restaurants and bars that nestled beneath blocks of luxury flats overlooking the marina .
so she [stayed] silent as the taxi carried them towards the restaurants and bars that nestled beneath blocks of luxury flats overlooking the marina .

Not a trace remained of the cold rage that had set his face like granite .
not a trace [stayed] of the cold rage that had set his face like granite .

Yet somehow one hand remained on the wheel and the other clasped the mainsail winch .
yet somehow one hand [stayed] on the wheel and the other clasped the mainsail winch .

When Nathan ordered her to set up and engage the auto-helm she tried , desperately searching a mind that had gone totally blank for the sequence which would ensure that the boat remained on course .
when nathan ordered her to set up and engage the auto-helm she tried , desperately searching a mind that had gone totally blank for the sequence which would ensure that the boat [stayed] on course .

Keep tambourine a-rolling , `` he said to nobody before he went back into a silence that remained unbroken while he ate his fish .
keep tambourine a-rolling , `` he said to nobody before he went back into a silence that [stayed] unbroken while he ate his fish .

Here they remained : first in the Tower , now in the house that had succeeded it .
here they [stayed] : first in the tower , now in the house that had succeeded it .

Once provided , two general trends are obvious : first , the intra-mural zone remained or soon became relatively well built-up , and second , there was no obvious contraction or shift in emphasis within the extra-mural zone prior to the mid fourth century at least .
once provided , two general trends are obvious : first , the intra-mural zone [stayed] or soon became relatively well built-up , and second , there was no obvious contraction or shift in emphasis within the extra-mural zone prior to the mid fourth century at least .

Particular attention has been drawn to the significance of a developing internal street network within the overall plan , in contrast to the ribbon developments which remained dependent upon the main roads .
particular attention has been drawn to the significance of a developing internal street network within the overall plan , in contrast to the ribbon developments which [stayed] dependent upon the main roads .

This would account for the singular lack of internal buildings , even though a civilian element may have remained among the population as the sharp distinction between fort and town became increasingly blurred in the fourth century .
this would account for the singular lack of internal buildings , even though a civilian element may have [stayed] among the population as the sharp distinction between fort and town became increasingly blurred in the fourth century .

Its western counterpart apparently remained open , being used at one stage for spelt cultivation .
its western counterpart apparently [stayed] open , being used at one stage for spelt cultivation .

Its western half remained open , except for a timber structure represented by two rows of six post-holes .
its western half [stayed] open , except for a timber structure represented by two rows of six post-holes .

Subsequent phases saw the amalgamation and redivision of these enclosures , presumably as ownership or tenurial arrangements changed , but the framework , once established , remained remarkably consistent over time , as the layout of the late inhumations attests .
subsequent phases saw the amalgamation and redivision of these enclosures , presumably as ownership or tenurial arrangements changed , but the framework , once established , [stayed] remarkably consistent over time , as the layout of the late inhumations attests .

Enough remained to show that the northern one was at least g by 7 .
enough [stayed] to show that the northern one was at least g by 7 .

At the former , stone-robbing had effectively removed the crucial junction on the steeply sloping ground ; at the gate , it remained unclear whether the wall was already in existence or whether it had been constructed at the same time .
at the former , stone-robbing had effectively removed the crucial junction on the steeply sloping ground ; at the gate , it [stayed] unclear whether the wall was already in existence or whether it had been constructed at the same time .

Those at the north end of Normangate Field remained essentially agricultural in character throughout the second century , after which they apparently went out of use .
those at the north end of normangate field [stayed] essentially agricultural in character throughout the second century , after which they apparently went out of use .

Initially many of the associated yards remained relatively open , but they gradually filled with furnaces , kilns and clay dumps , clearly reflecting increasing pressure on land .
initially many of the associated yards [stayed] relatively open , but they gradually filled with furnaces , kilns and clay dumps , clearly reflecting increasing pressure on land .

All institutions are now known as ‘ authorized institutions ’ , and the use of the word ‘ bank ’ was restricted to those institutions which had a paid-up capital of at least f5m , but in all other respects the 1981 classification remained .
all institutions are now known as ‘ authorized institutions ’ , and the use of the word ‘ bank ’ was restricted to those institutions which had a paid-up capital of at least f5m , but in all other respects the 1981 classification [stayed] .

Although London just remained the largest cross-border lending centre in 1991 , only 15.6 % of this lending came from British banks ( compared to 20.6 % in 1985 ) .
although london just [stayed] the largest cross-border lending centre in 1991 , only 15.6 % of this lending came from british banks ( compared to 20.6 % in 1985 ) .

Although these functions have remained essentially unchanged since the early 1970s , there have been a number of changes in the way they have been carried out , which are best examined by looking at the balance sheet of the discount market ( Table 17.8 ) :
although these functions have [stayed] essentially unchanged since the early 1970s , there have been a number of changes in the way they have been carried out , which are best examined by looking at the balance sheet of the discount market ( table 17.8 ) :

The percentage of effective votes , that is votes which clearly contributed to the election of a candidate and which may be regarded as a measure of voter satisfaction , throughout the Province remained unchanged at nearly 88 % .
the percentage of effective votes , that is votes which clearly contributed to the election of a candidate and which may be regarded as a measure of voter satisfaction , throughout the province [stayed] unchanged at nearly 88 % .

The Unionist vote remained stable at about 27,000 but the SDLP/Republican Clubs vote fell from 25,500 to just under 23,000 .
the unionist vote [stayed] stable at about 27,000 but the sdlp/republican clubs vote fell from 25,500 to just under 23,000 .

And even at the zenith of his power Greenwich Village had remained a place shielded from some of his excesses , open to the pull of Europe , a haven for the dissident , the Bohemian , the dropout .
and even at the zenith of his power greenwich village had [stayed] a place shielded from some of his excesses , open to the pull of europe , a haven for the dissident , the bohemian , the dropout .

’ Which is why , suggests Neville , to this day Wilcock has remained a poor , and honest , man .
’ which is why , suggests neville , to this day wilcock has [stayed] a poor , and honest , man .

Ginsberg remained for his fortieth birthday party .
ginsberg [stayed] for his fortieth birthday party .

Admittedly It 's hopes of a twenty-four-hour city remained dashed ; in the paper 's listings a motley collection of late movies , plumbing services , and such late-night eateries as the London airport restaurant were featured , but the Roundhouse launch gathering was rapidly imitated , and replicated .
admittedly it 's hopes of a twenty-four-hour city [stayed] dashed ; in the paper 's listings a motley collection of late movies , plumbing services , and such late-night eateries as the london airport restaurant were featured , but the roundhouse launch gathering was rapidly imitated , and replicated .

Compared with the activism of the United States , or the war in South Vietnam , Britain remained a backwater .
compared with the activism of the united states , or the war in south vietnam , britain [stayed] a backwater .

But , says Dave Robins , who became assistant editor early in 1968 , It remained very male , in its content , and in its style .
but , says dave robins , who became assistant editor early in 1968 , it [stayed] very male , in its content , and in its style .

It would be propaganda of the deed , if , for many , it remained words .
it would be propaganda of the deed , if , for many , it [stayed] words .

Yet Goodwin , through his progress through the media and up the class structure of Britain , had remained , or become , cut off from any grassroots action .
yet goodwin , through his progress through the media and up the class structure of britain , had [stayed] , or become , cut off from any grassroots action .

The underground press survived on female labour , but it remained out of the limelight ; the Sue Smalls , Caroline McKechnies , ‘ Hamburger Sues ’ , Madeleine Neesons , Louise Ferriers , Marsha Rowes ; and on the Black Dwarf Sheila Rowbotham and Anne Scott , who , at 17 , was secretary , organizer , and dogsbody .
the underground press survived on female labour , but it [stayed] out of the limelight ; the sue smalls , caroline mckechnies , ‘ hamburger sues ’ , madeleine neesons , louise ferriers , marsha rowes ; and on the black dwarf sheila rowbotham and anne scott , who , at 17 , was secretary , organizer , and dogsbody .

It had been the pattern of Oz 's early production , and it remained so until the end .
it had been the pattern of oz 's early production , and it [stayed] so until the end .

Despite the recent legalization of homosexuality between consenting adults , in private , gay politics and gay life-style remained resolutely unnoticed even within the underground press — a silence only broken by the occasional tabloid expose .
despite the recent legalization of homosexuality between consenting adults , in private , gay politics and gay life-style [stayed] resolutely unnoticed even within the underground press — a silence only broken by the occasional tabloid expose .

But left politics and feminism for her remained unformed .
but left politics and feminism for her [stayed] unformed .

Dublin 's old gaffer Beck understood why some fans remained doubtful .
dublin 's old gaffer beck understood why some fans [stayed] doubtful .

He remained United 's top keeper for another eight years .
he [stayed] united 's top keeper for another eight years .

Now all that remained was to find a suitable woman to replace Mildred .
now all that [stayed] was to find a suitable woman to replace mildred .

She waited for him to elaborate , but when he remained silent her forehead creased in an irritated frown .
she waited for him to elaborate , but when he [stayed] silent her forehead creased in an irritated frown .

Part of her could barely believe what she was about to do ; but the stronger part remained adamant .
part of her could barely believe what she was about to do ; but the stronger part [stayed] adamant .

She lifted her nerveless hand and tapped very quietly on the door , then , gathering up what remained of her courage , knocked more boldly .
she lifted her nerveless hand and tapped very quietly on the door , then , gathering up what [stayed] of her courage , knocked more boldly .

His features remained serious .
his features [stayed] serious .

He remained silent for what seemed to be an eternity , and she turned away with a strangled sob .
he [stayed] silent for what seemed to be an eternity , and she turned away with a strangled sob .

Obstinately , she remained outside .
obstinately , she [stayed] outside .

’ she asked , thankful that her voice remained steady .
’ she asked , thankful that her voice [stayed] steady .

Yet he had remained alert the whole time , his senses tuned , even in their intimacy ; he had been able to bring his mind to other things .
yet he had [stayed] alert the whole time , his senses tuned , even in their intimacy ; he had been able to bring his mind to other things .

The bushes remained motionless .
the bushes [stayed] motionless .

But the lift remained silent , the long , winding corridor empty .
but the lift [stayed] silent , the long , winding corridor empty .

If the weather pattern was as uncertain as it was in her own country , she should take the opportunity of going there while the sky remained unclouded and the clear air of the city simmered with a body-relaxing warmth .
if the weather pattern was as uncertain as it was in her own country , she should take the opportunity of going there while the sky [stayed] unclouded and the clear air of the city simmered with a body-relaxing warmth .

They 'd been strolling through the individual gardens within the whole for more than two hours , while Rune told her about the traditions of the gardens and how , despite attempts at imitation , they remained unique in Europe — if not the world — before they reached the area set aside for the funfair and he suggested she might like a ride on some of the attractions .
they 'd been strolling through the individual gardens within the whole for more than two hours , while rune told her about the traditions of the gardens and how , despite attempts at imitation , they [stayed] unique in europe — if not the world — before they reached the area set aside for the funfair and he suggested she might like a ride on some of the attractions .

Gina had remained silent after Rune 's surprise announcement , allowing him to conduct her through the gates and across the road to the Mercedes .
gina had [stayed] silent after rune 's surprise announcement , allowing him to conduct her through the gates and across the road to the mercedes .

Despite what had happened between them , because it had been what she had wanted at the time and because Rune had been a generous and not over-demanding lover , and because she loved him , her own sense of self-esteem had remained whole .
despite what had happened between them , because it had been what she had wanted at the time and because rune had been a generous and not over-demanding lover , and because she loved him , her own sense of self-esteem had [stayed] whole .

Behind her Rune remained silent , his presence oppressive as if he were some Superman radiating a special kind of beam which could put the world to rights if only one believed in it .
behind her rune [stayed] silent , his presence oppressive as if he were some superman radiating a special kind of beam which could put the world to rights if only one believed in it .

He paused as if inviting comment but then , when Gina remained silent , her expressive face betraying her thoughts without need of speech , resumed in a softer tone .
he paused as if inviting comment but then , when gina [stayed] silent , her expressive face betraying her thoughts without need of speech , resumed in a softer tone .

Compassion swept through Gina as she responded to the agony of his humiliation , but still she remained silent , sensing his need to continue his confession without interruption .
compassion swept through gina as she responded to the agony of his humiliation , but still she [stayed] silent , sensing his need to continue his confession without interruption .

Police said David had been to a pal 's engagement party at a nearby pub but how he was killed remained a mystery .
police said david had been to a pal 's engagement party at a nearby pub but how he was killed [stayed] a mystery .

But she remained silent .
but she [stayed] silent .

There remained a couple of sheets of quarto .
there [stayed] a couple of sheets of quarto .

Thirteen days into rainforest , led by Balbindor and sonlet , and the doctor remained more determined than his offspring .
thirteen days into rainforest , led by balbindor and sonlet , and the doctor [stayed] more determined than his offspring .

He remained unmoved .
he [stayed] unmoved .

Elsbeth remained as usual in our cave beside the waterfall .
elsbeth [stayed] as usual in our cave beside the waterfall .

Yet she remained tense , trying to vanquish that unease which always attended her on transatlantic flights , despite a helpful air-sickness pill .
yet she [stayed] tense , trying to vanquish that unease which always attended her on transatlantic flights , despite a helpful air-sickness pill .

The larval stages remained clinging to the mast , to blow away in the next gale .
the larval stages [stayed] clinging to the mast , to blow away in the next gale .

His cheeks remained stubbornly rosy , even as his thought grew more pallid .
his cheeks [stayed] stubbornly rosy , even as his thought grew more pallid .

His gaze remained fixed on the polished surface of the table , which dimly reflected the glooms and gleams of the room .
his gaze [stayed] fixed on the polished surface of the table , which dimly reflected the glooms and gleams of the room .

For about 20 years at Bristol Bill Larnach remained a good Engineering teacher .
for about 20 years at bristol bill larnach [stayed] a good engineering teacher .

While he remained a stout supporter of the Net Book Agreement , he described the National Book Sales as ‘ too limited ’ .
while he [stayed] a stout supporter of the net book agreement , he described the national book sales as ‘ too limited ’ .

Indeed , costs of originating and authoring good interactive video together with the high cost of equipping trainees with laser disc players has been one of the key reasons why the commercial market for such applications has remained relatively small .
indeed , costs of originating and authoring good interactive video together with the high cost of equipping trainees with laser disc players has been one of the key reasons why the commercial market for such applications has [stayed] relatively small .

Analogue though they may be , videodiscs have remained doggedly on the scene in a range of niche applications since the late 1970s .
analogue though they may be , videodiscs have [stayed] doggedly on the scene in a range of niche applications since the late 1970s .

It has found that between 1987 and 1991 , the price of existing patented drugs increased by 2.9 per cent compared with an increase of 4.7 per cent permitted by the guidelines , and that the annual increase has consistently remained below the rate of inflation .
it has found that between 1987 and 1991 , the price of existing patented drugs increased by 2.9 per cent compared with an increase of 4.7 per cent permitted by the guidelines , and that the annual increase has consistently [stayed] below the rate of inflation .

Since then the device has remained essentially unchanged in principle .
since then the device has [stayed] essentially unchanged in principle .

Nevertheless , the existence of these changes strongly suggests that Falkowski and Wilson 's inference that open ocean phytoplankton productivity has remained roughly constant since the industrial revolution is premature , and may even by false .
nevertheless , the existence of these changes strongly suggests that falkowski and wilson 's inference that open ocean phytoplankton productivity has [stayed] roughly constant since the industrial revolution is premature , and may even by false .

Stoddard 's working capital has remained tightly controlled and the new controls at Sekers will make substantial inroads into its borrowings .
stoddard 's working capital has [stayed] tightly controlled and the new controls at sekers will make substantial inroads into its borrowings .

Table 6.4 shows that on about 75 % of occasions the state of the atmosphere ( foggy or clear ) remained the same from one day to the next , and a change from one state to another occurred on about 25 % of occasions .
table 6.4 shows that on about 75 % of occasions the state of the atmosphere ( foggy or clear ) [stayed] the same from one day to the next , and a change from one state to another occurred on about 25 % of occasions .

Transport and contract fabric demand remained low while apparel interest was affected by recessionary markets .
transport and contract fabric demand [stayed] low while apparel interest was affected by recessionary markets .

Even after Tuathal started to breathe , Earl Siward still remained motionless .
even after tuathal started to breathe , earl siward still [stayed] motionless .

Prior Tuathal , also watching , remained at her side .
prior tuathal , also watching , [stayed] at her side .

The Bishop wished he had remained standing .
the bishop wished he had [stayed] standing .

Only one fighting-ship remained off the island of Man , and two of moderate size further north in the Sudreyar .
only one fighting-ship [stayed] off the island of man , and two of moderate size further north in the sudreyar .

He had wiped the blood from the reliquary and only a little remained , stuck in the filigree of its thick little roof-disc .
he had wiped the blood from the reliquary and only a little [stayed] , stuck in the filigree of its thick little roof-disc .

Fifty had remained where they were , on the Tayside meadows called Rhind , where the estuary narrowed to river .
fifty had [stayed] where they were , on the tayside meadows called rhind , where the estuary narrowed to river .

Tuathal had crossed the Earn and was on this side , strung out with what remained of his hundred horsemen .
tuathal had crossed the earn and was on this side , strung out with what [stayed] of his hundred horsemen .

You may be pleased to know that all glass doors in Sri Lanka and India remained intact during my visit although there were one or two other incidents , of which more anon .
you may be pleased to know that all glass doors in sri lanka and india [stayed] intact during my visit although there were one or two other incidents , of which more anon .

Crawford 's style of acting remained indelible in his co-star 's memory .
crawford 's style of acting [stayed] indelible in his co-star 's memory .

had given him the confidence to do Billy , and he remained grateful to Gene Kelly , who had helped him so much during the picture 's making .
had given him the confidence to do billy , and he [stayed] grateful to gene kelly , who had helped him so much during the picture 's making .

Australia , alone , remained unexploited .
australia , alone , [stayed] unexploited .

Their four-year-old son , Charlie , was sent away to school , while Lizzie , aged two , and the baby remained at Broad Street under the care of their grandmother Mrs Coxen .
their four-year-old son , charlie , was sent away to school , while lizzie , aged two , and the baby [stayed] at broad street under the care of their grandmother mrs coxen .

The following year a consignment sent by his assistant Gilbert , who had remained behind in Australia , fell , much to Gould 's dismay , into the wrong hands .
the following year a consignment sent by his assistant gilbert , who had [stayed] behind in australia , fell , much to gould 's dismay , into the wrong hands .

After such a long and turbulent history involving Persia and its western neighbours , it is not surprising that the question of Iran 's frontiers with the previous territories of the Ottoman empire has remained a live issue .
after such a long and turbulent history involving persia and its western neighbours , it is not surprising that the question of iran 's frontiers with the previous territories of the ottoman empire has [stayed] a live issue .

Along the inland , mostly mountainous boundary , despite the efforts of the joint delimitation commission , much remained to be clarified and was still causing difficulties in 1980 .
along the inland , mostly mountainous boundary , despite the efforts of the joint delimitation commission , much [stayed] to be clarified and was still causing difficulties in 1980 .

Finally , there remained differences of approach between the various forces which had contributed to the Shah 's downfall .
finally , there [stayed] differences of approach between the various forces which had contributed to the shah 's downfall .

Although Iraq had achieved formal independence in 1932 , with the exit of the British administration installed under the League of Nations mandate , there remained for a number of years a substantial British presence .
although iraq had achieved formal independence in 1932 , with the exit of the british administration installed under the league of nations mandate , there [stayed] for a number of years a substantial british presence .

While al-Amarah remained an exceptionally lively point in the central sector , as the 1980s advanced there was more activity up towards the northern end , near Mehran .
while al-amarah [stayed] an exceptionally lively point in the central sector , as the 1980s advanced there was more activity up towards the northern end , near mehran .

The demand for pigs has remained buoyant with prices reaching an all time high in the middle of June .
the demand for pigs has [stayed] buoyant with prices reaching an all time high in the middle of june .

Barrel vaults were developed first and remained satisfactory in the south where their immense thrust on the walls could be borne by the use of small windows to avoid weakening the structure .
barrel vaults were developed first and [stayed] satisfactory in the south where their immense thrust on the walls could be borne by the use of small windows to avoid weakening the structure .

The altar remained at the west end in a number of cases .
the altar [stayed] at the west end in a number of cases .

In a constructional sense the arch never dominated Italian Romanesque work as it did in northern Europe ; it remained as in Roman times , more decorative than constructional in its purpose .
in a constructional sense the arch never dominated italian romanesque work as it did in northern europe ; it [stayed] as in roman times , more decorative than constructional in its purpose .

As in England , a number of abbey churches have survived and remained in use , while the abbey buildings have disappeared .
as in england , a number of abbey churches have survived and [stayed] in use , while the abbey buildings have disappeared .

Her friendship with the headmaster remained a close one .
her friendship with the headmaster [stayed] a close one .

It was a genuine attempt to explore the innate bases of behaviour and their social implications , even if something of the confused Darwinian metaphor remained .
it was a genuine attempt to explore the innate bases of behaviour and their social implications , even if something of the confused darwinian metaphor [stayed] .

Yet this progress has remained debilitated by a refusal to link such understandings with those concerning what the Chicago School would have called the ‘ culture ’ which human beings consciously make for themselves .
yet this progress has [stayed] debilitated by a refusal to link such understandings with those concerning what the chicago school would have called the ‘ culture ’ which human beings consciously make for themselves .

As will rapidly become clear , however , these theories have remained largely detached from the Chicago School 's cultural level .
as will rapidly become clear , however , these theories have [stayed] largely detached from the chicago school 's cultural level .

Furthermore , they argue that the crucial relationships between them have remained almost entirely unexplored .
furthermore , they argue that the crucial relationships between them have [stayed] almost entirely unexplored .

His emphasis on ‘ urban social movements ’ remained ; indeed the reasons for the success or failure of such movements is the key theme of his book .
his emphasis on ‘ urban social movements ’ [stayed] ; indeed the reasons for the success or failure of such movements is the key theme of his book .

Quigley remained cool .
quigley [stayed] cool .

They had to see the house — what remained of it after Brunt had finished with it .
they had to see the house — what [stayed] of it after brunt had finished with it .

Hogg also remained on the sidelines , as did Soames and Thorneycroft .
hogg also [stayed] on the sidelines , as did soames and thorneycroft .

Throughout these painful exchanges , the King had remained at Sandringham ; it was not for the sovereign to intervene between one faction of the Cabinet and another .
throughout these painful exchanges , the king had [stayed] at sandringham ; it was not for the sovereign to intervene between one faction of the cabinet and another .

He believed that so long as he remained in the Government the Press attacks would continue and that his supposedly malevolent influence would be blamed for every failure .
he believed that so long as he [stayed] in the government the press attacks would continue and that his supposedly malevolent influence would be blamed for every failure .

( a ) January 1910 Party Seats Liberal 275 Conservative 273 Irish Nationalist 82 Labour 40 ( b ) December 1910 Party Seats Conservative 272 Liberal 272 Irish Nationalist 84 Labour 42 The Liberal government which had taken office in 1905 won the 1906 general election by a landslide , and remained in office after the two inconclusive general elections of 1910 with tacit support from the small parties .
( a ) january 1910 party seats liberal 275 conservative 273 irish nationalist 82 labour 40 ( b ) december 1910 party seats conservative 272 liberal 272 irish nationalist 84 labour 42 the liberal government which had taken office in 1905 won the 1906 general election by a landslide , and [stayed] in office after the two inconclusive general elections of 1910 with tacit support from the small parties .

But they remained second-class citizens as the Service restocked itself with young men of the right background from Oxford and Cambridge .
but they [stayed] second-class citizens as the service restocked itself with young men of the right background from oxford and cambridge .

Indeed , it was one of the great merits of manufacturing to the early eighteenth-century observer Daniel Defoe that it brought increased employment and greater prosperity to a district compared with those which remained wholly dependent on agriculture .
indeed , it was one of the great merits of manufacturing to the early eighteenth-century observer daniel defoe that it brought increased employment and greater prosperity to a district compared with those which [stayed] wholly dependent on agriculture .

The significance of the turnpike system was that , eventually , in the hands of concerned trustees , it could provide the financial means of employing the talents of a generation of road builders who pioneered techniques which remained the basis of road making into the twentieth century . ``
the significance of the turnpike system was that , eventually , in the hands of concerned trustees , it could provide the financial means of employing the talents of a generation of road builders who pioneered techniques which [stayed] the basis of road making into the twentieth century . ``

Enabled by the willingness of parliament to facilitate local economic improvement , the turnpike trusts succeeded in injecting resources into the improvement of a road network which might otherwise have remained much worse .
enabled by the willingness of parliament to facilitate local economic improvement , the turnpike trusts succeeded in injecting resources into the improvement of a road network which might otherwise have [stayed] much worse .

The Thames and Severn , begun in 1783 , was six years later passing thirty-ton barges into the Thames at Inglesham , but even so the river itself remained largely unimproved and in the 1790s manufactured goods from Birmingham for London were still being carried overland from the end of the Oxford Canal .
the thames and severn , begun in 1783 , was six years later passing thirty-ton barges into the thames at inglesham , but even so the river itself [stayed] largely unimproved and in the 1790s manufactured goods from birmingham for london were still being carried overland from the end of the oxford canal .

Interest rates had already been low for twenty years when the turnpike mania began in 1750 and remained low after it ended in 1772 .
interest rates had already been low for twenty years when the turnpike mania began in 1750 and [stayed] low after it ended in 1772 .

This remained the case .
this [stayed] the case .

In important respects , however , the Bank remained , as Clapham termed it , the `` Bank of London `` .
in important respects , however , the bank [stayed] , as clapham termed it , the `` bank of london `` .

Her novel had remained relevant over two centuries simply because Frankenstein was the archetype of the scientist whose research , pursued in the sacred name of increasing knowledge , takes on a life of its own and causes untold misery before being brought under control .
her novel had [stayed] relevant over two centuries simply because frankenstein was the archetype of the scientist whose research , pursued in the sacred name of increasing knowledge , takes on a life of its own and causes untold misery before being brought under control .

The snow stopped falling , but it remained intolerably cold .
the snow stopped falling , but it [stayed] intolerably cold .

Nothing remained as it had been , except for some pictures aslant on the wall .
nothing [stayed] as it had been , except for some pictures aslant on the wall .

Victor remained in the shattered door .
victor [stayed] in the shattered door .

He remained in a half-crouch watching her , the smile of the helmet very narrow now .
he [stayed] in a half-crouch watching her , the smile of the helmet very narrow now .

Life had caught up with her , her job , her problems , but always at the very back of her mind the dream remained — Andalucía and a brilliant , handsome man on horseback , secret gardens with wrought-iron gates , fierce fighting bulls and beautiful Arab horses .
life had caught up with her , her job , her problems , but always at the very back of her mind the dream [stayed] — andalucía and a brilliant , handsome man on horseback , secret gardens with wrought-iron gates , fierce fighting bulls and beautiful arab horses .

He should have remained with her for the hunting , devil take it , instead of going to his friend Woolacombe !
he should have [stayed] with her for the hunting , devil take it , instead of going to his friend woolacombe !

The beam stopped there , and Theda remained a moment , blinking in its glare , like an animal 's prey , frozen with fright .
the beam stopped there , and theda [stayed] a moment , blinking in its glare , like an animal 's prey , frozen with fright .

Theda 's eyes remained closed as the lumbering stagecoach rumbled its way from Newark , where she had caught it outside the Saracen 's Head , to Ashby-de-la-Zouch , where it would remain for the night before proceeding to Stafford .
theda 's eyes [stayed] closed as the lumbering stagecoach rumbled its way from newark , where she had caught it outside the saracen 's head , to ashby-de-la-zouch , where it would remain for the night before proceeding to stafford .

Mr Beckenham remained only the one night at Merchiston Lodge , sleeping in the room next to Araminta 's , which had been made ready for him .
mr beckenham [stayed] only the one night at merchiston lodge , sleeping in the room next to araminta 's , which had been made ready for him .

For a few minutes they both remained thus , motionless .
for a few minutes they both [stayed] thus , motionless .

Miss Merchiston 's eyes glanced at Benedict , who merely raised his brows , and then passed to the paper in the lawyer 's hand and there remained .
miss merchiston 's eyes glanced at benedict , who merely raised his brows , and then passed to the paper in the lawyer 's hand and there [stayed] .

Either one or the other had remained with Hector throughout the afternoon , taking turns , at Mrs Diggory 's insistence , in going to the breakfast parlour to eat .
either one or the other had [stayed] with hector throughout the afternoon , taking turns , at mrs diggory 's insistence , in going to the breakfast parlour to eat .

It would have been better to have remained in total ignorance than to know , yet not know , and have no means of finding out .
it would have been better to have [stayed] in total ignorance than to know , yet not know , and have no means of finding out .

For she knew he had put Hector into the kitchen but remained himself .
for she knew he had put hector into the kitchen but [stayed] himself .

Her father at least remained her father .
her father at least [stayed] her father .

Her eyes were huge , her hair grey and her skin papery , but her heart remained childlike .
her eyes were huge , her hair grey and her skin papery , but her heart [stayed] childlike .

She had watched others come and go , and seen the hall empty round her , until only she and her opponent remained ; and she had felt no impatience , only a growing resolution .
she had watched others come and go , and seen the hall empty round her , until only she and her opponent [stayed] ; and she had felt no impatience , only a growing resolution .

But the warmth of his touch remained with her , in spite of the chill of the night , as she dropped bolt and bar into place , and fastened the house door .
but the warmth of his touch [stayed] with her , in spite of the chill of the night , as she dropped bolt and bar into place , and fastened the house door .

And so might his son have been and remained , with only a duchy to administer , but a kingdom was a different thing .
and so might his son have been and [stayed] , with only a duchy to administer , but a kingdom was a different thing .

He remained there long enough to draw many camp-followers of various kinds , including several of the merchants of Shrewsbury , who had an interest in the supply of gear and provisions , and smiths and other craftsmen who could pick up lucrative jobs among the armouries .
he [stayed] there long enough to draw many camp-followers of various kinds , including several of the merchants of shrewsbury , who had an interest in the supply of gear and provisions , and smiths and other craftsmen who could pick up lucrative jobs among the armouries .

What remained of the Scottish chivalry had re-formed in haste to face the English charge .
what [stayed] of the scottish chivalry had re-formed in haste to face the english charge .

It was conceivable , she supposed , that if she remained in the village she might see him from time to time , and if she was lucky , she thought bleakly , he might even speak to her .
it was conceivable , she supposed , that if she [stayed] in the village she might see him from time to time , and if she was lucky , she thought bleakly , he might even speak to her .

’ Returning her attention to her brother , who had remained a silent spectator throughout their exchange , she asked , ‘ Heard from Huw ?
’ returning her attention to her brother , who had [stayed] a silent spectator throughout their exchange , she asked , ‘ heard from huw ?

In a few hours she would come face to face once more with that same man who was responsible for his death and this time she was intent on making absolutely sure that what had been a teenage crush on her part remained just that .
in a few hours she would come face to face once more with that same man who was responsible for his death and this time she was intent on making absolutely sure that what had been a teenage crush on her part [stayed] just that .

The foot remained firmly in place .
the foot [stayed] firmly in place .

‘ No , of course not ; her tactics are slightly more subtle , although you never know … ’ He remained silent , obviously thinking hard .
‘ no , of course not ; her tactics are slightly more subtle , although you never know … ’ he [stayed] silent , obviously thinking hard .

Infuriatingly his expression remained enigmatic , but Kate refused to be diverted .
infuriatingly his expression [stayed] enigmatic , but kate refused to be diverted .

Her expression remained enigmatic , and it was quickly noticed that not once did she publicly smile or acknowledge the man who was now her husband .
her expression [stayed] enigmatic , and it was quickly noticed that not once did she publicly smile or acknowledge the man who was now her husband .

For a long moment their eyes remained locked in a fierce battle , until Ace 's image began to shimmer in a sort of haze in front of her , then , quite without warning , Kate passed out ; a great wave of blackness overwhelmed her , pushing all hurt and troubled feelings aside .
for a long moment their eyes [stayed] locked in a fierce battle , until ace 's image began to shimmer in a sort of haze in front of her , then , quite without warning , kate passed out ; a great wave of blackness overwhelmed her , pushing all hurt and troubled feelings aside .

And even when , in the end , he had sent her to London , to her uncle Orrin , after one last , disastrous , raging tempest , he had managed her physical transference from the United States to England , but her will had remained unbroken .
and even when , in the end , he had sent her to london , to her uncle orrin , after one last , disastrous , raging tempest , he had managed her physical transference from the united states to england , but her will had [stayed] unbroken .

She retreated round the stall ; she had been at the front , helping a customer to choose something from what remained unsold .
she retreated round the stall ; she had been at the front , helping a customer to choose something from what [stayed] unsold .

He then closed the top part and , for a few minutes , remained hidden in the stables .
he then closed the top part and , for a few minutes , [stayed] hidden in the stables .

The Dalai Lama returned to Tibet as China conceded significant autonomy — though Tibet remained a part of the People 's Republic .
the dalai lama returned to tibet as china conceded significant autonomy — though tibet [stayed] a part of the people 's republic .

Commitment and dedication remained , but tilting at windmills had to stop .
commitment and dedication [stayed] , but tilting at windmills had to stop .

Lifestyles remained simple but identification with the masses was impossible if kids had to get a decent education .
lifestyles [stayed] simple but identification with the masses was impossible if kids had to get a decent education .

People remained active long after their eightieth year , and ages of over a hundred were common .
people [stayed] active long after their eightieth year , and ages of over a hundred were common .

Life in the poorer countries remained dangerous and short , however , with disease continuing to take its regular toll of young children .
life in the poorer countries [stayed] dangerous and short , however , with disease continuing to take its regular toll of young children .

It was barely three months after her arrival in the village when her life began to pitch over from an even keel , and it remained from then onwards at a pitched-over angle .
it was barely three months after her arrival in the village when her life began to pitch over from an even keel , and it [stayed] from then onwards at a pitched-over angle .

Several kinds of apples still remained in Britain from Roman times , like the dessert apple , Decio — thought to have been introduced by the Roman general , Etio .
several kinds of apples still [stayed] in britain from roman times , like the dessert apple , decio — thought to have been introduced by the roman general , etio .

Their treatment by the Dutch was harsh , and they remained segregated as the apartheid system developed .
their treatment by the dutch was harsh , and they [stayed] segregated as the apartheid system developed .

The promises have remained just promises .
the promises have [stayed] just promises .

It did not matter that so much plant and machinery , and so many factories , were destroyed in the war , because the skills of the people were not destroyed ; they remained , to recreate the industrial strength which we once again admire and respect .
it did not matter that so much plant and machinery , and so many factories , were destroyed in the war , because the skills of the people were not destroyed ; they [stayed] , to recreate the industrial strength which we once again admire and respect .

Does my right hon. Friend accept that the one existing example of convergence in Europe is the convergence of west Germany and east Germany , which has resulted in the highest inflation and interest rates that Germany has ever had , and which is costing Britain at least 1.5 per cent . more in terms of our interest rate than would have been the case had the two countries remained separate ? What guarantee do we have that , when we have to converge with , for example , the Greeks , Portuguese and Italians , the money transferred from our pockets to theirs will not merely impoverish us and give money to those who have not earned it while we have to work harder for less and pay higher interest rates ?
does my right hon. friend accept that the one existing example of convergence in europe is the convergence of west germany and east germany , which has resulted in the highest inflation and interest rates that germany has ever had , and which is costing britain at least 1.5 per cent . more in terms of our interest rate than would have been the case had the two countries [stayed] separate ? what guarantee do we have that , when we have to converge with , for example , the greeks , portuguese and italians , the money transferred from our pockets to theirs will not merely impoverish us and give money to those who have not earned it while we have to work harder for less and pay higher interest rates ?

Until the treaty was concluded last week — it will be signed at the end of February — the provisions of the treaty of Rome had remained creaking , distorted and hard to fulfil .
until the treaty was concluded last week — it will be signed at the end of february — the provisions of the treaty of rome had [stayed] creaking , distorted and hard to fulfil .

Seb rode to where Noah Plunkett still sat on his sheepskin ‘ throne ’ , giving the impression he had remained in the same place since the wedding party began .
seb rode to where noah plunkett still sat on his sheepskin ‘ throne ’ , giving the impression he had [stayed] in the same place since the wedding party began .

She remained in the room for a long while but although Carrie went there twice with tea for them , she found them talking in the Romany language and did not understand anything they said .
she [stayed] in the room for a long while but although carrie went there twice with tea for them , she found them talking in the romany language and did not understand anything they said .

Giles Aplin remained at the Hankses ' cottage until Tom returned from his work at the manor .
giles aplin [stayed] at the hankses ' cottage until tom returned from his work at the manor .

The landlord was taken aback by Seb 's words , but he remained unmoving .
the landlord was taken aback by seb 's words , but he [stayed] unmoving .

Only the nucleus of Jacob Brailey 's gang remained at the camp on the fringe of the Wychwood Forest .
only the nucleus of jacob brailey 's gang [stayed] at the camp on the fringe of the wychwood forest .

Silas remained serious .
silas [stayed] serious .

Silas 's scowl remained on his face as they continued to walk along the track .
silas 's scowl [stayed] on his face as they continued to walk along the track .

Lucy remained silent , searching for the right words to soften Bertha 's attitude .
lucy [stayed] silent , searching for the right words to soften bertha 's attitude .

She noticed that his face remained unsmiling while greeting Doreen , and she wondered just how successful the dark-eyed woman would be in breaking down his underlying distrust of the female species .
she noticed that his face [stayed] unsmiling while greeting doreen , and she wondered just how successful the dark-eyed woman would be in breaking down his underlying distrust of the female species .

Doreen 's voice remained cool . ‘ Do you think they need reminding , especially with all that roughness surrounding them ? ’
doreen 's voice [stayed] cool . ‘ do you think they need reminding , especially with all that roughness surrounding them ? ’

Lucy remained silent , knowing this to be a fact , nor was there anything she could say that would make him feel more sympathetic towards her aunt .
lucy [stayed] silent , knowing this to be a fact , nor was there anything she could say that would make him feel more sympathetic towards her aunt .

He remained grave .
he [stayed] grave .

Or was he jealous ? Had he observed Doreen 's blatantly flirtatious manner towards the men of the rafting parties , to say nothing of her familiarity with the two guides ? Her behaviour , Lucy suspected , was all part of an effort to arouse Silas 's jealousy — but had the plan succeeded ? Watching Silas , the answer evaded her because his face remained expressionless , so she pushed the question away from her and got on with the job .
or was he jealous ? had he observed doreen 's blatantly flirtatious manner towards the men of the rafting parties , to say nothing of her familiarity with the two guides ? her behaviour , lucy suspected , was all part of an effort to arouse silas 's jealousy — but had the plan succeeded ? watching silas , the answer evaded her because his face [stayed] expressionless , so she pushed the question away from her and got on with the job .

But the words remained unspoken , and again he appeared to have lapsed into deep thought .
but the words [stayed] unspoken , and again he appeared to have lapsed into deep thought .

In the kitchen a few unwashed dishes remained on the table , and Lucy dealt with them at once by washing , wiping , and then putting them away .
in the kitchen a few unwashed dishes [stayed] on the table , and lucy dealt with them at once by washing , wiping , and then putting them away .

He returned her gaze intently — but remained silent .
he returned her gaze intently — but [stayed] silent .

Even so , her head remained clear enough for her to wonder when he would tell her he loved her .
even so , her head [stayed] clear enough for her to wonder when he would tell her he loved her .

’ She waited , having given him the opening , but suggestions of love and marriage — or anything remotely related to them — still remained unspoken , and , sadly , she realised that he did not love her .
’ she waited , having given him the opening , but suggestions of love and marriage — or anything remotely related to them — still [stayed] unspoken , and , sadly , she realised that he did not love her .

But he remained silent , and , despondently , she turned away again , realising that there would be no words of love coming from this man , who now held her heart in the palm of his hand .
but he [stayed] silent , and , despondently , she turned away again , realising that there would be no words of love coming from this man , who now held her heart in the palm of his hand .

Jean , who had remained in the doorway as an interested spectator , spoke shyly to Silas .
jean , who had [stayed] in the doorway as an interested spectator , spoke shyly to silas .

Gentleman knows , Nuclear Electric was formed out of the old Central Electricity Generating Board and has remained a Government-owned project throughout .
gentleman knows , nuclear electric was formed out of the old central electricity generating board and has [stayed] a government-owned project throughout .

At the end of the third quarter , provider units remained on course to achieve a financial balance this year , as we had reported earlier at the end of the second quarter .
at the end of the third quarter , provider units [stayed] on course to achieve a financial balance this year , as we had reported earlier at the end of the second quarter .

Member for Dartford — who , as ever , was frank — did not speak any honeyed words about the inspectorate but said that it had been captured by the left in the 1960s and remained captured , and that it was a self-perpetuating oligarchy .
member for dartford — who , as ever , was frank — did not speak any honeyed words about the inspectorate but said that it had been captured by the left in the 1960s and [stayed] captured , and that it was a self-perpetuating oligarchy .

The Leader of the Opposition simply pointed out in an article that he wrote just before the party conference that the proportion of gross domestic product — national income — devoted to education since 1979 had dropped , and that if it had remained the same , the difference would be the figure to which the hon .
the leader of the opposition simply pointed out in an article that he wrote just before the party conference that the proportion of gross domestic product — national income — devoted to education since 1979 had dropped , and that if it had [stayed] the same , the difference would be the figure to which the hon .

All in all , we shall have the same problems as we would have had if the poll tax had remained .
all in all , we shall have the same problems as we would have had if the poll tax had [stayed] .

At that time , their motives were questioned but the questions remained unanswered .
at that time , their motives were questioned but the questions [stayed] unanswered .

And so it remained .
and so it [stayed] .

When our decline in influence and shift in interest argued strongly for participation in Europe , they remained ambivalent about those whom they thought of as ’ unreliable continentals ’ .
when our decline in influence and shift in interest argued strongly for participation in europe , they [stayed] ambivalent about those whom they thought of as ’ unreliable continentals ’ .

Thus the 1893 Act remained largely in the form in which it was originally enacted .
thus the 1893 act [stayed] largely in the form in which it was originally enacted .

The decided cases do not yet give a clear answer to this problem but presumably the retention of title clause would entitle the seller to take and re-sell such of the timber he had supplied under this contract as remained unsold and unmixed in the buyer 's possession .
the decided cases do not yet give a clear answer to this problem but presumably the retention of title clause would entitle the seller to take and re-sell such of the timber he had supplied under this contract as [stayed] unsold and unmixed in the buyer 's possession .

If he saw his father on that occasion , Martin did not remember it ; all that remained whenever he thought about him was an oppressive feeling of fear and dread associated with this house that had seemed to him dark and prison-like , smelling of dust and disinfectant and wet towels and blocked lavatories — a kind of compound reek of disease and poverty .
if he saw his father on that occasion , martin did not remember it ; all that [stayed] whenever he thought about him was an oppressive feeling of fear and dread associated with this house that had seemed to him dark and prison-like , smelling of dust and disinfectant and wet towels and blocked lavatories — a kind of compound reek of disease and poverty .

He was at an age when he could be both inside himself and outside himself at the same time : he knew he was only playing a game , but the game still remained real to him .
he was at an age when he could be both inside himself and outside himself at the same time : he knew he was only playing a game , but the game still [stayed] real to him .

This comforted him as it had comforted him half a dozen times this afternoon , but his mind remained basically uneasy .
this comforted him as it had comforted him half a dozen times this afternoon , but his mind [stayed] basically uneasy .

Maybe the fact that she 'd remained the only one had rankled with him too .
maybe the fact that she 'd [stayed] the only one had rankled with him too .

Fourteen-year-old Sabine had remained in the roomy attic which had been hers since nursery days .
fourteen-year-old sabine had [stayed] in the roomy attic which had been hers since nursery days .

The man and the children remained anonymous .
the man and the children [stayed] anonymous .

But , weary though she was , sleep remained elusive at first .
but , weary though she was , sleep [stayed] elusive at first .

Pride and hurt would n't allow her to ask where he was , and Gaston had volunteered no information , so it had remained a mystery .
pride and hurt would n't allow her to ask where he was , and gaston had volunteered no information , so it had [stayed] a mystery .

Of course we might assume that in our stationary state every business remained always of the same size , and with the same trade connection .
of course we might assume that in our stationary state every business [stayed] always of the same size , and with the same trade connection .

However , under King Henry 's harsh but effective rule , England had remained peaceful , so nothing had ever come of her father 's plans and Isabel was free to indulge her girlhood dreams in the quiet haven , shut off from the bustle and constant noise of castle life .
however , under king henry 's harsh but effective rule , england had [stayed] peaceful , so nothing had ever come of her father 's plans and isabel was free to indulge her girlhood dreams in the quiet haven , shut off from the bustle and constant noise of castle life .

It was odd how the scar had remained all these years .
it was odd how the scar had [stayed] all these years .

Of course there were those who remained staunch , Guy reminded himself , as he reached into his tunic for a few coins .
of course there were those who [stayed] staunch , guy reminded himself , as he reached into his tunic for a few coins .

Miles of Gloucester , who had remained quietly in the background since Isabel had entered the room , now moved forward .
miles of gloucester , who had [stayed] quietly in the background since isabel had entered the room , now moved forward .

The Sheriff , however , remained grim-faced .
the sheriff , however , [stayed] grim-faced .

When fitzAlan had satisfied himself that she did n't carry a weapon , she felt as though no part of her body remained untouched .
when fitzalan had satisfied himself that she did n't carry a weapon , she felt as though no part of her body [stayed] untouched .

The longer the arrow remained in the wound , the greater the danger of infection .
the longer the arrow [stayed] in the wound , the greater the danger of infection .

That aura of compelling strength remained .
that aura of compelling strength [stayed] .

His eyes went hard , though the fiery heat remained undimmed .
his eyes went hard , though the fiery heat [stayed] undimmed .

He muttered and stirred , flinging his wounded arm out , but his eyes remained closed .
he muttered and stirred , flinging his wounded arm out , but his eyes [stayed] closed .

Two sleepless nights , Isabel brooded as the silence remained unbroken , was not conducive to good sense .
two sleepless nights , isabel brooded as the silence [stayed] unbroken , was not conducive to good sense .

Not while he remained so close that she could feel his warm breath against her cheek .
not while he [stayed] so close that she could feel his warm breath against her cheek .

For several seconds Isabel remained absolutely still .
for several seconds isabel [stayed] absolutely still .

Then as the meaning of Guy 's actions sank into her brain she pushed herself back , glaring up at him and quite unaware that her hands remained splayed against his chest .
then as the meaning of guy 's actions sank into her brain she pushed herself back , glaring up at him and quite unaware that her hands [stayed] splayed against his chest .

His brother-in-law remained unscathed .
his brother-in-law [stayed] unscathed .

‘ Was your betrothed Matilda 's man ? ’ he went on , still in that frigid tone . ‘ Did he even exist or was he an invention to put me off ? Were you so enamoured of the woman that you remained with her after your father was killed ? ’
‘ was your betrothed matilda 's man ? ’ he went on , still in that frigid tone . ‘ did he even exist or was he an invention to put me off ? were you so enamoured of the woman that you [stayed] with her after your father was killed ? ’

The softly spoken command came from the third man , who had remained silent until now .
the softly spoken command came from the third man , who had [stayed] silent until now .

Isabel remained very still for a minute , thinking about how much worse she must look with red-rimmed eyes and tears mingling with the dirt on her face .
isabel [stayed] very still for a minute , thinking about how much worse she must look with red-rimmed eyes and tears mingling with the dirt on her face .

She saw Joanna glance up when fitzAlan remained standing in the doorway .
she saw joanna glance up when fitzalan [stayed] standing in the doorway .

of white flowers remained .
of white flowers [stayed] .

The rooms at the back were of course dark and pokey and the cupboards had a strange sickening shut-up smell that remained however much they aired them .
the rooms at the back were of course dark and pokey and the cupboards had a strange sickening shut-up smell that [stayed] however much they aired them .

To have remained unkissed at twenty-two in this day and age must be a rarity — she was worldly enough to know that , at least .
to have [stayed] unkissed at twenty-two in this day and age must be a rarity — she was worldly enough to know that , at least .

But Faye only nodded , and when Tom let himself out gently without saying anything further , the two women remained silent as well .
but faye only nodded , and when tom let himself out gently without saying anything further , the two women [stayed] silent as well .

The rise of the nation state to this position of eminence is indeed very recent ; in Europe a multinational state — the Habsburg monarchy — remained a major power until 1918 , while the empires of other European powers , especially Britain and France , denied national independence to peoples in much of the rest of the world until after the Second World War .
the rise of the nation state to this position of eminence is indeed very recent ; in europe a multinational state — the habsburg monarchy — [stayed] a major power until 1918 , while the empires of other european powers , especially britain and france , denied national independence to peoples in much of the rest of the world until after the second world war .

Britain , however , may be an extreme case , and in some other European countries the relations between the trade unions and the socialist movement have remained much closer .
britain , however , may be an extreme case , and in some other european countries the relations between the trade unions and the socialist movement have [stayed] much closer .

Fashions had changed ; the new youth-oriented culture had nothing but contempt for the gritty , laconic heroism of the war , of which Michael Banks remained the symbol .
fashions had changed ; the new youth-oriented culture had nothing but contempt for the gritty , laconic heroism of the war , of which michael banks [stayed] the symbol .

The power of the acting remained , but its flow was constantly interrupted .
the power of the acting [stayed] , but its flow was constantly interrupted .

With the Taunton cast , it remained a comparatively cheap show .
with the taunton cast , it [stayed] a comparatively cheap show .

He was aware of the parts of it that remained unchanged and equally of the innovations .
he was aware of the parts of it that [stayed] unchanged and equally of the innovations .

He always found that , while he could never exactly fix the wording of the good ones , the bad remained indelibly printed on his brain , accurate to the last comma .
he always found that , while he could never exactly fix the wording of the good ones , the bad [stayed] indelibly printed on his brain , accurate to the last comma .

But Michael Banks 's memory remained sacred .
but michael banks 's memory [stayed] sacred .

The thatch of what remained of the subsided roof was streaked with the dark green of lichen .
the thatch of what [stayed] of the subsided roof was streaked with the dark green of lichen .

Her eyes had remained on the tall , casually dressed man at the other side of the room , noting that little had changed in six years .
her eyes had [stayed] on the tall , casually dressed man at the other side of the room , noting that little had changed in six years .

But she remained disturbed , acutely aware of him at her side and only grateful that he despised her too much to allow himself to be seen touching her in public .
but she [stayed] disturbed , acutely aware of him at her side and only grateful that he despised her too much to allow himself to be seen touching her in public .

She glanced at him , almost hopefully , but the impact of his virility and arrogance remained undiminished , and her fingers curled into her palms , painted nails slicing the soft skin .
she glanced at him , almost hopefully , but the impact of his virility and arrogance [stayed] undiminished , and her fingers curled into her palms , painted nails slicing the soft skin .

‘ Do n't , ’ she whispered , clinging to the last vestige of whatever part of her identity remained to her , pride perhaps , or simple self-preservation .
‘ do n't , ’ she whispered , clinging to the last vestige of whatever part of her identity [stayed] to her , pride perhaps , or simple self-preservation .

’ His scorn remained intact , and remorseless .
’ his scorn [stayed] intact , and remorseless .

Obstinately , she remained standing , looking at him and trying to shut down the traitorously receptive part of her that was assimilating the way his formal evening attire enhanced his devastating masculinity .
obstinately , she [stayed] standing , looking at him and trying to shut down the traitorously receptive part of her that was assimilating the way his formal evening attire enhanced his devastating masculinity .

‘ Except that , conveniently for the two of you , Nicky remained right here in Taipei .
‘ except that , conveniently for the two of you , nicky [stayed] right here in taipei .

She loathed herself for such pettiness , but she was so helplessly without any control over their relationship that pride or all that remained of it demanded that she administer these little pricks to his satisfaction , although she knew she had no hope of succeeding in puncturing it properly .
she loathed herself for such pettiness , but she was so helplessly without any control over their relationship that pride or all that [stayed] of it demanded that she administer these little pricks to his satisfaction , although she knew she had no hope of succeeding in puncturing it properly .

It was late August now and Taipei remained intensely hot , a city set in a bowl ringed with mountains , hence its oppressive humidity .
it was late august now and taipei [stayed] intensely hot , a city set in a bowl ringed with mountains , hence its oppressive humidity .

With some wild , unplanned , unfocused idea of shaming him with feminine helplessness , she stayed mute as he drew her into his arms , and remained passive as he gathered her up to him .
with some wild , unplanned , unfocused idea of shaming him with feminine helplessness , she stayed mute as he drew her into his arms , and [stayed] passive as he gathered her up to him .

For several seconds Luke remained immobile , scarcely breathing , it seemed .
for several seconds luke [stayed] immobile , scarcely breathing , it seemed .

If he had taken her here on the couch a few minutes ago , as he had so nearly done , their abandonment to passion then would have been a mutual — equal — thing , but now he was back to being the dominant partner in what remained of their relationship , controlling it and her .
if he had taken her here on the couch a few minutes ago , as he had so nearly done , their abandonment to passion then would have been a mutual — equal — thing , but now he was back to being the dominant partner in what [stayed] of their relationship , controlling it and her .

Maria remained motionless , finally beginning to piece the fragments of confession together , assembling a picture of frustration she hardly dared believe she understood .
maria [stayed] motionless , finally beginning to piece the fragments of confession together , assembling a picture of frustration she hardly dared believe she understood .

That was why , perversely , she 'd remained standing where she was , pointedly disdaining his invitation to sit down — though it occurred to her , increasing her sense of irritation , that , quite possibly , that was precisely the reaction he 'd anticipated !
that was why , perversely , she 'd [stayed] standing where she was , pointedly disdaining his invitation to sit down — though it occurred to her , increasing her sense of irritation , that , quite possibly , that was precisely the reaction he 'd anticipated !

Lisa glared into his face and remained motionless in the doorway .
lisa glared into his face and [stayed] motionless in the doorway .

Alexander Vass remained standing by the armchair . ‘ Are you always such a hospitable hostess ? Is water the best you have to offer your guests ? ’
alexander vass [stayed] standing by the armchair . ‘ are you always such a hospitable hostess ? is water the best you have to offer your guests ? ’

’ He remained unruffled .
’ he [stayed] unruffled .

He had remained seated as she stood there , hovering uncertainly , but now , with a shuttered smile , he rose to his feet .
he had [stayed] seated as she stood there , hovering uncertainly , but now , with a shuttered smile , he rose to his feet .

There remained another two nights of their stay .
there [stayed] another two nights of their stay .

Well , go on , ’ she prompted with soft sarcasm when he remained silent .
well , go on , ’ she prompted with soft sarcasm when he [stayed] silent .

When she remained silent , he opened one eye to observe her mutinous face .
when she [stayed] silent , he opened one eye to observe her mutinous face .

Staring blankly at the rubble , all that remained of the cottage , she tried to remember the exact words Leo had used when he 'd given her the cheque .
staring blankly at the rubble , all that [stayed] of the cottage , she tried to remember the exact words leo had used when he 'd given her the cheque .

All that remained now was to fill in the time until she could ring her mother .
all that [stayed] now was to fill in the time until she could ring her mother .

‘ So you remained friendly right through the war , did you ? ’
‘ so you [stayed] friendly right through the war , did you ? ’

After Walter Machin 's last doctor had left the Railway Hotel , Greg remained on his stool by the bar , sunk in thought .
after walter machin 's last doctor had left the railway hotel , greg [stayed] on his stool by the bar , sunk in thought .

Greg remained perched uneasily , staring down into his glass , feeling like a juggler who suddenly finds he is keeping eleven balls in the air instead of ten , and wonders where on earth the other ball has come from .
greg [stayed] perched uneasily , staring down into his glass , feeling like a juggler who suddenly finds he is keeping eleven balls in the air instead of ten , and wonders where on earth the other ball has come from .

Otherwise , if place could have been found for these minor poets and playwrights , not to mention jumped-up journalists who also figured all too prominently , surely a few sentences could have been spared for the man he himself had described as the one working-class writer who remained working-class — the man whom the Sentinel had called ‘ the poet of work ’ .
otherwise , if place could have been found for these minor poets and playwrights , not to mention jumped-up journalists who also figured all too prominently , surely a few sentences could have been spared for the man he himself had described as the one working-class writer who [stayed] working-class — the man whom the sentinel had called ‘ the poet of work ’ .

The royal standard of England no longer fluttered on its pole , a sign that Henry and Wolsey had already departed with a small advance party though Doctor Agrippa had remained , waiting for us in our chamber .
the royal standard of england no longer fluttered on its pole , a sign that henry and wolsey had already departed with a small advance party though doctor agrippa had [stayed] , waiting for us in our chamber .

Benjamin remained locked in the sombre mood which had dogged him since he had witnessed Buckingham 's execution .
benjamin [stayed] locked in the sombre mood which had dogged him since he had witnessed buckingham 's execution .

‘ Cosmas remained wrapped in the bedding and was burnt alive .
‘ cosmas [stayed] wrapped in the bedding and was burnt alive .

We strode cautiously across as if the old hag might appear at the mouth of the cave , uttering curses and dire prophecies , yet everything remained silent .
we strode cautiously across as if the old hag might appear at the mouth of the cave , uttering curses and dire prophecies , yet everything [stayed] silent .

‘ The Templars always coveted the great relics , the Grail and Arthur 's Sword , Excalibur , but these remained hidden .
‘ the templars always coveted the great relics , the grail and arthur 's sword , excalibur , but these [stayed] hidden .

Philip remained impassive .
philip [stayed] impassive .

Corbett remained sitting for hours following various trains of thought whilst Ranulf , having seen his son , was bouncing about on the broad , silk-canopied bed of Mistress Semplar .
corbett [stayed] sitting for hours following various trains of thought whilst ranulf , having seen his son , was bouncing about on the broad , silk-canopied bed of mistress semplar .

Couville had been Corbett 's master and mentor when Hugh first became a clerk and , despite the gap in years and experience , they had become and remained firm friends .
couville had been corbett 's master and mentor when hugh first became a clerk and , despite the gap in years and experience , they had become and [stayed] firm friends .

Maeve tried to calm him but Corbett remained uneasy .
maeve tried to calm him but corbett [stayed] uneasy .

Before he could speak , the lights changed and out of innate respect Jack remained stationary , waiting for his once and future King to go first .
before he could speak , the lights changed and out of innate respect jack [stayed] stationary , waiting for his once and future king to go first .

For the next two years his health remained stable although the hospital had told us he might have more mini-strokes .
for the next two years his health [stayed] stable although the hospital had told us he might have more mini-strokes .

This shows that the investment stock remained relatively constant from around 1977 to 1981 , with revaluations summing to zero over the period .
this shows that the investment stock [stayed] relatively constant from around 1977 to 1981 , with revaluations summing to zero over the period .

She remained sitting on the end of one bench , her cloak wrapped about her .
she [stayed] sitting on the end of one bench , her cloak wrapped about her .

She remained very still , marvelling secretly at the strength of his restraining hands .
she [stayed] very still , marvelling secretly at the strength of his restraining hands .

Only the beautiful Katarina remained relatively calm , her arm resting possessively on Lucenzo 's shoulder as if she was totally confident of his interest .
only the beautiful katarina [stayed] relatively calm , her arm resting possessively on lucenzo 's shoulder as if she was totally confident of his interest .

Mossop , faithful both to preference and history , remained in the car whilst Harry walked up the front path , trying to ignore the ravenous alsatian growling and tearing at the neighbour 's fence .
mossop , faithful both to preference and history , [stayed] in the car whilst harry walked up the front path , trying to ignore the ravenous alsatian growling and tearing at the neighbour 's fence .

She remained … unsullied .
she [stayed] … unsullied .

Twenty years on , the ingredients of a predictable accident remained intact .
twenty years on , the ingredients of a predictable accident [stayed] intact .

There thus remained only one explanation consistent with logic and the sooner he tested its validity the calmer he would feel .
there thus [stayed] only one explanation consistent with logic and the sooner he tested its validity the calmer he would feel .

Yet Profitis Ilias , whether recollected in repose or recorded in the teeth of logic on an Oxford wall , remained his undoing .
yet profitis ilias , whether recollected in repose or recorded in the teeth of logic on an oxford wall , [stayed] his undoing .

‘ He could have remained on Rhodes until the eleventh .
‘ he could have [stayed] on rhodes until the eleventh .

Yet friendship remained the only star to steer by .
yet friendship [stayed] the only star to steer by .

On Wednesday , he swallowed his pride , banked Dysart 's cheque and purchased a car with most of what remained from the cash he had brought back from Rhodes .
on wednesday , he swallowed his pride , banked dysart 's cheque and purchased a car with most of what [stayed] from the cash he had brought back from rhodes .

What had come through was not quite a complete Terry Place , but one substantially still himself He remained in the intensive care unit of the local hospital and under police guard .
what had come through was not quite a complete terry place , but one substantially still himself he [stayed] in the intensive care unit of the local hospital and under police guard .

They added Terry Place 's clothes as well , Roxie shedding an obligatory tear as she did so , while her sister-in-law remained dry-eyed .
they added terry place 's clothes as well , roxie shedding an obligatory tear as she did so , while her sister-in-law [stayed] dry-eyed .

He never was able to prove a connection , but he remained convinced that there must have been one .
he never was able to prove a connection , but he [stayed] convinced that there must have been one .

John Coffin did not appear , his door remained closed .
john coffin did not appear , his door [stayed] closed .

The girl remained unseen , but the man emerged a moment later , his eyes , as they caught Huy 's , switching from initial guilt to fraternal collusion as he saw that Huy was someone he did not know .
the girl [stayed] unseen , but the man emerged a moment later , his eyes , as they caught huy 's , switching from initial guilt to fraternal collusion as he saw that huy was someone he did not know .

Her eyes remained hard , but he knew it was an act .
her eyes [stayed] hard , but he knew it was an act .

’ The bantering tone remained in Surere 's voice but he added edge to it for the last word or two .
’ the bantering tone [stayed] in surere 's voice but he added edge to it for the last word or two .

There remained the question about whether to tell Merymose that he had seen Surere .
there [stayed] the question about whether to tell merymose that he had seen surere .

For most of the time he was talking , Merymose 's expression remained set .
for most of the time he was talking , merymose 's expression [stayed] set .

The flies had returned to cluster on two small lakes of dried blood , all that remained here to show where the girl had lain , apart from the lingering smell .
the flies had returned to cluster on two small lakes of dried blood , all that [stayed] here to show where the girl had lain , apart from the lingering smell .

The cult had remained after those who had brought it had embraced the gods of the Black Land , the true gods , the gods of the land in which they now lived , but it remained as no more than a fashion among the rich .
the cult had [stayed] after those who had brought it had embraced the gods of the black land , the true gods , the gods of the land in which they now lived , but it [stayed] as no more than a fashion among the rich .

He remained where he was , standing behind Merymose and a little to one side , head bowed , but eyes surreptitiously up , on that obstinate morsel of spit , now stretching into a thin line of glutinous liquid string between the two lips .
he [stayed] where he was , standing behind merymose and a little to one side , head bowed , but eyes surreptitiously up , on that obstinate morsel of spit , now stretching into a thin line of glutinous liquid string between the two lips .

‘ How fast do you suppose news travels ? ’ Nubenehem remained cautious .
‘ how fast do you suppose news travels ? ’ nubenehem [stayed] cautious .

After that , his senses remained strained and alert for several hundred paces , but there was no more hint of a shadow , and as he moved away from the busier streets he became increasingly confident that he was alone .
after that , his senses [stayed] strained and alert for several hundred paces , but there was no more hint of a shadow , and as he moved away from the busier streets he became increasingly confident that he was alone .

His interlocutor raised his eyebrows a fraction , but remained seated .
his interlocutor raised his eyebrows a fraction , but [stayed] seated .

Ipuky looked up , but his face remained rigid .
ipuky looked up , but his face [stayed] rigid .

It recommended that more grammar school places be provided , and that financial provision be improved for pupils who remained at school after the minimum leaving age .
it recommended that more grammar school places be provided , and that financial provision be improved for pupils who [stayed] at school after the minimum leaving age .

Even with controls for measured intelligence , the correlation remained high .
even with controls for measured intelligence , the correlation [stayed] high .

The proportions of children from each class entering higher education remained much as in the 1920s , although the absolute numbers had increased steadily with the expansion of educational provision .
the proportions of children from each class entering higher education [stayed] much as in the 1920s , although the absolute numbers had increased steadily with the expansion of educational provision .

The committee remained convinced that largely unintentional racism was an important factor behind West Indian underachievement , a claim not undermined by the high achievement of Asians , since stereotyped views of them were generally much less negative , and racism might have different effects on different groups .
the committee [stayed] convinced that largely unintentional racism was an important factor behind west indian underachievement , a claim not undermined by the high achievement of asians , since stereotyped views of them were generally much less negative , and racism might have different effects on different groups .

HMIs remained an integrated body under the chief inspector , and would advise both Secretaries of State .
hmis [stayed] an integrated body under the chief inspector , and would advise both secretaries of state .

This system has remained relatively unchanged ( apart from a recent increase of the proportion of parent and teacher representatives on the governing bodies of voluntary schools ) .
this system has [stayed] relatively unchanged ( apart from a recent increase of the proportion of parent and teacher representatives on the governing bodies of voluntary schools ) .

In particular the degree of negative control he could exert over the actions of the government , his ability to obstruct change , remained important until well after the end of this period .
in particular the degree of negative control he could exert over the actions of the government , his ability to obstruct change , [stayed] important until well after the end of this period .

These for generations had remained distinct in their administration , their laws and their economic institutions .
these for generations had [stayed] distinct in their administration , their laws and their economic institutions .

These proposals remained only a paper scheme ; but they were the most remarkable constitutional document to take shape in any European State during the generation before the French Revolution .
these proposals [stayed] only a paper scheme ; but they were the most remarkable constitutional document to take shape in any european state during the generation before the french revolution .

In Britain the wages of an ordinary seaman remained unchanged ( at 19s .
in britain the wages of an ordinary seaman [stayed] unchanged ( at 19s .

It meant the disappearance from the line of battle of every European fleet of the converted merchantmen which had remained so important in wars at sea until the second half of the seventeenth century .
it meant the disappearance from the line of battle of every european fleet of the converted merchantmen which had [stayed] so important in wars at sea until the second half of the seventeenth century .

Seating arrangements at conferences , forms of address and other issues of this kind remained a continual source of potential difficulty .
seating arrangements at conferences , forms of address and other issues of this kind [stayed] a continual source of potential difficulty .

Even so , the attention devoted to questions of precedence , though declining , remained great until late in this period .
even so , the attention devoted to questions of precedence , though declining , [stayed] great until late in this period .

He kissed her again and , as her flesh remained slack and dead , his voice changed and suddenly sounded a little desperate .
he kissed her again and , as her flesh [stayed] slack and dead , his voice changed and suddenly sounded a little desperate .

Julius 's gaze remained fixed on her and she could feel herself beginning to squirm inside .
julius 's gaze [stayed] fixed on her and she could feel herself beginning to squirm inside .

The air remained unnaturally hot and humid for the time of the year , and the sun shone down again from the brightening sky .
the air [stayed] unnaturally hot and humid for the time of the year , and the sun shone down again from the brightening sky .

Beside her , Julius 's dark gaze remained fixed on the road ahead .
beside her , julius 's dark gaze [stayed] fixed on the road ahead .

Julius raised his head , although his body remained locked against hers , heat and sweat and shared pleasure fusing them together .
julius raised his head , although his body [stayed] locked against hers , heat and sweat and shared pleasure fusing them together .

The American New Critics remained true to the spirit of Richards 's work by emphasizing the distinctive properties of literature or poetry , and by dealing with them in a way which was not only empiricist , humanistic and organicist , but also theoretical as well .
the american new critics [stayed] true to the spirit of richards 's work by emphasizing the distinctive properties of literature or poetry , and by dealing with them in a way which was not only empiricist , humanistic and organicist , but also theoretical as well .

He waited for her to sit down , and then remained standing , one foot on the bench .
he waited for her to sit down , and then [stayed] standing , one foot on the bench .

He remained silent as they walked back to the car and he opened the passenger-door for her .
he [stayed] silent as they walked back to the car and he opened the passenger-door for her .

Then he slid off her and they remained lying next to each other , his arm still under her neck .
then he slid off her and they [stayed] lying next to each other , his arm still under her neck .

Piers walked off to help her , and Alyssia remained where she was , listening to their friendly banter , not quite knowing what to do with herself .
piers walked off to help her , and alyssia [stayed] where she was , listening to their friendly banter , not quite knowing what to do with herself .

Alyssia strolled out to the car with her friend , relieved that he had remained in the kitchen , and turned to her .
alyssia strolled out to the car with her friend , relieved that he had [stayed] in the kitchen , and turned to her .

So she remained rooted to where she was , listening .
so she [stayed] rooted to where she was , listening .

Why else would he have remained a bachelor ? He was a handsome devil , clever and presumably extremely well off . The sort of man who could have his pick of women , so why had n't he picked any ?
why else would he have [stayed] a bachelor ? he was a handsome devil , clever and presumably extremely well off . the sort of man who could have his pick of women , so why had n't he picked any ?

It would have been so much easier if he had remained hostile towards her , but she could sense that that simply would not have been in keeping with his personality .
it would have been so much easier if he had [stayed] hostile towards her , but she could sense that that simply would not have been in keeping with his personality .

André , Alyssia discovered , proved to be alarmingly persistent in his promise to see her as much as possible while she remained in France .
andré , alyssia discovered , proved to be alarmingly persistent in his promise to see her as much as possible while she [stayed] in france .

They smiled , flattered , charmed , and she smiled back willingly , but remained unmoved .
they smiled , flattered , charmed , and she smiled back willingly , but [stayed] unmoved .

’ Claudia followed him , wondering if he was going to crowd into the phone box with her , but he remained outside and she dialled Dana 's number , her heart beating wildly .
’ claudia followed him , wondering if he was going to crowd into the phone box with her , but he [stayed] outside and she dialled dana 's number , her heart beating wildly .

For a few minutes he remained silent and she wondered where the bright start to the day had gone .
for a few minutes he [stayed] silent and she wondered where the bright start to the day had gone .

He remained as tenant , as did his sister after him until she died in the late sixties .
he [stayed] as tenant , as did his sister after him until she died in the late sixties .

He looked as if he would like to sear her with another acid remark but he remained silent , as she did , apart from a few non-committal remarks , all through dinner .
he looked as if he would like to sear her with another acid remark but he [stayed] silent , as she did , apart from a few non-committal remarks , all through dinner .

After further discussions with the teachers , covering attitudes , methods and topics ( ‘ If a few more people had understood what inflation meant , they might not have won the election ' ) , about a quarter of the teachers remained clearly of the view that mathematics education is , and should be , politically neutral .
after further discussions with the teachers , covering attitudes , methods and topics ( ‘ if a few more people had understood what inflation meant , they might not have won the election ' ) , about a quarter of the teachers [stayed] clearly of the view that mathematics education is , and should be , politically neutral .

Although the early mornings and evenings remained grey and foggy , the afternoons at the beginning of January became increasingly warm and bright .
although the early mornings and evenings [stayed] grey and foggy , the afternoons at the beginning of january became increasingly warm and bright .

He seized the post of Vizier ( Prime Minister ) and within weeks Muhammed Shah 's ineffectual successor had been effectively excluded from all decisions ; he remained a figurehead , left to console himself with drink , opium and his harem .
he seized the post of vizier ( prime minister ) and within weeks muhammed shah 's ineffectual successor had been effectively excluded from all decisions ; he [stayed] a figurehead , left to console himself with drink , opium and his harem .

There he remained , shrieking ‘ Ti-lo !
there he [stayed] , shrieking ‘ ti-lo !

The activity of those Delhi-wallahs that remained in their city slowed to a snail 's pace .
the activity of those delhi-wallahs that [stayed] in their city slowed to a snail 's pace .

There it remained .
there it [stayed] .

Through the middle of the day the pubs remained open and hostilities grew worse .
through the middle of the day the pubs [stayed] open and hostilities grew worse .

It was not a fortune , but it was a respectable competence , thanks to royalties , which would continue for years yet , whether the doctor reappeared or remained in limbo .
it was not a fortune , but it was a respectable competence , thanks to royalties , which would continue for years yet , whether the doctor reappeared or [stayed] in limbo .

All the same , the image of his isolation remained with her , and made her feel uneasy and even guilty towards him .
all the same , the image of his isolation [stayed] with her , and made her feel uneasy and even guilty towards him .

He was listening very carefully , for any exclamation , any indrawn breath , even , that would single out one person among these five ; but they remained anonymous in their concern and foreboding .
he was listening very carefully , for any exclamation , any indrawn breath , even , that would single out one person among these five ; but they [stayed] anonymous in their concern and foreboding .

The Roman city of Aurae Phiala remained closed to the public next day , and for several days following , an apologetic notice on the gate making known the fact to a largely indifferent general public .
the roman city of aurae phiala [stayed] closed to the public next day , and for several days following , an apologetic notice on the gate making known the fact to a largely indifferent general public .

Barnes reached a long arm over the ridge of fallen soil that remained in the mouth of the hole , and groped experimentally around within .
barnes reached a long arm over the ridge of fallen soil that [stayed] in the mouth of the hole , and groped experimentally around within .

The ship had left England with a crew of 36 but , as a result of desertions , only 19 remained and only 4 or 5 of them were able seamen .
the ship had left england with a crew of 36 but , as a result of desertions , only 19 [stayed] and only 4 or 5 of them were able seamen .

However , in this latter , the arts remained essentially unchanged with singing and drawing remaining the arts curriculum diet of pupils , whereas the opportunity was taken to advance curriculum change by the inclusion of science in the Code ( Gordon and Lawton , 1978 ; Dent , 1982 ) .
however , in this latter , the arts [stayed] essentially unchanged with singing and drawing remaining the arts curriculum diet of pupils , whereas the opportunity was taken to advance curriculum change by the inclusion of science in the code ( gordon and lawton , 1978 ; dent , 1982 ) .

As a result the mechanisms by which new teaching practices were disseminated during this period remained problematic .
as a result the mechanisms by which new teaching practices were disseminated during this period [stayed] problematic .

Theodora remained standing , polishing her reading glasses vigorously .
theodora [stayed] standing , polishing her reading glasses vigorously .

Sadly , if patiently , he came to recognize that , though he might be their Rector , he remained — and would , he feared , for some time remain — a foreigner first .
sadly , if patiently , he came to recognize that , though he might be their rector , he [stayed] — and would , he feared , for some time remain — a foreigner first .

One could not doze easily as one had done in Matt Stukely 's day for there was something too insistently personal in this new parson 's efforts to reach them ; yet they had remained stolidly unreached till now when the fervour of his exhortation spoke to them as with an angel 's tongue .
one could not doze easily as one had done in matt stukely 's day for there was something too insistently personal in this new parson 's efforts to reach them ; yet they had [stayed] stolidly unreached till now when the fervour of his exhortation spoke to them as with an angel 's tongue .

It was a relief therefore to make for the frozen shore where the parson was protesting that his wife would be safer and more comfortable if she remained in the carriage .
it was a relief therefore to make for the frozen shore where the parson was protesting that his wife would be safer and more comfortable if she [stayed] in the carriage .

Whatever pangs of grief and guilt and shame Emilia might suffer had remained locked inside her , an unapproachable wound .
whatever pangs of grief and guilt and shame emilia might suffer had [stayed] locked inside her , an unapproachable wound .

So little had been released from that tight grip , and there was so little natural affinity between them that , for all the hours they had spent in this room together , they remained strangers to one another .
so little had been released from that tight grip , and there was so little natural affinity between them that , for all the hours they had spent in this room together , they [stayed] strangers to one another .

That Emilia thought her a mere child revealed how little she understood ; but then Louisa herself had only limited comprehension of what remained dark and unspoken in this woman who studied her , almost coldly , summoning resolve .
that emilia thought her a mere child revealed how little she understood ; but then louisa herself had only limited comprehension of what [stayed] dark and unspoken in this woman who studied her , almost coldly , summoning resolve .

She was reflecting once more how her continued silence might preserve the unsought trust confided in her , but it remained a betrayal of her friendship for this man .
she was reflecting once more how her continued silence might preserve the unsought trust confided in her , but it [stayed] a betrayal of her friendship for this man .

The scenes were acted swiftly in her mind : when Frere turned in bewilderment to Emilia the woman would deny that any such confidence had been exchanged ; accused of mischief , Louisa would be forgiven by neither ; the ‘ intolerable slander ’ ( for such it would be called ) would furnish a pretext for Emilia 's immediate departure from Munding ; and Frere , if he remained , would be friendless .
the scenes were acted swiftly in her mind : when frere turned in bewilderment to emilia the woman would deny that any such confidence had been exchanged ; accused of mischief , louisa would be forgiven by neither ; the ‘ intolerable slander ’ ( for such it would be called ) would furnish a pretext for emilia 's immediate departure from munding ; and frere , if he [stayed] , would be friendless .

For Louisa this crucial moment of a woman 's life — ; the very act by which life itself was assured of continuity — ; remained a mystery .
for louisa this crucial moment of a woman 's life — ; the very act by which life itself was assured of continuity — ; [stayed] a mystery .

Gnomic , succinct , its puns and allusions introduced all the themes she must develop , yet it remained abstract enough for her mind to keep firm purchase on her errant feelings .
gnomic , succinct , its puns and allusions introduced all the themes she must develop , yet it [stayed] abstract enough for her mind to keep firm purchase on her errant feelings .

With what remained of her objective consciousness Louisa strove to tell herself that this encounter was not of her reality , not of her willing … but even as she struggled she felt herself drawn under the influence of a mind at once alien and familiar — a mind resolute to lacerate its own fine sensibility , and with a perverse , intellectual sang-froid .
with what [stayed] of her objective consciousness louisa strove to tell herself that this encounter was not of her reality , not of her willing … but even as she struggled she felt herself drawn under the influence of a mind at once alien and familiar — a mind resolute to lacerate its own fine sensibility , and with a perverse , intellectual sang-froid .

Nevertheless , the facts of the case were now plain enough in her spread : Madcap Agnew remained as much alive inside them as did the glorious seventeenth-century adept of the Art .
nevertheless , the facts of the case were now plain enough in her spread : madcap agnew [stayed] as much alive inside them as did the glorious seventeenth-century adept of the art .

Yet there the figure remained and was , in a way , still less acceptable , for the mean spirit it betrayed lacked stature .
yet there the figure [stayed] and was , in a way , still less acceptable , for the mean spirit it betrayed lacked stature .

However , the right of burial as the preserve of the more important churches remained stronger and persisted longer .
however , the right of burial as the preserve of the more important churches [stayed] stronger and persisted longer .

Its site has not altered and the chancel arch ( the division between the parishioners ' area [ the nave ] and the rector 's area [ the chancel ] ) has remained in the same position for 1000 years or more , notwithstanding additions , alterations , and demolitions .
its site has not altered and the chancel arch ( the division between the parishioners ' area [ the nave ] and the rector 's area [ the chancel ] ) has [stayed] in the same position for 1000 years or more , notwithstanding additions , alterations , and demolitions .

Some of these developed into villages , others remained the same , yet others disappeared or shrank to farmsteads or even smaller hamlets .
some of these developed into villages , others [stayed] the same , yet others disappeared or shrank to farmsteads or even smaller hamlets .

He rested his glass on the paunch now , regarded them owlishly , and gave the impression , as always , of someone who had not gone through the usual process of growing up , but had remained a toddler , magnified to the nth degree .
he rested his glass on the paunch now , regarded them owlishly , and gave the impression , as always , of someone who had not gone through the usual process of growing up , but had [stayed] a toddler , magnified to the nth degree .

Mrs Multhrop sped around after them , confusing matters more , Mr Multhrop sped after her and Araminta remained still , the cynosure of all eyes , smiling delightfully and of no practical help whatsoever .
mrs multhrop sped around after them , confusing matters more , mr multhrop sped after her and araminta [stayed] still , the cynosure of all eyes , smiling delightfully and of no practical help whatsoever .

His brain told him that all would be ready in time , yet anxiety remained .
his brain told him that all would be ready in time , yet anxiety [stayed] .

Oliver remained obstinately silent .
oliver [stayed] obstinately silent .

After her outburst , she now remained silent , darting odd looks of triumph at her betrayer .
after her outburst , she now [stayed] silent , darting odd looks of triumph at her betrayer .

Unfortunately he had n't repeated that success and Inspector he had remained , and would do so until he left the force .
unfortunately he had n't repeated that success and inspector he had [stayed] , and would do so until he left the force .

Rose remained diplomatically silent .
rose [stayed] diplomatically silent .

The ladies ' retiring room remained unused .
the ladies ' retiring room [stayed] unused .

Only James remained as abstracted as he had all day yesterday .
only james [stayed] as abstracted as he had all day yesterday .

The rest bobbed up and down at chin height , or remained by the bathing-machine steps .
the rest bobbed up and down at chin height , or [stayed] by the bathing-machine steps .

For almost a month she had remained in the house , eating and sleeping and sitting , submitting to Lyddy 's hairbrush , practising her daily ration at the piano , performing her daily ration upon tapestry canvas , running endless little errands for Aunt Emily , trying to make her handwriting more ladylike , her movements more graceful .
for almost a month she had [stayed] in the house , eating and sleeping and sitting , submitting to lyddy 's hairbrush , practising her daily ration at the piano , performing her daily ration upon tapestry canvas , running endless little errands for aunt emily , trying to make her handwriting more ladylike , her movements more graceful .

The first group remained unmoved , the second group were more aggressive and the third group even more so , proving the influence of aggressive acts on young children .
the first group [stayed] unmoved , the second group were more aggressive and the third group even more so , proving the influence of aggressive acts on young children .

The motorcyclist beat this time by five minutes , but conditions were unusual ; many institutions such as the University and the Art College remained closed for a second day of holiday , which meant traffic was unusually light .
the motorcyclist beat this time by five minutes , but conditions were unusual ; many institutions such as the university and the art college [stayed] closed for a second day of holiday , which meant traffic was unusually light .

Charles 's position in the family remained that of younger brother almost throughout his life .
charles 's position in the family [stayed] that of younger brother almost throughout his life .

Hence the mansi remained absi , in the sense of not having a dwelling on them , since those who worked them came out from existing farms and it was from those that dues were paid .
hence the mansi [stayed] absi , in the sense of not having a dwelling on them , since those who worked them came out from existing farms and it was from those that dues were paid .

Even if mansi absi , or aprisiones , or hospitia , as a proportion of the total number of holdings in any area , remained small , they were a sign of `` dynamism `` particularly visible in the heartland of the kingdom of Charles the Bald .
even if mansi absi , or aprisiones , or hospitia , as a proportion of the total number of holdings in any area , [stayed] small , they were a sign of `` dynamism `` particularly visible in the heartland of the kingdom of charles the bald .

But by the reign of Charles the Bald , while the court remained a large consumer , demand had spread more widely among the elite , and cash transactions multiplied in the countryside .
but by the reign of charles the bald , while the court [stayed] a large consumer , demand had spread more widely among the elite , and cash transactions multiplied in the countryside .

The miracle-stories quoted above indicate that this was a coin-using peasant society : every household wanted coins some of the time — notably when it came to Martinmas ( 11 November ) , the customary time for paying dues to landlords ( as it remained in the nineteenth century ) .
the miracle-stories quoted above indicate that this was a coin-using peasant society : every household wanted coins some of the time — notably when it came to martinmas ( 11 november ) , the customary time for paying dues to landlords ( as it [stayed] in the nineteenth century ) .

Though the direct consumption of the product of royal estates remained important , the extent to which Charles was a migratory king has been exaggerated .
though the direct consumption of the product of royal estates [stayed] important , the extent to which charles was a migratory king has been exaggerated .

He did not elaborate on the usual roles played by a king 's sons , who in fact were expected from an early age to join in their father 's business , as envoys and generals , counsellors as long as they remained in their father 's household , and rulers of sub-kingdoms as and when regna were available .
he did not elaborate on the usual roles played by a king 's sons , who in fact were expected from an early age to join in their father 's business , as envoys and generals , counsellors as long as they [stayed] in their father 's household , and rulers of sub-kingdoms as and when regna were available .

Charles the Bald remained the villain of the piece .
charles the bald [stayed] the villain of the piece .

In his own sons , Charlemagne 's fortunes were mixed : the eldest rebelled and was incarcerated ; the ambitions of the remaining three legitimate sons were contained when each received a substantial part of the empire to rule while Charlemagne remained in overall charge .
in his own sons , charlemagne 's fortunes were mixed : the eldest rebelled and was incarcerated ; the ambitions of the remaining three legitimate sons were contained when each received a substantial part of the empire to rule while charlemagne [stayed] in overall charge .

He may , like his father , have had a wetnurse ( though his father as one of twins was atypical ) , and if so he may not have remained with Judith when , for instance , she travelled to Rouen to meet her husband in November 824 .
he may , like his father , have had a wetnurse ( though his father as one of twins was atypical ) , and if so he may not have [stayed] with judith when , for instance , she travelled to rouen to meet her husband in november 824 .

On the other hand , there is enough evidence to show that Louis the Pious remained in personal control of political and military affairs .
on the other hand , there is enough evidence to show that louis the pious [stayed] in personal control of political and military affairs .

Lothar remained in central Francia , perhaps tightening his grip on the region east of the Charbonnière .
lothar [stayed] in central francia , perhaps tightening his grip on the region east of the charbonnière .

The two main frontier posts with France — Irun-Hendaye at the western end of the Pyrenees , and Port Bou at the eastern extreme — remained in government hands , thus ensuring the Republic 's surface communications with its European neighbours .
the two main frontier posts with france — irun-hendaye at the western end of the pyrenees , and port bou at the eastern extreme — [stayed] in government hands , thus ensuring the republic 's surface communications with its european neighbours .

Finally , the bulk of the Airforce had remained loyal to the government , as had the frontier police and the Civil Guard in Madrid , Barcelona and Valencia .
finally , the bulk of the airforce had [stayed] loyal to the government , as had the frontier police and the civil guard in madrid , barcelona and valencia .

Thanks to the German and Italian aid , Franco was able substantially to increase the number of troops being transported daily from Morocco to Spain , while the Republic remained apparently unable to stop him .
thanks to the german and italian aid , franco was able substantially to increase the number of troops being transported daily from morocco to spain , while the republic [stayed] apparently unable to stop him .

In the Republican zone , power remained in civilian hands and democratic forms were maintained until the end .
in the republican zone , power [stayed] in civilian hands and democratic forms were maintained until the end .

It was perhaps partly for this reason that on 21 September he ordered General Enrique Varela ( who had taken over from Yagüe when the latter became ill ) to make a detour to Toledo , to relieve what remained of nearly 2,000 Nationalists who had been besieged in the giant fortress — the alcazar — since the end of July .
it was perhaps partly for this reason that on 21 september he ordered general enrique varela ( who had taken over from yagüe when the latter became ill ) to make a detour to toledo , to relieve what [stayed] of nearly 2,000 nationalists who had been besieged in the giant fortress — the alcazar — since the end of july .

There remained the question of the strength of Republican defences .
there [stayed] the question of the strength of republican defences .

Madrid and the road to Valencia remained in Republican hands , but the Nationalists had pushed the front line forward a few kilometres and were dangerously close to the Madrid-Valencia road .
madrid and the road to valencia [stayed] in republican hands , but the nationalists had pushed the front line forward a few kilometres and were dangerously close to the madrid-valencia road .

The government appointed in January 1938 remained in office for the rest of the war .
the government appointed in january 1938 [stayed] in office for the rest of the war .

Of those who remained , thousands were rounded up and imprisoned .
of those who [stayed] , thousands were rounded up and imprisoned .

In addition , those rivalries enabled him in peacetime to go on playing his wartime role of common denominator ; the arbiter who remained detached from conflicts of particular interests ; the provider of unity .
in addition , those rivalries enabled him in peacetime to go on playing his wartime role of common denominator ; the arbiter who [stayed] detached from conflicts of particular interests ; the provider of unity .

Spanish industry , by contrast , was situated almost entirely in areas which had remained loyal to the Republic .
spanish industry , by contrast , was situated almost entirely in areas which had [stayed] loyal to the republic .

In so doing , he avoided committing himself too early externally and , at the same time , remained above the fray at home .
in so doing , he avoided committing himself too early externally and , at the same time , [stayed] above the fray at home .

Jaime `` and `` Isabelita Churruca `` were , like Nicolás and Pilar Franco , characters who remained in the background but , nonetheless , were exemplary Spaniards and Catholics . ``
jaime `` and `` isabelita churruca `` were , like nicolás and pilar franco , characters who [stayed] in the background but , nonetheless , were exemplary spaniards and catholics . ``

His comrades in arms had made their views known to him quite openly and , in any case , he could not have remained ignorant in a country so full of informers , police and intelligence services as Spain then was .
his comrades in arms had made their views known to him quite openly and , in any case , he could not have [stayed] ignorant in a country so full of informers , police and intelligence services as spain then was .

The Cortes had been opened in 1943 to ensure that `` the contrast of opinions `` remained within certain limits , but this was an action far exceeding those limits .
the cortes had been opened in 1943 to ensure that `` the contrast of opinions `` [stayed] within certain limits , but this was an action far exceeding those limits .

Franco remained unperturbed , even satisfied .
franco [stayed] unperturbed , even satisfied .

His mouth remained closed in favour of the second mouth conveniently nearer the lungs .
his mouth [stayed] closed in favour of the second mouth conveniently nearer the lungs .

If we consider briefly the effect of bombing on that section of the community that was potentially the most vulnerable — the children we can see that again the effects varied . Studies and personal observations by teachers , social workers and school medical officers during the war emphasised the children 's remarkable ability to maintain emotional equilibrium if they remained in the company of cheerful parents : a typical report by one school medical officer to the Board of Education stated :
if we consider briefly the effect of bombing on that section of the community that was potentially the most vulnerable — the children we can see that again the effects varied . studies and personal observations by teachers , social workers and school medical officers during the war emphasised the children 's remarkable ability to maintain emotional equilibrium if they [stayed] in the company of cheerful parents : a typical report by one school medical officer to the board of education stated :

By the end of February 1940 , out of 3 million people in the priority classes ( of which only 1,165,000 had actually taken part in the evacuation ) a mere 477,000 remained in the safe reception areas .
by the end of february 1940 , out of 3 million people in the priority classes ( of which only 1,165,000 had actually taken part in the evacuation ) a mere 477,000 [stayed] in the safe reception areas .

Obtaining a representative sample of children to study in early 1940 was well nigh impossible : were those children who remained in billets in February 1940 a tiny minority who had enjoyed the evacuation experience , who liked country life , who had kindly hosts , who did not suffer homesickness , or who were being exceptionally well fed by their hosts ?
obtaining a representative sample of children to study in early 1940 was well nigh impossible : were those children who [stayed] in billets in february 1940 a tiny minority who had enjoyed the evacuation experience , who liked country life , who had kindly hosts , who did not suffer homesickness , or who were being exceptionally well fed by their hosts ?

Although laissez-faire was by no means discarded in the 1930s and the dead hand of economic orthodoxy , particularly in fiscal matters remained strong , there were signs of change in the stance of government in some areas .
although laissez-faire was by no means discarded in the 1930s and the dead hand of economic orthodoxy , particularly in fiscal matters [stayed] strong , there were signs of change in the stance of government in some areas .

While the government remained wedded to budgetary orthodoxy , it was by 1938 allocating over a quarter of the budget to defence , prefiguring the even greater commitments after war 's outbreak .
while the government [stayed] wedded to budgetary orthodoxy , it was by 1938 allocating over a quarter of the budget to defence , prefiguring the even greater commitments after war 's outbreak .

Keynes and the economists in the Cabinet Office worked on estimating the size of the gap which remained to be closed , and the 1941 budget incorporated their approach .
keynes and the economists in the cabinet office worked on estimating the size of the gap which [stayed] to be closed , and the 1941 budget incorporated their approach .

This was partly because Sir Horace Wilson , a close adviser of Chamberlain and greatly disliked by Churchill and the Labour Party , remained its official head until 1942 .
this was partly because sir horace wilson , a close adviser of chamberlain and greatly disliked by churchill and the labour party , [stayed] its official head until 1942 .

Wartime opinion surveys showed consistently , however , that unemployment remained a matter of concern .
wartime opinion surveys showed consistently , however , that unemployment [stayed] a matter of concern .

The public 's ideas for providing full employment were coloured by the success of wartime planning , but they remained largely the notions of the years before the war , as Table 1 , compiled immediately following the publication of the Beveridge report in December 1942 , shows : a public works programme was mentioned four times as frequently as socialism , which was less popular than solutions based on reducing the amount of work to be done by individuals , and in the number wanting work .
the public 's ideas for providing full employment were coloured by the success of wartime planning , but they [stayed] largely the notions of the years before the war , as table 1 , compiled immediately following the publication of the beveridge report in december 1942 , shows : a public works programme was mentioned four times as frequently as socialism , which was less popular than solutions based on reducing the amount of work to be done by individuals , and in the number wanting work .

The Treasury accepted that a five-year programme of public investment should be planned , and that if it failed to prove adequate to secure full employment , then changes in taxes to encourage private investment and consumption should be made , but the question of budget deficits remained a bone of contention and was fudged in the report .
the treasury accepted that a five-year programme of public investment should be planned , and that if it failed to prove adequate to secure full employment , then changes in taxes to encourage private investment and consumption should be made , but the question of budget deficits [stayed] a bone of contention and was fudged in the report .

The tension between Keynesian and socialist viewpoints remained latent .
the tension between keynesian and socialist viewpoints [stayed] latent .

The intelligence test was seen as the direct means of overcoming class difference in access to schooling — although this remained a means of social reform , not reform itself .
the intelligence test was seen as the direct means of overcoming class difference in access to schooling — although this [stayed] a means of social reform , not reform itself .

The plans for reform in the Board of Education Green Book , the White Paper and the Bill as eventually published showed increasingly less sign of any such holistic enterprise — and ensured that social stratification remained safe within the educational system .
the plans for reform in the board of education green book , the white paper and the bill as eventually published showed increasingly less sign of any such holistic enterprise — and ensured that social stratification [stayed] safe within the educational system .

The number of working-class children also rose , but the relative proportions remained approximately the same .
the number of working-class children also rose , but the relative proportions [stayed] approximately the same .

Once again it proved possible to aggregate the responses into the same six categories , a comparison with Tables 4.5 and 5.4 shows that the use of response categories by subjects has remained remarkably constant throughout the three recognition experiments .
once again it proved possible to aggregate the responses into the same six categories , a comparison with tables 4.5 and 5.4 shows that the use of response categories by subjects has [stayed] remarkably constant throughout the three recognition experiments .

The overall level of driving-unrelated report remained approximately constant between these three road types ( although there were substantial differences in the actual categories used ) .
the overall level of driving-unrelated report [stayed] approximately constant between these three road types ( although there were substantial differences in the actual categories used ) .

Although the markets served by those businesses remained at a low level throughout 1992 , it is believed that our European aggregates businesses will become a significant contributor to the Group in the medium term .
although the markets served by those businesses [stayed] at a low level throughout 1992 , it is believed that our european aggregates businesses will become a significant contributor to the group in the medium term .

Wimpey Construction Canada , now part of International Operations , and McNamara Construction , processed an increased level of enquiries in 1992 , but the value of work awarded remained at the same level as 1991 .
wimpey construction canada , now part of international operations , and mcnamara construction , processed an increased level of enquiries in 1992 , but the value of work awarded [stayed] at the same level as 1991 .

Rumours abounded about the Royston side — they could not raise a team , then they could raise a team but it consisted entirely of old men ! Finally we were told that a team had been formed but that it contained no skilful players , we remained sceptical !
rumours abounded about the royston side — they could not raise a team , then they could raise a team but it consisted entirely of old men ! finally we were told that a team had been formed but that it contained no skilful players , we [stayed] sceptical !

It remained for a moment , a definite form , before moving off at a half-crouched , shambling run to hide behind one of the gravestones .
it [stayed] for a moment , a definite form , before moving off at a half-crouched , shambling run to hide behind one of the gravestones .

The match resumed and the two sides remained locked in fairly even combat until , in the last few minutes , a goal-mouth scramble enabled the home team to snatch the solitary goal and two points that would take them nowhere near the top of their league .
the match resumed and the two sides [stayed] locked in fairly even combat until , in the last few minutes , a goal-mouth scramble enabled the home team to snatch the solitary goal and two points that would take them nowhere near the top of their league .

Lothar remained grateful to him , praising his knowledge and , as pope , conferring benefices on him .
lothar [stayed] grateful to him , praising his knowledge and , as pope , conferring benefices on him .

Parisian influences remained strong throughout his life .
parisian influences [stayed] strong throughout his life .

Other cities where papal government might have settled were on important trade routes which might have added to the pope 's powers and security : but Rome remained the favoured city of the popes and , in spite of all the difficulties of controlling the city , the senate and the people , the popes were prepared to suffer all sorts of indignities in order to stay in Rome . ``
other cities where papal government might have settled were on important trade routes which might have added to the pope 's powers and security : but rome [stayed] the favoured city of the popes and , in spite of all the difficulties of controlling the city , the senate and the people , the popes were prepared to suffer all sorts of indignities in order to stay in rome . ``

Conrad , who had remained faithful to his oath to Frederick , achieved a six-month truce and the setting up of a tribunal , consisting of eight princes from each side , which was to meet under his presidency between Andernach and Coblenz on 28 July 1200 .
conrad , who had [stayed] faithful to his oath to frederick , achieved a six-month truce and the setting up of a tribunal , consisting of eight princes from each side , which was to meet under his presidency between andernach and coblenz on 28 july 1200 .

But doubt remained among them and many of them continued to think that the legitimately elected king was Philip .
but doubt [stayed] among them and many of them continued to think that the legitimately elected king was philip .

Lupold was never acceptable to the pope ( to whom he remained the bishop of Worms who had transferred himself to Mainz without papal licence ) and when at the end of 1204 Philip saw hope of victory he made a bad move by sending Lupold to Italy .
lupold was never acceptable to the pope ( to whom he [stayed] the bishop of worms who had transferred himself to mainz without papal licence ) and when at the end of 1204 philip saw hope of victory he made a bad move by sending lupold to italy .

As long as he remained bishop of Rome the pope belonged in Rome .
as long as he [stayed] bishop of rome the pope belonged in rome .

The Hungarians had good reason to feel aggrieved , particularly when , despite papal guarantees , the crusaders destroyed Zara in 1204 , and because they had remained firm in their support , together with the neighbouring king of Bohemia , for Otto of Brunswick .
the hungarians had good reason to feel aggrieved , particularly when , despite papal guarantees , the crusaders destroyed zara in 1204 , and because they had [stayed] firm in their support , together with the neighbouring king of bohemia , for otto of brunswick .

The traditional view of the emperor as the protector and defender of the Roman Church and of the regalia of St Peter , as expressed in the emperor 's oath , remained an essential element in Innocent 's thought .
the traditional view of the emperor as the protector and defender of the roman church and of the regalia of st peter , as expressed in the emperor 's oath , [stayed] an essential element in innocent 's thought .

All over Europe it remained the one really insoluble problem and archbishops and bishops from Lund and Tournai in the north to Arles in the south of France and Gniezno in the east were ordered to deprive incontinent priests of their benefices and stop clerical benefices being transferred from father to son .
all over europe it [stayed] the one really insoluble problem and archbishops and bishops from lund and tournai in the north to arles in the south of france and gniezno in the east were ordered to deprive incontinent priests of their benefices and stop clerical benefices being transferred from father to son .

He had also taken the precaution of seeking legal advice in Bologna , where he remained for six months , attending lectures daily in canon and Roman law .
he had also taken the precaution of seeking legal advice in bologna , where he [stayed] for six months , attending lectures daily in canon and roman law .

In the present study , the terminology used in indexes has remained very constant over the whole period , but words used in thesis titles have reflected paradigm shifts , both within sub-disciplines and in the larger subject area .
in the present study , the terminology used in indexes has [stayed] very constant over the whole period , but words used in thesis titles have reflected paradigm shifts , both within sub-disciplines and in the larger subject area .

Brookes introduced the concept of ‘ periodical utility ’ , which he defined as the number of references a paper could be expected to attract in its particular library context during the period it remained in the library .
brookes introduced the concept of ‘ periodical utility ’ , which he defined as the number of references a paper could be expected to attract in its particular library context during the period it [stayed] in the library .

The ship ended her seagoing life when she was berthed in the West Old Dock , Leith , in 1928 where she remained until moved to the Newcastle Quay in 1969 .
the ship ended her seagoing life when she was berthed in the west old dock , leith , in 1928 where she [stayed] until moved to the newcastle quay in 1969 .

Leith remained active throughout the period of the first World War but traffic decreased from 4.8 million tons in 1913 to 1.7 million tons by 1918 .
leith [stayed] active throughout the period of the first world war but traffic decreased from 4.8 million tons in 1913 to 1.7 million tons by 1918 .

Though the whole population remained the focus of interest , sampling techniques enabled it to be studied economically .
though the whole population [stayed] the focus of interest , sampling techniques enabled it to be studied economically .

She remained silent , content to hold him and be held .
she [stayed] silent , content to hold him and be held .

Only Lord Middleton 's , which hunted all around Thorpe and which had turned her down , remained silent — the one hunt , above all others , that she longed to join .
only lord middleton 's , which hunted all around thorpe and which had turned her down , [stayed] silent — the one hunt , above all others , that she longed to join .

If they could be cleared , there was some hope for the country ; while they remained , there was none .
if they could be cleared , there was some hope for the country ; while they [stayed] , there was none .

The `` final objective of building a Communist society `` remained in place , however , as did `` an economic system based on the socialist ownership by all people of the basic means of production `` , but observers noted the introduction of `` basic `` as a qualifier .
the `` final objective of building a communist society `` [stayed] in place , however , as did `` an economic system based on the socialist ownership by all people of the basic means of production `` , but observers noted the introduction of `` basic `` as a qualifier .

There was some progress in Japan 's relationship with Russia , which remained dominated by the issue of the disputed Northern Territories .
there was some progress in japan 's relationship with russia , which [stayed] dominated by the issue of the disputed northern territories .

On July 29 a Croatian report cited figures from the Bosnian health centre that to date 8,018 had been killed in the fighting and 100,000 were said to be in " concentration camps " , reports of which remained unconfirmed .
on july 29 a croatian report cited figures from the bosnian health centre that to date 8,018 had been killed in the fighting and 100,000 were said to be in " concentration camps " , reports of which [stayed] unconfirmed .

The situation remained confused , however , as Armenia claimed successful counterattacks in late July .
the situation [stayed] confused , however , as armenia claimed successful counterattacks in late july .

Although the ceasefire appeared to be holding , a political settlement remained elusive .
although the ceasefire appeared to be holding , a political settlement [stayed] elusive .

Some 2,000 to 4,000 students , lecturers and university workers remained inside , refusing to leave and to submit to searches at the exits to the campus .
some 2,000 to 4,000 students , lecturers and university workers [stayed] inside , refusing to leave and to submit to searches at the exits to the campus .

In 1992 the death penalty remained in force in 106 countries , among them China , which was censured by the report for authorizing the execution of more than 1,000 people in 1991 .
in 1992 the death penalty [stayed] in force in 106 countries , among them china , which was censured by the report for authorizing the execution of more than 1,000 people in 1991 .

Giotto was launched in July 1985 and almost 70 per cent of its original instruments remained intact .
giotto was launched in july 1985 and almost 70 per cent of its original instruments [stayed] intact .

Civil servants remained on strike following a call on April 29 by the five main unions for an unlimited stoppage .
civil servants [stayed] on strike following a call on april 29 by the five main unions for an unlimited stoppage .

Despite similar appeals by government officials , public discontent remained at a high level , and most workers continued their strike .
despite similar appeals by government officials , public discontent [stayed] at a high level , and most workers continued their strike .

The enactment of both provisions remained far from certain , however , as they were attached to a campaign finance bill which had yet to receive congressional assent and which faced a threatened veto from President Bush .
the enactment of both provisions [stayed] far from certain , however , as they were attached to a campaign finance bill which had yet to receive congressional assent and which faced a threatened veto from president bush .

Martial law had remained in effect on the islands after it had been lifted throughout the rest of Taiwan in mid-1987 [ see pp .
martial law had [stayed] in effect on the islands after it had been lifted throughout the rest of taiwan in mid-1987 [ see pp .

Officials in Cambodian hospitals reported a fall in the number of casualties admitted with gunshot or shell wounds ; the numbers admitted with injuries from landmines remained the same .
officials in cambodian hospitals reported a fall in the number of casualties admitted with gunshot or shell wounds ; the numbers admitted with injuries from landmines [stayed] the same .

Foremost amongst the measures proposed in the latter instance was increased Aboriginal access to land , an issue upon which little progress had been made — with the possible exception of the sparsely populated Northern Territory — and which remained at the heart of much Aboriginal discontent .
foremost amongst the measures proposed in the latter instance was increased aboriginal access to land , an issue upon which little progress had been made — with the possible exception of the sparsely populated northern territory — and which [stayed] at the heart of much aboriginal discontent .

Key portfolios remained largely unchanged in the new Council of Ministers appointed on May 16 .
key portfolios [stayed] largely unchanged in the new council of ministers appointed on may 16 .

For milk the 2 per cent quota cut remained as proposed .
for milk the 2 per cent quota cut [stayed] as proposed .

On May 8 Sami Abdul-Rahman , a member of the delegation [ see p. 38127 ] , said that " the talks [ were ] going on in a positive spirit " , although questions relating to international guarantees for an accord and Kurdish control over the oil-producing town of Kirkuk remained unresolved .
on may 8 sami abdul-rahman , a member of the delegation [ see p. 38127 ] , said that " the talks [ were ] going on in a positive spirit " , although questions relating to international guarantees for an accord and kurdish control over the oil-producing town of kirkuk [stayed] unresolved .

On May 15 Talabani had hinted that the question of democracy remained a major issue in the way of an accord .
on may 15 talabani had hinted that the question of democracy [stayed] a major issue in the way of an accord .

Of the 99 deputies elected in 1972 , only 67 remained in the current Assembly , which was based on a 6:5 Christian : Moslem ratio ( although Christians were in a minority within the population as a whole ) .
of the 99 deputies elected in 1972 , only 67 [stayed] in the current assembly , which was based on a 6:5 christian : moslem ratio ( although christians were in a minority within the population as a whole ) .

Speaking on Soviet television on May 22 , Moiseyev acknowledged that although " a certain amount of understanding was achieved " , problems remained " regarding the naval forces " .
speaking on soviet television on may 22 , moiseyev acknowledged that although " a certain amount of understanding was achieved " , problems [stayed] " regarding the naval forces " .

Despite months of discussion , however , the negotiations remained deadlocked [ see p. 37646 ] .
despite months of discussion , however , the negotiations [stayed] deadlocked [ see p. 37646 ] .

By the end of 1990 it was generally accepted that the economy had entered a period of recession , although there remained significant differences over the depth and the likely duration of the downturn .
by the end of 1990 it was generally accepted that the economy had entered a period of recession , although there [stayed] significant differences over the depth and the likely duration of the downturn .

Eddy Fernandez Boada replaced Antonio Esquivel Yedra in September as Minister of Light Industry , although Esquivel remained a Vice President of the Council of Ministers .
eddy fernandez boada replaced antonio esquivel yedra in september as minister of light industry , although esquivel [stayed] a vice president of the council of ministers .

Legislative and local elections were held in March 1991 , when the ruling Arena lost its overall majority but remained the largest single party [ see p. 38093 ] .
legislative and local elections were held in march 1991 , when the ruling arena lost its overall majority but [stayed] the largest single party [ see p. 38093 ] .

Elections to Trinidad and Tobago 's seven county councils and four municipal councils , constitutionally due in mid-September , were postponed owing to the confusion created by the coup attempt and the resulting curfew , which remained in place until Aug. 21 .
elections to trinidad and tobago 's seven county councils and four municipal councils , constitutionally due in mid-september , were postponed owing to the confusion created by the coup attempt and the resulting curfew , which [stayed] in place until aug. 21 .

37912-13 ] and although new elections were held on May 25 , 1991 , the constitutional implications remained uncertain [ see p. 38188 ] .
37912-13 ] and although new elections were held on may 25 , 1991 , the constitutional implications [stayed] uncertain [ see p. 38188 ] .

Copper prices remained unstable .
copper prices [stayed] unstable .

Except for a brief period in September and October when prices threatened to fall to below $ 400 , platinum remained close to $ 500 an ounce for much of the year .
except for a brief period in september and october when prices threatened to fall to below $ 400 , platinum [stayed] close to $ 500 an ounce for much of the year .

In most countries , damage to spruce remained stable or decreased slightly , although a notable deterioration was recorded in Czechoslovakia , Lithuania and Poland .
in most countries , damage to spruce [stayed] stable or decreased slightly , although a notable deterioration was recorded in czechoslovakia , lithuania and poland .

While the condition of pine remained generally unchanged , Bulgaria , East Germany , Hungary , Lithuania , the Netherlands , Portugal , and Switzerland showed a deteriorating trend for older trees .
while the condition of pine [stayed] generally unchanged , bulgaria , east germany , hungary , lithuania , the netherlands , portugal , and switzerland showed a deteriorating trend for older trees .

The situation for silver fir remained critical .
the situation for silver fir [stayed] critical .

37437 ; 37932 ; 38219 ] was also unpopular among many officials involved in the space programme ; they felt that it devalued the space programme at a time when the Zenit and Energia super boosters remained grounded with technical problems [ see p. 37797 ] and the first manned mission of the Soviet Buran shuttle had been postponed , at least to 1993 .
37437 ; 37932 ; 38219 ] was also unpopular among many officials involved in the space programme ; they felt that it devalued the space programme at a time when the zenit and energia super boosters [stayed] grounded with technical problems [ see p. 37797 ] and the first manned mission of the soviet buran shuttle had been postponed , at least to 1993 .

Although Robert Teeter remained as the nominal head of the Bush campaign , it was generally acknowledged that Baker would use his new post to exercise overall and ultimate responsibility for the campaign and attempt to provide it with a greater degree of coherence .
although robert teeter [stayed] as the nominal head of the bush campaign , it was generally acknowledged that baker would use his new post to exercise overall and ultimate responsibility for the campaign and attempt to provide it with a greater degree of coherence .

Guillermo Ford Boyd resigned his post as Planning and Economic Policy Minister , it was reported locally on Aug. 28 , but remained Second Vice-President .
guillermo ford boyd resigned his post as planning and economic policy minister , it was reported locally on aug. 28 , but [stayed] second vice-president .

Such participation remained in doubt following the breakdown of the first talks since the coup , on Aug. 16-18 , between the government and main opposition parties .
such participation [stayed] in doubt following the breakdown of the first talks since the coup , on aug. 16-18 , between the government and main opposition parties .

Some were evacuated to other locations on Aug. 24 ; many of those who remained in the building were Vietnamese .
some were evacuated to other locations on aug. 24 ; many of those who [stayed] in the building were vietnamese .

Stefanos Manos remained at the National Economy Ministry , but now assumed responsibility for Finance also , in a move to facilitate the process of economic reform .
stefanos manos [stayed] at the national economy ministry , but now assumed responsibility for finance also , in a move to facilitate the process of economic reform .

By Aug. 19 the town was under curfew , and access to journalists remained restricted for several days .
by aug. 19 the town was under curfew , and access to journalists [stayed] restricted for several days .

While the other principal ministers remained unchanged , there were five new appointments , the most significant being that of Abderrahim Harrouchi as the Minister of Health .
while the other principal ministers [stayed] unchanged , there were five new appointments , the most significant being that of abderrahim harrouchi as the minister of health .

At the close of the meeting President Dos Santos reported that a number of issues remained unresolved .
at the close of the meeting president dos santos reported that a number of issues [stayed] unresolved .

The key portfolios — Petroleum Resources , Finance and Economic Planning , and External Affairs — remained unchanged in the new Cabinet , which included two new ministers : Clement Akpamgbo ( Minister of Justice and Attorney General ) , hitherto president of the Nigerian Bar Association , and Sam Oyovbaire ( Minister of Information and Culture ) , hitherto adviser to the Vice-President .
the key portfolios — petroleum resources , finance and economic planning , and external affairs — [stayed] unchanged in the new cabinet , which included two new ministers : clement akpamgbo ( minister of justice and attorney general ) , hitherto president of the nigerian bar association , and sam oyovbaire ( minister of information and culture ) , hitherto adviser to the vice-president .

Many details within the 1,600 page budget document remained unclear .
many details within the 1,600 page budget document [stayed] unclear .

By the end of the month his position in the polls showed that he remained ahead of his Democratic rivals and had recovered some of the ground lost during the early phase of the scandal .
by the end of the month his position in the polls showed that he [stayed] ahead of his democratic rivals and had recovered some of the ground lost during the early phase of the scandal .

Only three of Armenia 's fleet of seven helicopters remained , the rest having been shot down by Azerbaijani forces claiming that they were used for military purposes .
only three of armenia 's fleet of seven helicopters [stayed] , the rest having been shot down by azerbaijani forces claiming that they were used for military purposes .

Koskotas himself remained in a prison awaiting trial on major fraud charges .
koskotas himself [stayed] in a prison awaiting trial on major fraud charges .

It was reported that Yazov , Kryuchkov , Baklanov and Tizyakov had flown to meet Gorbachev in the Crimea , where Gorbachev had had them arrested ( his 32-strong bodyguard having remained with him ) .
it was reported that yazov , kryuchkov , baklanov and tizyakov had flown to meet gorbachev in the crimea , where gorbachev had had them arrested ( his 32-strong bodyguard having [stayed] with him ) .

On Aug. 9 , the conference suspended the Constitution , stripping President Ali Saibou of his executive power , although he remained head of state .
on aug. 9 , the conference suspended the constitution , stripping president ali saibou of his executive power , although he [stayed] head of state .

Under the terms of the new law ( much of which remained classified ) covert action was defined as any `` activity or activities of the United States government to influence political , economic or military conditions abroad , where it is intended that the role of the United States government will not be acknowledged or apparent `` .
under the terms of the new law ( much of which [stayed] classified ) covert action was defined as any `` activity or activities of the united states government to influence political , economic or military conditions abroad , where it is intended that the role of the united states government will not be acknowledged or apparent `` .

The only declared candidate for the nomination remained former Senator Paul Tsongas , from Massachusetts [ see pp .
the only declared candidate for the nomination [stayed] former senator paul tsongas , from massachusetts [ see pp .

As was the case throughout the 1988 nomination process , the role of New York Governor Mario Cuomo remained uncertain .
as was the case throughout the 1988 nomination process , the role of new york governor mario cuomo [stayed] uncertain .

Although the contents of the meeting remained classified , it was thought that much of the discussion focused upon North Korea 's highly secretive nuclear programme .
although the contents of the meeting [stayed] classified , it was thought that much of the discussion focused upon north korea 's highly secretive nuclear programme .

His predecessor remained a formidable presence in government ( in the role of `` Senior Minister `` ) , and many believed that Goh 's tenure in office would continue only until such time as the former leader 's son , Brig .
his predecessor [stayed] a formidable presence in government ( in the role of `` senior minister `` ) , and many believed that goh 's tenure in office would continue only until such time as the former leader 's son , brig .

Italian television on Aug. 18 said that only 154 of the refugees remained .
italian television on aug. 18 said that only 154 of the refugees [stayed] .

The Federal Police Corps for Investigation and certain special units remained , however , under Interior Ministry control .
the federal police corps for investigation and certain special units [stayed] , however , under interior ministry control .

Attempts by the United States to organize a Middle East peace conference remained deadlocked at the end of August .
attempts by the united states to organize a middle east peace conference [stayed] deadlocked at the end of august .

Eventually the issue was resolved — although the constitutional position remained unclear — when , on Jan. 12 , both houses produced majorities in favour of the use of force .
eventually the issue was resolved — although the constitutional position [stayed] unclear — when , on jan. 12 , both houses produced majorities in favour of the use of force .

In spite of peace negotiations between the two sides , access to relief for the estimated 500,000 to 700,000 people behind rebel lines remained a critical problem .
in spite of peace negotiations between the two sides , access to relief for the estimated 500,000 to 700,000 people behind rebel lines [stayed] a critical problem .

Construction and Public Works ( formerly Housing and Public Utilities ) went to Osman Abd al-Gadir ; Health ( formerly Health and Social Security ) went to Shakir el-Sarrag ; States ' Affairs Co-ordination ( formerly Local Government and the Co-ordination of Regional Affairs ) remained the responsibility of Natali Yanku Ambu .
construction and public works ( formerly housing and public utilities ) went to osman abd al-gadir ; health ( formerly health and social security ) went to shakir el-sarrag ; states ' affairs co-ordination ( formerly local government and the co-ordination of regional affairs ) [stayed] the responsibility of natali yanku ambu .

Elections were held on Jan. 27 to nine National Assembly seats which had remained vacant since the May 1989 elections , when the relevant voting papers were spoiled or destroyed , and also to 170 local government posts .
elections were held on jan. 27 to nine national assembly seats which had [stayed] vacant since the may 1989 elections , when the relevant voting papers were spoiled or destroyed , and also to 170 local government posts .

On Jan. 1 Bhanu Pratap Singh resigned as Governor of Karnataka and was replaced by Khurshid Alam Khan , governor of Goa , who also remained in the latter post .
on jan. 1 bhanu pratap singh resigned as governor of karnataka and was replaced by khurshid alam khan , governor of goa , who also [stayed] in the latter post .

The state of emergency in the city remained in force .
the state of emergency in the city [stayed] in force .

Of the approximately 3,409,000 eligible voters , 10 per cent were overseas residents and 394,000 were Israeli Arabs ( although the majority of the 150,000 East Jerusalem Arabs had refused Israeli citizenship and the 1,750,000 West Bank and Gaza strip Palestinians remained unenfranchised ) .
of the approximately 3,409,000 eligible voters , 10 per cent were overseas residents and 394,000 were israeli arabs ( although the majority of the 150,000 east jerusalem arabs had refused israeli citizenship and the 1,750,000 west bank and gaza strip palestinians [stayed] unenfranchised ) .

Although Clinton expressed his disapproval of private investigations of public lives , he remained largely aloof from the Perot-Bush exchanges , stating that he was content to `` let them play it out `` .
although clinton expressed his disapproval of private investigations of public lives , he [stayed] largely aloof from the perot-bush exchanges , stating that he was content to `` let them play it out `` .

Both remained free pending appeals .
both [stayed] free pending appeals .

The real motive for the enforced resignations remained unclear .
the real motive for the enforced resignations [stayed] unclear .

Eligibility to vote remained controversial .
eligibility to vote [stayed] controversial .

Despite a Moscow City Soviet vote of no confidence in Luzhkov , reported on June 25 , the new mayor and the city government remained in post .
despite a moscow city soviet vote of no confidence in luzhkov , reported on june 25 , the new mayor and the city government [stayed] in post .

In the new 37-member Cabinet 15 ministries , including most of the key ones , remained in the same hands as before .
in the new 37-member cabinet 15 ministries , including most of the key ones , [stayed] in the same hands as before .

Mobutu remained head of state , but Tshisekedi insisted that he would control the army and that no special area of power would be reserved for the President .
mobutu [stayed] head of state , but tshisekedi insisted that he would control the army and that no special area of power would be reserved for the president .

Liberal democrats remained in a minority on the Legco , despite their success in the direct elections .
liberal democrats [stayed] in a minority on the legco , despite their success in the direct elections .

Havel urged that a referendum should be held by December 1991 , implying that he would resign if the issue remained unsolved .
havel urged that a referendum should be held by december 1991 , implying that he would resign if the issue [stayed] unsolved .

The Sejm rejected President Lech Walesa 's nominee for the post of central bank president , Marek Dabrowski on Sept. 13 , and acting president Andrzej Topinski remained in charge [ see pp .
the sejm rejected president lech walesa 's nominee for the post of central bank president , marek dabrowski on sept. 13 , and acting president andrzej topinski [stayed] in charge [ see pp .

At the end of September Israel 's loan guarantee request remained pending in both houses of Congress .
at the end of september israel 's loan guarantee request [stayed] pending in both houses of congress .

Restrictions on agricultural imports remained in place .
restrictions on agricultural imports [stayed] in place .

The state of public finances remained the `` greatest source of concern `` , and stabilization of the debt-to-GDP ratio had only been achieved by `` unexpectedly buoyant economic growth `` .
the state of public finances [stayed] the `` greatest source of concern `` , and stabilization of the debt-to-gdp ratio had only been achieved by `` unexpectedly buoyant economic growth `` .

The law only applied to those born after 1990 , with the result that Harald 's son , Prince Haakon Magnus , remained heir to the throne even though he was younger than his sister , Princess Märtha Louise .
the law only applied to those born after 1990 , with the result that harald 's son , prince haakon magnus , [stayed] heir to the throne even though he was younger than his sister , princess märtha louise .

The Roman Catholic Church remained a strong political influence [ for papal visit in June 1991 see p. 38306 ] .
the roman catholic church [stayed] a strong political influence [ for papal visit in june 1991 see p. 38306 ] .

The economy remained in serious difficulties throughout this period , and the government introduced spending cuts in late 1990 [ see p. 37925 ] and an `` austere `` 1991 budget in January 1991 [ see p. 37967 ] .
the economy [stayed] in serious difficulties throughout this period , and the government introduced spending cuts in late 1990 [ see p. 37925 ] and an `` austere `` 1991 budget in january 1991 [ see p. 37967 ] .

Inflation remained a major problem however ; although down from its 1988/89 peak , it hovered around the 60 per cent mark for most of 1990/91 .
inflation [stayed] a major problem however ; although down from its 1988/89 peak , it hovered around the 60 per cent mark for most of 1990/91 .

Croatia : More than 11 per cent of Croatia 's population belonged to the Serbian minority , living mainly in Krajina , which remained economically underdeveloped and vulnerable to the influence of Milosevic and Serbian nationalists from the republic of Serbia .
croatia : more than 11 per cent of croatia 's population belonged to the serbian minority , living mainly in krajina , which [stayed] economically underdeveloped and vulnerable to the influence of milosevic and serbian nationalists from the republic of serbia .

Kosovo , where Albanians made up 90 per cent of the province 's population of 2,000,000 , remained a thorny issue .
kosovo , where albanians made up 90 per cent of the province 's population of 2,000,000 , [stayed] a thorny issue .

On April 27 Talabani was quoted as saying that key differences , centring on " each side 's concepts of autonomy " , still remained to be resolved .
on april 27 talabani was quoted as saying that key differences , centring on " each side 's concepts of autonomy " , still [stayed] to be resolved .

The cost of a range of goods and services remained unchanged , however , this list including medical supplies , petrol and electricity , and also coffee and vodka ( the controversial decision not to raise the vodka price was justified in terms of preventing an upsurge in illegal distillation , as had happened when the price had been raised during the anti-alcohol campaign started in 1985 — see p. 35844 ) .
the cost of a range of goods and services [stayed] unchanged , however , this list including medical supplies , petrol and electricity , and also coffee and vodka ( the controversial decision not to raise the vodka price was justified in terms of preventing an upsurge in illegal distillation , as had happened when the price had been raised during the anti-alcohol campaign started in 1985 — see p. 35844 ) .

There remained the release of all political prisoners and the end of the Group Areas Act and the Population Registration Act , due to be repealed during the current parliamentary session [ see pp .
there [stayed] the release of all political prisoners and the end of the group areas act and the population registration act , due to be repealed during the current parliamentary session [ see pp .

The right to stand for election still remained restricted to Matai .
the right to stand for election still [stayed] restricted to matai .

The 1983 law banning the use of the Kurdish language in private life and songs was also repealed [ see also p. 37969 ] , but it remained illegal to use Kurdish in broadcasting or print .
the 1983 law banning the use of the kurdish language in private life and songs was also repealed [ see also p. 37969 ] , but it [stayed] illegal to use kurdish in broadcasting or print .

The cost of rents , heating and some medical services remained unchanged .
the cost of rents , heating and some medical services [stayed] unchanged .

The opposition remained dissatisfied with the commission 's findings , and on April 10 it moved no confidence votes against Serbian Prime Minister Dragutin Zelenovic , Justice Minister Predrag Todorovic , and Industry Minister Dusan Matkovic in connection with the March demonstrations .
the opposition [stayed] dissatisfied with the commission 's findings , and on april 10 it moved no confidence votes against serbian prime minister dragutin zelenovic , justice minister predrag todorovic , and industry minister dusan matkovic in connection with the march demonstrations .

However , enormous problems remained : inflation remained high , unemployment was rising and many areas of production were at a standstill .
however , enormous problems [stayed] : inflation [stayed] high , unemployment was rising and many areas of production were at a standstill .

Chavez , who was wounded in the jaw , had previously been running the prison and continued his drug business by cellular telephone from an air-conditioned suite of cells , while the other 1,200 inmates remained in severely overcrowded conditions .
chavez , who was wounded in the jaw , had previously been running the prison and continued his drug business by cellular telephone from an air-conditioned suite of cells , while the other 1,200 inmates [stayed] in severely overcrowded conditions .

The talks failed to produce an agreement to end almost 30 years of guerrilla war ; both sides remained divided on the scope and location of the areas to which the guerrillas would be restricted prior to a ceasefire coming into operation .
the talks failed to produce an agreement to end almost 30 years of guerrilla war ; both sides [stayed] divided on the scope and location of the areas to which the guerrillas would be restricted prior to a ceasefire coming into operation .

The Tokyo stock market staged a limited recovery in the days following the discovery of the scandal , but trade remained generally at much lower levels than in recent years as the depression which had gripped the market since the start of 1989 continued its course .
the tokyo stock market staged a limited recovery in the days following the discovery of the scandal , but trade [stayed] generally at much lower levels than in recent years as the depression which had gripped the market since the start of 1989 continued its course .

Public opinion remained closely divided on the question .
public opinion [stayed] closely divided on the question .

The nuclear assets and liabilities of the former nationalized Scottish electricity boards had already been transferred to Scottish Nuclear which , as with the English nuclear power industry , remained wholly government-owned .
the nuclear assets and liabilities of the former nationalized scottish electricity boards had already been transferred to scottish nuclear which , as with the english nuclear power industry , [stayed] wholly government-owned .

Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz met with Özal on June 12 , although diplomatic relations between the two countries remained officially suspended .
iraqi deputy prime minister tariq aziz met with özal on june 12 , although diplomatic relations between the two countries [stayed] officially suspended .

Throughout June President Lech Walesa and the Sejm ( the lower house of parliament ) remained deadlocked over the passage of a bill to establish procedures for the country 's first democratic general election , expected to be held in October .
throughout june president lech walesa and the sejm ( the lower house of parliament ) [stayed] deadlocked over the passage of a bill to establish procedures for the country 's first democratic general election , expected to be held in october .

In his address to more than 2,000 delegates , the King said that pluralism remained the only guarantee against dictatorship , adding that " there is not a single party that can claim to possess the truth " .
in his address to more than 2,000 delegates , the king said that pluralism [stayed] the only guarantee against dictatorship , adding that " there is not a single party that can claim to possess the truth " .

The new National Assembly had 107 members ; under the original plan the Assembly was to have had 108 members , but one deputy died during the appointments process and his seat remained vacant .
the new national assembly had 107 members ; under the original plan the assembly was to have had 108 members , but one deputy died during the appointments process and his seat [stayed] vacant .

Not since the Second World War had Congress remained in session so close to election day , and with mid-term elections on Nov. 6 rapidly approaching , a compromise budget was at last finally agreed .
not since the second world war had congress [stayed] in session so close to election day , and with mid-term elections on nov. 6 rapidly approaching , a compromise budget was at last finally agreed .

Although each side made significant compromises — the bill 's proponents rewrote at least four of its sections whilst the Administration withdrew its objections to at least two provisions — they remained divided .
although each side made significant compromises — the bill 's proponents rewrote at least four of its sections whilst the administration withdrew its objections to at least two provisions — they [stayed] divided .

The embargo on arms deliveries to China and the ban on military co-operation remained in force .
the embargo on arms deliveries to china and the ban on military co-operation [stayed] in force .

In the following two weeks tensions eased somewhat , although rail traffic between Zagreb and the Adriatic coast remained seriously disrupted because Serbs on several occasions blew up railway lines .
in the following two weeks tensions eased somewhat , although rail traffic between zagreb and the adriatic coast [stayed] seriously disrupted because serbs on several occasions blew up railway lines .

However , with Lebanese Forces tanks and infantry surrounding the embassy , Aoun remained in the building as of early November .
however , with lebanese forces tanks and infantry surrounding the embassy , aoun [stayed] in the building as of early november .

Jawara restructured two ministries in the economic sector on Aug. 13 , 1990 , although the ministers remained unchanged .
jawara restructured two ministries in the economic sector on aug. 13 , 1990 , although the ministers [stayed] unchanged .

The Council of State on Jan. 20 , 1990 , granted an amnesty to 22 of those detained for their part in the coup attempt of Oct. 17 , 1985 [ see p. 34217 ] ; 16 were freed unconditionally , while the remainder , who had been sentenced to death and had had their sentences commuted to 15 years ' imprisonment , remained under house arrest .
the council of state on jan. 20 , 1990 , granted an amnesty to 22 of those detained for their part in the coup attempt of oct. 17 , 1985 [ see p. 34217 ] ; 16 were freed unconditionally , while the remainder , who had been sentenced to death and had had their sentences commuted to 15 years ' imprisonment , [stayed] under house arrest .

37107-08 ; 37170 ] , the extent to which prominent people had been involved with the Stasi remained a contentious issue [ ibid . ]
37107-08 ; 37170 ] , the extent to which prominent people had been involved with the stasi [stayed] a contentious issue [ ibid . ]

The status of the conference remained unclear .
the status of the conference [stayed] unclear .

He further said that Mobutu had lost the people 's confidence and could be imprisoned if he remained in the country .
he further said that mobutu had lost the people 's confidence and could be imprisoned if he [stayed] in the country .

All barriers to trade in community-originated goods were to be eliminated by January 1994 , but there remained problems with implementation in individual member states of decisions made at regional level .
all barriers to trade in community-originated goods were to be eliminated by january 1994 , but there [stayed] problems with implementation in individual member states of decisions made at regional level .

Prices of agricultural products were freed in Estonia from July 1 ( except for milk products which remained under state control ) .
prices of agricultural products were freed in estonia from july 1 ( except for milk products which [stayed] under state control ) .

Although large quantities had been handed over by July 8 , the government maintained that items remained in the camps .
although large quantities had been handed over by july 8 , the government maintained that items [stayed] in the camps .

The disarming of the Palestinian fighters in early July meant that the Shia fundamentalist Hezbollah was the sole group which remained unaffected by the government 's recent actions .
the disarming of the palestinian fighters in early july meant that the shia fundamentalist hezbollah was the sole group which [stayed] unaffected by the government 's recent actions .

Vellayati , who held talks with Mitterrand and French Foreign Minister Roland Dumas , said after his return on July 4 that although most differences had been resolved , there remained `` one last point to settle `` .
vellayati , who held talks with mitterrand and french foreign minister roland dumas , said after his return on july 4 that although most differences had been resolved , there [stayed] `` one last point to settle `` .

Other changes included the appointment of a new Foreign Minister , Ahmad Husayn Khudayyir , to replace Tariq Aziz , who remained a Deputy Prime Minister .
other changes included the appointment of a new foreign minister , ahmad husayn khudayyir , to replace tariq aziz , who [stayed] a deputy prime minister .

Official results published on March 22 after considerable delays showed that the ruling right-wing Nationalist Republican Alliance ( Arena ) remained the largest single party , with 44.3 per cent of the vote , but had won only 39 seats , losing its absolute majority in the assembly ( where it had previously held 32 of the 60 seats ) .
official results published on march 22 after considerable delays showed that the ruling right-wing nationalist republican alliance ( arena ) [stayed] the largest single party , with 44.3 per cent of the vote , but had won only 39 seats , losing its absolute majority in the assembly ( where it had previously held 32 of the 60 seats ) .

Despite large increases over the sixth five-year plan period , agricultural production remained `` comparatively low `` due to a reduction in arable land area , soil degradation and insufficient irrigation .
despite large increases over the sixth five-year plan period , agricultural production [stayed] `` comparatively low `` due to a reduction in arable land area , soil degradation and insufficient irrigation .

On March 5 leading nationalist political and cultural groups in Slovakia issued a declaration , published in the newspaper Pravda , rejecting the current constitutional arrangements ( under which defence , foreign policy and economic strategy remained under federal control ) and calling for a fully sovereign Slovakia .
on march 5 leading nationalist political and cultural groups in slovakia issued a declaration , published in the newspaper pravda , rejecting the current constitutional arrangements ( under which defence , foreign policy and economic strategy [stayed] under federal control ) and calling for a fully sovereign slovakia .

According to human rights activists in Morocco and a report in El País of March 8 the family in fact remained under house arrest in Rabat .
according to human rights activists in morocco and a report in el país of march 8 the family in fact [stayed] under house arrest in rabat .

The four companies revealed substantial losses in the half year to September , as the public reaction to the corruption allegations grew , and as the mood in the Tokyo exchange remained subdued by the property price collapse afflicting the country .
the four companies revealed substantial losses in the half year to september , as the public reaction to the corruption allegations grew , and as the mood in the tokyo exchange [stayed] subdued by the property price collapse afflicting the country .

With a string of southern primaries due in March , Clinton remained the overall favourite for the nomination ; the conventional wisdom was that Tsongas could not generate sufficient appeal outside New England , and — given the 1988 fate of Michael Dukakis , a Massachusetts liberal ( also of Greek ethnic origin ) with whom he was frequently compared — would be unelectable as President even if he did secure the nomination .
with a string of southern primaries due in march , clinton [stayed] the overall favourite for the nomination ; the conventional wisdom was that tsongas could not generate sufficient appeal outside new england , and — given the 1988 fate of michael dukakis , a massachusetts liberal ( also of greek ethnic origin ) with whom he was frequently compared — would be unelectable as president even if he did secure the nomination .

Friction between Russia and Ukraine remained high , and reports that the two Presidents were to hold an extra day of bilateral negotiations after the Heads of State summit proved to be false .
friction between russia and ukraine [stayed] high , and reports that the two presidents were to hold an extra day of bilateral negotiations after the heads of state summit proved to be false .

Both leaders admitted that several issues remained unresolved by the treaty , but they described it as a good basis for the development of future bilateral relations .
both leaders admitted that several issues [stayed] unresolved by the treaty , but they described it as a good basis for the development of future bilateral relations .

Bertie Ahern , who had dropped out of the leadership contest to assure Reynolds of victory , remained Finance Minister .
bertie ahern , who had dropped out of the leadership contest to assure reynolds of victory , [stayed] finance minister .

As the build-up to the pending general election got under way , the position of the leader of the Liberal Democrats , Paddy Ashdown , came under scrutiny when on Feb. 5 he made a statement acknowledging that some years earlier he had had a `` brief relationship `` with a woman ( identified as Patricia Sullivan , now known under the name Howard ) ; he stressed , however , that this `` should have remained a private and personal matter of concern only to those involved `` .
as the build-up to the pending general election got under way , the position of the leader of the liberal democrats , paddy ashdown , came under scrutiny when on feb. 5 he made a statement acknowledging that some years earlier he had had a `` brief relationship `` with a woman ( identified as patricia sullivan , now known under the name howard ) ; he stressed , however , that this `` should have [stayed] a private and personal matter of concern only to those involved `` .

The allies ' preferred option as a means of removing Saddam Hussein remained that of an internal army coup .
the allies ' preferred option as a means of removing saddam hussein [stayed] that of an internal army coup .

The rioting began at the junction of Florence and Normandie Avenues in south-central Los Angeles , and rapidly spread to neighbouring areas , although many of the most prosperous areas of the city remained relatively unaffected .
the rioting began at the junction of florence and normandie avenues in south-central los angeles , and rapidly spread to neighbouring areas , although many of the most prosperous areas of the city [stayed] relatively unaffected .

The five-party coalition remained in power , however , with Meechai Ruchuphan , hitherto a Deputy Prime Minister , as interim Prime Minister .
the five-party coalition [stayed] in power , however , with meechai ruchuphan , hitherto a deputy prime minister , as interim prime minister .

Although Meyer remained Minister of Communications , his responsibilities for Defence were given to a Gene Louw , hitherto Home Affairs Minister , who was also named as Minister of Public Works .
although meyer [stayed] minister of communications , his responsibilities for defence were given to a gene louw , hitherto home affairs minister , who was also named as minister of public works .

Louis Pienaar was appointed Minister of Home Affairs and remained in charge of Environment Affairs .
louis pienaar was appointed minister of home affairs and [stayed] in charge of environment affairs .

Under the terms of this law , 21 political parties which had existed prior to the 1981 ban remained proscribed , including Nkrumah 's Convention People 's Party and the Progress Party .
under the terms of this law , 21 political parties which had existed prior to the 1981 ban [stayed] proscribed , including nkrumah 's convention people 's party and the progress party .

Candidates whose spending remained below the thresholds of $ 600,000 for the House and $ 5,500,000 for the Senate , would be eligible for federal campaign funds .
candidates whose spending [stayed] below the thresholds of $ 600,000 for the house and $ 5,500,000 for the senate , would be eligible for federal campaign funds .

He alleged that he had been the victim of a politically motivated investigation and stated that it remained his intention to seek a 16th term of office in November 1992 .
he alleged that he had been the victim of a politically motivated investigation and stated that it [stayed] his intention to seek a 16th term of office in november 1992 .

Although in command of the Philippine Constabulary during the martial law years of the Marcos regime , he remained largely untainted by the corruption and nepotism which was characteristic of that period .
although in command of the philippine constabulary during the martial law years of the marcos regime , he [stayed] largely untainted by the corruption and nepotism which was characteristic of that period .

Although the other results remained incomplete at the end of May , it appeared that Estrada was comfortably ahead of his rivals in the poll for Vice-President .
although the other results [stayed] incomplete at the end of may , it appeared that estrada was comfortably ahead of his rivals in the poll for vice-president .

Jamia Millia Islamia University in Delhi remained closed from the beginning of May following the issuing of a " death sentence " by Moslem fundamentalist students against the pro-Vice-Chancellor , Professor Mushirul Hasan , who had called for the lifting of the ban , in force since October 1988 on the grounds of blasphemy , on the Indian-born British novelist Salman Rushdie 's novel The Satanic Verses [ see p 36450 ] .
jamia millia islamia university in delhi [stayed] closed from the beginning of may following the issuing of a " death sentence " by moslem fundamentalist students against the pro-vice-chancellor , professor mushirul hasan , who had called for the lifting of the ban , in force since october 1988 on the grounds of blasphemy , on the indian-born british novelist salman rushdie 's novel the satanic verses [ see p 36450 ] .

Demonstrations throughout April and the first part of May organized by activists opposed to ( ex-Communist ) President Rakhmon Nabiyev 's regime culminated in the formation of a coalition government , announced on May 11 , in which eight of the 24 ministerial posts went to opposition members , while Nabiyev remained as President .
demonstrations throughout april and the first part of may organized by activists opposed to ( ex-communist ) president rakhmon nabiyev 's regime culminated in the formation of a coalition government , announced on may 11 , in which eight of the 24 ministerial posts went to opposition members , while nabiyev [stayed] as president .

The German side emphasised that the promised financial assistance would only be forthcoming if the 2,000,000 Russian Germans remained in the Volga republic or other regions of the former Soviet Union .
the german side emphasised that the promised financial assistance would only be forthcoming if the 2,000,000 russian germans [stayed] in the volga republic or other regions of the former soviet union .

Whether Gorbachev 's shift was fundamental , or only tactical and temporary , remained to be seen .
whether gorbachev 's shift was fundamental , or only tactical and temporary , [stayed] to be seen .

He remained in detention during the rebellion but stated in a letter published in the press that he had been responsible for it , a claim which was interpreted more as a dramatic personal gesture than a statement of fact ; earlier reports stated that the rebellion had been such a surprise to him that he had requested a pistol in order to shoot himself .
he [stayed] in detention during the rebellion but stated in a letter published in the press that he had been responsible for it , a claim which was interpreted more as a dramatic personal gesture than a statement of fact ; earlier reports stated that the rebellion had been such a surprise to him that he had requested a pistol in order to shoot himself .

All of the former officers remained stripped of their rank and were barred from holding public office .
all of the former officers [stayed] stripped of their rank and were barred from holding public office .

Ironically , the fresh agitation which started on Dec. 6 was based around a programme of satyragraha ( peaceful protest ) so that as violence erupted in other parts of the country , Ayodhya itself remained relatively calm .
ironically , the fresh agitation which started on dec. 6 was based around a programme of satyragraha ( peaceful protest ) so that as violence erupted in other parts of the country , ayodhya itself [stayed] relatively calm .

The key Foreign Affairs , Finance and Chief Cabinet Secretary posts remained unchanged in the reshuffle .
the key foreign affairs , finance and chief cabinet secretary posts [stayed] unchanged in the reshuffle .

The remainder went to the Socialist Party ( four seats ) , the Party of Yugoslavs ( one ) and independents ( three ) ; one seat remained vacant .
the remainder went to the socialist party ( four seats ) , the party of yugoslavs ( one ) and independents ( three ) ; one seat [stayed] vacant .

However , doubts still remained about the safety of an estimated 1,000 foreign nationals who had chosen to remain in Iraq and Kuwait .
however , doubts still [stayed] about the safety of an estimated 1,000 foreign nationals who had chosen to remain in iraq and kuwait .

The protocol reflected the continuing shift in favour of environmental protection , while recognizing the extent of differences which remained .
the protocol reflected the continuing shift in favour of environmental protection , while recognizing the extent of differences which [stayed] .

Yegor Yakovlev remained as its head .
yegor yakovlev [stayed] as its head .

In response to his requests for assurances on the safety of control over nuclear weapons , he was told that nuclear weapons remained under single control and that disarmament was continuing according to plan .
in response to his requests for assurances on the safety of control over nuclear weapons , he was told that nuclear weapons [stayed] under single control and that disarmament was continuing according to plan .

Although the two Korean states remained technically in a state of war ( the hostilities having been ended in 1953 by an armistice but not a peace treaty ) , many commentators felt that the December agreements laid a realistic foundation for the negotiation of a full peace treaty .
although the two korean states [stayed] technically in a state of war ( the hostilities having been ended in 1953 by an armistice but not a peace treaty ) , many commentators felt that the december agreements laid a realistic foundation for the negotiation of a full peace treaty .

The election was keenly contested — both candidates spent heavily on their campaigns — but there was little evidence of the use of negative campaigning and the city 's rising crime rate remained the central campaign issue .
the election was keenly contested — both candidates spent heavily on their campaigns — but there was little evidence of the use of negative campaigning and the city 's rising crime rate [stayed] the central campaign issue .

Although the women 's identity remained shielded during the trial , she was named by several news organizations in the pre-trial period , and she chose to reveal her identity in an interview shortly after the verdict .
although the women 's identity [stayed] shielded during the trial , she was named by several news organizations in the pre-trial period , and she chose to reveal her identity in an interview shortly after the verdict .

This followed the arrest in Switzerland of Gerald Andries , one of the French agents against whom a warrant remained outstanding in connection with the bombing of the Greenpeace ship in Auckland harbour in July 1985 , which had caused the death of one of its crew [ see p. 38480 ] .
this followed the arrest in switzerland of gerald andries , one of the french agents against whom a warrant [stayed] outstanding in connection with the bombing of the greenpeace ship in auckland harbour in july 1985 , which had caused the death of one of its crew [ see p. 38480 ] .

Inflation remained high as did the budget deficit , overdue debts had `` become prolonged `` , and unemployment was increasing .
inflation [stayed] high as did the budget deficit , overdue debts had `` become prolonged `` , and unemployment was increasing .

Both the North Korean and Cuban governments reportedly offered Honecker refuge but as of the end of the year he remained in the Chilean embassy .
both the north korean and cuban governments reportedly offered honecker refuge but as of the end of the year he [stayed] in the chilean embassy .

With the release of Anderson only two Western hostages remained in Lebanon , German aid workers Thomas Kemptner and Heinrich Strubig , who had both been kidnapped in May 1989 [ see p. 36671 ] .
with the release of anderson only two western hostages [stayed] in lebanon , german aid workers thomas kemptner and heinrich strubig , who had both been kidnapped in may 1989 [ see p. 36671 ] .

Another strand of the hostage crisis which remained deadlocked at the end of December was the issue of missing Israeli servicemen in Lebanon .
another strand of the hostage crisis which [stayed] deadlocked at the end of december was the issue of missing israeli servicemen in lebanon .

Estimates of the numbers of political prisoners in Syria varied , but according to some sources about 3,500 still remained in prison .
estimates of the numbers of political prisoners in syria varied , but according to some sources about 3,500 still [stayed] in prison .

There remained unresolved issues in connection with the Iranian state 's share in Eurodif ( a uranium enrichment company ) and Iran 's request to be supplied nuclear fuel by that company .
there [stayed] unresolved issues in connection with the iranian state 's share in eurodif ( a uranium enrichment company ) and iran 's request to be supplied nuclear fuel by that company .

He remained an ordinary member of Legco .
he [stayed] an ordinary member of legco .

However , the official and commercial exchange rates remained unchanged at six roubles and seven roubles to the dollar respectively .
however , the official and commercial exchange rates [stayed] unchanged at six roubles and seven roubles to the dollar respectively .

Retail prices of staple foods and consumer goods remained unchanged .
retail prices of staple foods and consumer goods [stayed] unchanged .

In a communiqué they said that difficulties still remained , over differing perceptions of the future state structure , but they undertook to adopt a treaty on its principles by the end of November .
in a communiqué they said that difficulties still [stayed] , over differing perceptions of the future state structure , but they undertook to adopt a treaty on its principles by the end of november .

He also proposed an electoral law , details of which remained unspecified .
he also proposed an electoral law , details of which [stayed] unspecified .

While the passing of the law ended weeks of debate , some aspects were left unclear and its implementation remained to be decided by the government .
while the passing of the law ended weeks of debate , some aspects were left unclear and its implementation [stayed] to be decided by the government .

( Silcott remained in prison , to complete a separate life sentence imposed in 1986 for an unrelated murder committed in 1984 . )
( silcott [stayed] in prison , to complete a separate life sentence imposed in 1986 for an unrelated murder committed in 1984 . )

Details of the visit remained subject to Israeli military censorship , but military exports to China were understood to have been discussed .
details of the visit [stayed] subject to israeli military censorship , but military exports to china were understood to have been discussed .

The Moslem Brotherhood , which opposed the peace talks on principle , remained excluded from government .
the moslem brotherhood , which opposed the peace talks on principle , [stayed] excluded from government .

Political parties remained banned in Brunei , but party members detained by the government were released in 1990 .
political parties [stayed] banned in brunei , but party members detained by the government were released in 1990 .

Zhao himself remained under investigation , although he had reportedly been allowed to retain his party membership .
zhao himself [stayed] under investigation , although he had reportedly been allowed to retain his party membership .

Relations with the United States remained strained during 1990 and the first half of 1991 .
relations with the united states [stayed] strained during 1990 and the first half of 1991 .

The Chinese government in May 1990 rescinded the martial law order in Lhasa ( imposed in March 1989 following outbreaks of secessionist unrest ) , although a heavy armed presence remained in the city [ see p. 37454 ] .
the chinese government in may 1990 rescinded the martial law order in lhasa ( imposed in march 1989 following outbreaks of secessionist unrest ) , although a heavy armed presence [stayed] in the city [ see p. 37454 ] .

In 1989 Japanese companies had secured shipbuilding orders for new vessels totalling 9,700,000 gross tonnes , double the total of the previous year , so that although orders for 1990 were down to around 3,000,000 gross tonnes , shipbuilders ' order books remained full until well into 1992 .
in 1989 japanese companies had secured shipbuilding orders for new vessels totalling 9,700,000 gross tonnes , double the total of the previous year , so that although orders for 1990 were down to around 3,000,000 gross tonnes , shipbuilders ' order books [stayed] full until well into 1992 .

Despite the epoch-making changes in international relations , however , progress towards Korean reunification during 1990 remained slow and uncertain .
despite the epoch-making changes in international relations , however , progress towards korean reunification during 1990 [stayed] slow and uncertain .

Lee remained in the Cabinet as a Senior Minister and his son ( Goh 's chosen successor ) , Lee Hsien Loong , was promoted to Deputy Prime Minister .
lee [stayed] in the cabinet as a senior minister and his son ( goh 's chosen successor ) , lee hsien loong , was promoted to deputy prime minister .

Bilateral relations with Malaysia and with Indonesia remained good during 1990 .
bilateral relations with malaysia and with indonesia [stayed] good during 1990 .

Japan remained Vietnam 's largest non-communist trading partner in 1990 .
japan [stayed] vietnam 's largest non-communist trading partner in 1990 .

Although civilian government was later restored , Rabuka and his supporters remained influential within the Council of Advisors which was established as an interim administration by the Governor-General , Ratu Sir Penaia Ganilau .
although civilian government was later restored , rabuka and his supporters [stayed] influential within the council of advisors which was established as an interim administration by the governor-general , ratu sir penaia ganilau .

Relations with New Zealand and Australia , traditionally the largest source of aid for Fiji , improved somewhat but remained strained .
relations with new zealand and australia , traditionally the largest source of aid for fiji , improved somewhat but [stayed] strained .

The Bougainville conflict [ see above ] affected the country 's economy adversely , as the giant Panguna copper mine , which had previously provided about 17 per cent of national revenue and more than 40 per cent of foreign exchange earnings , remained closed .
the bougainville conflict [ see above ] affected the country 's economy adversely , as the giant panguna copper mine , which had previously provided about 17 per cent of national revenue and more than 40 per cent of foreign exchange earnings , [stayed] closed .

The long-term outlook for the economy remained buoyant , however , because of the country 's immense natural resources .
the long-term outlook for the economy [stayed] buoyant , however , because of the country 's immense natural resources .

Mamaloni resigned as leader of the People 's Alliance Party in October 1990 but remained Prime Minister at the head of a coalition government of " national unity " .
mamaloni resigned as leader of the people 's alliance party in october 1990 but [stayed] prime minister at the head of a coalition government of " national unity " .

Political tension remained high .
political tension [stayed] high .

On Sept. 14 , Radio Lomé announced the composition of a government of 18 ministers in addition to Koffigoh , the key appointments being Inoussa Traore Bouraima ( Defence ) ; Ouatara Fambare Natachaba ( Foreign Affairs and Cooperation ) ; Aregba Polo ( Justice ) ; Komlan Mensah Benjamin Agbeka ( Communications and Culture ) , and Yandja Yentchabre ( Planning and Territorial Administration ) ; Elias Kwassivi Kpetigo remained as Economy and Finance Minister .
on sept. 14 , radio lomé announced the composition of a government of 18 ministers in addition to koffigoh , the key appointments being inoussa traore bouraima ( defence ) ; ouatara fambare natachaba ( foreign affairs and cooperation ) ; aregba polo ( justice ) ; komlan mensah benjamin agbeka ( communications and culture ) , and yandja yentchabre ( planning and territorial administration ) ; elias kwassivi kpetigo [stayed] as economy and finance minister .

Although a new law allowing multiparty politics had come into effect in July 1992 , rallies remained subject to government control and were permissible only for registered parties .
although a new law allowing multiparty politics had come into effect in july 1992 , rallies [stayed] subject to government control and were permissible only for registered parties .

Dressed in a striped prison suit bearing his prison number , Guzmán remained defiant , however ; he ignored all questions and instead launched into a seven-minute address , insisting that his arrest was `` simply a bend in the road `` and that Sendero 's 12-year `` people 's war `` would finally end in triumph .
dressed in a striped prison suit bearing his prison number , guzmán [stayed] defiant , however ; he ignored all questions and instead launched into a seven-minute address , insisting that his arrest was `` simply a bend in the road `` and that sendero 's 12-year `` people 's war `` would finally end in triumph .

Local analysts regarded the arrests as a serious blow to Sendero , but warned that its military command remained untouched , and cited Sendero 's complex cell structure and proven ability to regroup .
local analysts regarded the arrests as a serious blow to sendero , but warned that its military command [stayed] untouched , and cited sendero 's complex cell structure and proven ability to regroup .

It was reported locally , however , that the Army remained fully mobilized .
it was reported locally , however , that the army [stayed] fully mobilized .

Although Vietnam and China had restored normal diplomatic relations in November 1991 , relations remained strained because of a large number of outstanding territorial disputes on land and at sea .
although vietnam and china had restored normal diplomatic relations in november 1991 , relations [stayed] strained because of a large number of outstanding territorial disputes on land and at sea .

Only 89 commodities remained directly priced by the government .
only 89 commodities [stayed] directly priced by the government .

He replaced Wang Bingqian , who remained a State Councillor .
he replaced wang bingqian , who [stayed] a state councillor .

The collapse of the Soviet Union and the emergence of an independent Russian state had kindled strong expectations that the dispute would be settled , particularly as the Japanese government had made it clear that it was unwilling to provide the significant economic aid required by the Russians while the dispute remained outstanding .
the collapse of the soviet union and the emergence of an independent russian state had kindled strong expectations that the dispute would be settled , particularly as the japanese government had made it clear that it was unwilling to provide the significant economic aid required by the russians while the dispute [stayed] outstanding .

However , the government claimed that no militias remained in Kabul , as they had all been absorbed into the regime 's regular army .
however , the government claimed that no militias [stayed] in kabul , as they had all been absorbed into the regime 's regular army .

Restrained public spending under the Goss government , confounding his conservative opponents , had ensured that Queensland remained the country 's least indebted state .
restrained public spending under the goss government , confounding his conservative opponents , had ensured that queensland [stayed] the country 's least indebted state .

Gaidar noted that difficulties remained in relations between the two countries , referring specifically to the rights of Estonia 's ethnic minorities .
gaidar noted that difficulties [stayed] in relations between the two countries , referring specifically to the rights of estonia 's ethnic minorities .

Christian Maronite leaders , strongly supported by the French government , had questioned the legitimacy of any election held while the Syrian army remained in the country .
christian maronite leaders , strongly supported by the french government , had questioned the legitimacy of any election held while the syrian army [stayed] in the country .

Although the Israeli delegation said that it was prepared to discuss issues raised by the Palestinians , the two sides remained deeply divided over the organization of the talks .
although the israeli delegation said that it was prepared to discuss issues raised by the palestinians , the two sides [stayed] deeply divided over the organization of the talks .

The Interior Ministry announced on Nov. 12 that 44 people had been killed during the crackdown and a further 180 people remained missing .
the interior ministry announced on nov. 12 that 44 people had been killed during the crackdown and a further 180 people [stayed] missing .

Sarajevo remained under siege , although relief convoys supplying about 50 per cent of the city 's needs reached the city by road and relief flights continued sporadically .
sarajevo [stayed] under siege , although relief convoys supplying about 50 per cent of the city 's needs reached the city by road and relief flights continued sporadically .

The Ingush nation ( mainly Moslem ) had been deported by Stalin in 1944 , and , although they were allowed to return to their homeland in 1957 , the Prigorodny region , previously part of Ingushetia , had remained in North Ossetia ( whose population was mostly Christian ) .
the ingush nation ( mainly moslem ) had been deported by stalin in 1944 , and , although they were allowed to return to their homeland in 1957 , the prigorodny region , previously part of ingushetia , had [stayed] in north ossetia ( whose population was mostly christian ) .

Although Russia and Chechnia agreed on Nov. 15 to withdraw their troops stationed along the Chechen-Ingush border after negotiations co-ordinated by Shakhrai , the situation remained tense .
although russia and chechnia agreed on nov. 15 to withdraw their troops stationed along the chechen-ingush border after negotiations co-ordinated by shakhrai , the situation [stayed] tense .

No party won an absolute majority and the outgoing government remained in office in a caretaker capacity as inter-party negotiations took place .
no party won an absolute majority and the outgoing government [stayed] in office in a caretaker capacity as inter-party negotiations took place .

He returned to Poland in August 1990 to finance his own campaign , but many questions about his background and his backers remained unanswered .
he returned to poland in august 1990 to finance his own campaign , but many questions about his background and his backers [stayed] unanswered .

His previously designated successor , Goh Chok Tong , hitherto First Deputy Prime Minister and Defence Minister ( which he remained ) , was sworn in on Nov. 28 .
his previously designated successor , goh chok tong , hitherto first deputy prime minister and defence minister ( which he [stayed] ) , was sworn in on nov. 28 .

The formation of a coalition government , and the splitting of both the ruling party and the opposition , suggested a return to the country 's traditional political style , where political structures revolved around personalities while party affiliations remained weak and without clear ideological foundations .
the formation of a coalition government , and the splitting of both the ruling party and the opposition , suggested a return to the country 's traditional political style , where political structures revolved around personalities while party affiliations [stayed] weak and without clear ideological foundations .

The Dnestr Russians remained defiant , however , refraining from disbanding militia units or lifting blockades .
the dnestr russians [stayed] defiant , however , refraining from disbanding militia units or lifting blockades .

Civic Forum remained the most popular organization , although its share of the vote fell to 36 per cent , compared with 49.5 per cent in the June Czech National Council election .
civic forum [stayed] the most popular organization , although its share of the vote fell to 36 per cent , compared with 49.5 per cent in the june czech national council election .

The death toll from the conflict up to the withdrawal of the security forces in March remained unclear , but was certainly in excess of 100 .
the death toll from the conflict up to the withdrawal of the security forces in march [stayed] unclear , but was certainly in excess of 100 .

The ban on public entertainment , sport and most commercial activities remained in place .
the ban on public entertainment , sport and most commercial activities [stayed] in place .

In 1983 , he retired to his home on the island of Bau , where , in declining health , he remained largely silent following the two coups of 1987 .
in 1983 , he retired to his home on the island of bau , where , in declining health , he [stayed] largely silent following the two coups of 1987 .

He resigned as party leader in October 1990 but remained as Prime Minister , at the head of a coalition government of `` national unity `` [ see p. 37862 ] .
he resigned as party leader in october 1990 but [stayed] as prime minister , at the head of a coalition government of `` national unity `` [ see p. 37862 ] .

Following disturbances in October 1989 , major stock markets around the world remained strong at the end of the year , with some reaching historical peaks in the last week of 1989 and the first week of 1990 .
following disturbances in october 1989 , major stock markets around the world [stayed] strong at the end of the year , with some reaching historical peaks in the last week of 1989 and the first week of 1990 .

International financial markets remained volatile following the start of the Gulf crisis .
international financial markets [stayed] volatile following the start of the gulf crisis .

It proposed a long term strategy to `` release the energies of ordinary people by enabling them to take charge of their lives `` , noting that agriculture remained the `` primary foundation for growth `` and emphasizing food security rather than food self-sufficiency .
it proposed a long term strategy to `` release the energies of ordinary people by enabling them to take charge of their lives `` , noting that agriculture [stayed] the `` primary foundation for growth `` and emphasizing food security rather than food self-sufficiency .

Cruz 's house arrest and dismissal were overturned by the Supreme Court on Dec. 29 , but he remained suspended from office .
cruz 's house arrest and dismissal were overturned by the supreme court on dec. 29 , but he [stayed] suspended from office .

Meanwhile Western countries remained divided over whether to intervene militarily in the conflict .
meanwhile western countries [stayed] divided over whether to intervene militarily in the conflict .

To have remained in the contest under these circumstances would have been to play the role of a `` spoiler `` said Tsongas , and , thereby , to `` become the agent of the re-election of George Bush `` .
to have [stayed] in the contest under these circumstances would have been to play the role of a `` spoiler `` said tsongas , and , thereby , to `` become the agent of the re-election of george bush `` .

It was significant that Tsongas decided to suspend rather than terminate his campaign , as it underlined the doubts which remained concerning Clinton .
it was significant that tsongas decided to suspend rather than terminate his campaign , as it underlined the doubts which [stayed] concerning clinton .

Although controlling inflation , running at around 12 per cent , remained a priority , the government hoped to boost private lending and enterprise by cutting the floor rate on commercial lending by 1 percentage point to 14 per cent [ for last interest rate rise see p. 38533 ] .
although controlling inflation , running at around 12 per cent , [stayed] a priority , the government hoped to boost private lending and enterprise by cutting the floor rate on commercial lending by 1 percentage point to 14 per cent [ for last interest rate rise see p. 38533 ] .

The government more or less completed its price deregulation programme on March 1 when it freed most fixed prices for food and daily necessities ; only bread and flour prices remained controlled .
the government more or less completed its price deregulation programme on march 1 when it freed most fixed prices for food and daily necessities ; only bread and flour prices [stayed] controlled .

He was the fourth person to be convicted on charges arising from the scandal ; charges against eight others , including former Cabinet Secretary Takao Fujinami , remained outstanding .
he was the fourth person to be convicted on charges arising from the scandal ; charges against eight others , including former cabinet secretary takao fujinami , [stayed] outstanding .

The military was reported to have remained neutral .
the military was reported to have [stayed] neutral .

The 7th and 4th Armies remained stationed in Armenia and Azerbaijan .
the 7th and 4th armies [stayed] stationed in armenia and azerbaijan .

He accepted that the issues which the agreement had sought to address remained as a threat to Canada 's long-term future , but indicated that his government would now switch its central focus from constitutional issues to the need to revitalize the country 's ailing economy .
he accepted that the issues which the agreement had sought to address [stayed] as a threat to canada 's long-term future , but indicated that his government would now switch its central focus from constitutional issues to the need to revitalize the country 's ailing economy .

Oct. 1 had been the date set for signature of the accord , the main points of which had been agreed on Aug. 7 [ see p. 39039 ] , but on Sept. 29 Dhlakama announced that he would not sign as a number of issues remained to be resolved to his satisfaction .
oct. 1 had been the date set for signature of the accord , the main points of which had been agreed on aug. 7 [ see p. 39039 ] , but on sept. 29 dhlakama announced that he would not sign as a number of issues [stayed] to be resolved to his satisfaction .

The announcement , however , did not reflect a substantial change in the attitude of President Banda who remained steadfastly opposed to multiparty politics .
the announcement , however , did not reflect a substantial change in the attitude of president banda who [stayed] steadfastly opposed to multiparty politics .

During the rebel attack , Russian troops in Dushanbe officially remained neutral , but retained control of the airport and main railway stations .
during the rebel attack , russian troops in dushanbe officially [stayed] neutral , but retained control of the airport and main railway stations .

The borders of the provinces remained to be negotiated .
the borders of the provinces [stayed] to be negotiated .

Other important portfolios , including Defence and Foreign Affairs , remained unchanged .
other important portfolios , including defence and foreign affairs , [stayed] unchanged .

Russian Foreign and Defence Ministry spokesmen responded by insisting that Russian soldiers had remained neutral throughout the conflict .
russian foreign and defence ministry spokesmen responded by insisting that russian soldiers had [stayed] neutral throughout the conflict .

The agenda stated that Israel and Jordan aimed to work towards a peace treaty ( technically , both countries remained at war ) , and included items on water and land claims , the question of Palestinian refugees in Jordan , and arms control .
the agenda stated that israel and jordan aimed to work towards a peace treaty ( technically , both countries [stayed] at war ) , and included items on water and land claims , the question of palestinian refugees in jordan , and arms control .

Although seven of the 11 states of the old Confederacy remained loyal to Bush , Clinton won Arkansas ( his home state ) , Tennessee ( the home of his running-mate , Albert ( Al ) Gore ) , Georgia and Louisiana .
although seven of the 11 states of the old confederacy [stayed] loyal to bush , clinton won arkansas ( his home state ) , tennessee ( the home of his running-mate , albert ( al ) gore ) , georgia and louisiana .

While the representation in the Senate remained fixed ( at two members per state ) , the number of House seats per state was proportionate to relative population .
while the representation in the senate [stayed] fixed ( at two members per state ) , the number of house seats per state was proportionate to relative population .

Such term-limit propositions , which aimed to limit congressional service to between six and 12 years , were passed in 15 states , although their constitutional validity remained to be decided by the Supreme Court .
such term-limit propositions , which aimed to limit congressional service to between six and 12 years , were passed in 15 states , although their constitutional validity [stayed] to be decided by the supreme court .

The country remained in a state of turmoil , with simmering ethnic , religious and personal rivalries threatening to erupt into a fresh war .
the country [stayed] in a state of turmoil , with simmering ethnic , religious and personal rivalries threatening to erupt into a fresh war .

When Soviet forces completed their withdrawal from Afghanistan in February 1989 , commentators predicated Najibullah 's imminent downfall , but he remained in office and managed to survive a serious coup attempt in 1990 .
when soviet forces completed their withdrawal from afghanistan in february 1989 , commentators predicated najibullah 's imminent downfall , but he [stayed] in office and managed to survive a serious coup attempt in 1990 .

After four days it acquitted three of the defendants on all charges , and acquitted Powell — who had delivered most of the blows — on all but one minor count upon which the jury remained undecided .
after four days it acquitted three of the defendants on all charges , and acquitted powell — who had delivered most of the blows — on all but one minor count upon which the jury [stayed] undecided .

Francisco Gros remained as President of the Central Bank .
francisco gros [stayed] as president of the central bank .

According to the information released by the government Wei was being held at a " reform-through-labour " farm near Tangshan in central China , but remained " unclear " about his guilt .
according to the information released by the government wei was being held at a " reform-through-labour " farm near tangshan in central china , but [stayed] " unclear " about his guilt .

It comprised 148 articles , only 10 of which remained unrevised from the 1980 constitution .
it comprised 148 articles , only 10 of which [stayed] unrevised from the 1980 constitution .

Alia had remained neutral in the March 1992 election campaign .
alia had [stayed] neutral in the march 1992 election campaign .

The April 5 raid was the first by Iran against Iraqi territory since the truce which had effectively ended the Iran-Iraq war in August 1988 ; the border between Iran and Iraq had remained closed since that time .
the april 5 raid was the first by iran against iraqi territory since the truce which had effectively ended the iran-iraq war in august 1988 ; the border between iran and iraq had [stayed] closed since that time .

Western journalists were taken by the Iraqi authorities to the site , where more than 300 bodies — including those of at least 91 children — were recovered , many burnt beyond recognition , and it was feared that many others remained buried in the wreckage .
western journalists were taken by the iraqi authorities to the site , where more than 300 bodies — including those of at least 91 children — were recovered , many burnt beyond recognition , and it was feared that many others [stayed] buried in the wreckage .

Although the overall extent of civilian casualties remained unclear , Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Hammadi suggested during his visit to Tehran in mid-February [ see above ] that more than 20,000 of his compatriots had been killed and 60,000 wounded in the first 26 days of the war .
although the overall extent of civilian casualties [stayed] unclear , iraqi deputy prime minister hammadi suggested during his visit to tehran in mid-february [ see above ] that more than 20,000 of his compatriots had been killed and 60,000 wounded in the first 26 days of the war .

Although Iraqi forces behind the front line put up more of a fight than those overrun in the initial phase of the offensive , resistance remained both light and sporadic .
although iraqi forces behind the front line put up more of a fight than those overrun in the initial phase of the offensive , resistance [stayed] both light and sporadic .

Although some Iraqi pockets remained , by the evening of Feb. 26 the Kuwaiti resistance movement claimed to be in control of Kuwait City .
although some iraqi pockets [stayed] , by the evening of feb. 26 the kuwaiti resistance movement claimed to be in control of kuwait city .

In general , taxes remained largely unchanged , although the budget revived proposals for phasing in by 1993 a sliding-scale reduction in capital gains tax on long-term investment , according to the period for which the investment had been made .
in general , taxes [stayed] largely unchanged , although the budget revived proposals for phasing in by 1993 a sliding-scale reduction in capital gains tax on long-term investment , according to the period for which the investment had been made .

On this occasion Chatichai was forced to relent and Chalerm was demoted , although he remained in the government as Deputy Education Minister [ see p. 37857 ] .
on this occasion chatichai was forced to relent and chalerm was demoted , although he [stayed] in the government as deputy education minister [ see p. 37857 ] .

Investigations into the plot had remained dormant until late 1990 when it was re-opened by high-level police officers , including a Class 5 graduate , Lt.-Gen. Boonchu Wangkananond .
investigations into the plot had [stayed] dormant until late 1990 when it was re-opened by high-level police officers , including a class 5 graduate , lt.-gen. boonchu wangkananond .

The issue of Vietnam 's debt to the Soviet Union remained unsettled .
the issue of vietnam 's debt to the soviet union [stayed] unsettled .

Tanks were withdrawn from Tirana on Feb. 25 and the city was reported to be calm , but army patrols remained , and sporadic gunfire was reported each night until the end of the month .
tanks were withdrawn from tirana on feb. 25 and the city was reported to be calm , but army patrols [stayed] , and sporadic gunfire was reported each night until the end of the month .

The agreement to form separate groups was worked out at a meeting on Feb. 10 at the presidential residence in Lany , attended also by Czechoslovak President Vaclav Havel , who numbered many Liberal Club supporters among his closest associates but who had remained outside the conflict .
the agreement to form separate groups was worked out at a meeting on feb. 10 at the presidential residence in lany , attended also by czechoslovak president vaclav havel , who numbered many liberal club supporters among his closest associates but who had [stayed] outside the conflict .

Shamir insisted that the alliance was made for purely pragmatic reasons and that his government remained firmly opposed to the policy of `` transfer `` .
shamir insisted that the alliance was made for purely pragmatic reasons and that his government [stayed] firmly opposed to the policy of `` transfer `` .

Tension remained high in Tunisia after a major demonstration on Jan. 24 against the actions of the United States-led coalition in its war with Iraq .
tension [stayed] high in tunisia after a major demonstration on jan. 24 against the actions of the united states-led coalition in its war with iraq .

Lesotho remained highly dependent on South Africa , with Basutho workers employed in South Africa providing vital foreign exchange .
lesotho [stayed] highly dependent on south africa , with basutho workers employed in south africa providing vital foreign exchange .

Notwithstanding the constitutional changes which led up to the general election of July [ see p. 37603 ] , the Habré government had remained an alliance of faction leaders lacking any real popular support .
notwithstanding the constitutional changes which led up to the general election of july [ see p. 37603 ] , the habré government had [stayed] an alliance of faction leaders lacking any real popular support .

The Comoros became an independent state by unilateral declaration in 1975 , after the French colonial authorities had had baulked at agreeing to independance without agreement to the constitution of all the islands , including Mayotte , which has remained under ( contested ) French rule .
the comoros became an independent state by unilateral declaration in 1975 , after the french colonial authorities had had baulked at agreeing to independance without agreement to the constitution of all the islands , including mayotte , which has [stayed] under ( contested ) french rule .

Khadafi 's alleged production of chemical weapons and alleged support of international terrorist movements meant that diplomatic relations with the United States remained deadlocked .
khadafi 's alleged production of chemical weapons and alleged support of international terrorist movements meant that diplomatic relations with the united states [stayed] deadlocked .

The Syrians performed the task swiftly , and Aoun was forced to take refuge in the French embassy , where he remained at the end of the year .
the syrians performed the task swiftly , and aoun was forced to take refuge in the french embassy , where he [stayed] at the end of the year .

All other parties [ listed below ] remained illegal , and many of their leaders were abroad in exile . ( Parties seeking
all other parties [ listed below ] [stayed] illegal , and many of their leaders were abroad in exile . ( parties seeking

The Yemen Socialist Party ( Ali Salim al-Bid s. -g. ) , which had been the dominant political power in South Yemen prior to unification , remained a force in the unified Republic .
the yemen socialist party ( ali salim al-bid s. -g. ) , which had been the dominant political power in south yemen prior to unification , [stayed] a force in the unified republic .

Although both Beveridge and Bevan had acknowledged the superiority of prevention over cure , the design of the new system ensured that it remained underdeveloped .
although both beveridge and bevan had acknowledged the superiority of prevention over cure , the design of the new system ensured that it [stayed] underdeveloped .

Naisbitt argues that employment in the traditional service sector ( for example , catering , cleaning , distribution ) has remained fairly stable since 1950 at around one-tenth of the labour force .
naisbitt argues that employment in the traditional service sector ( for example , catering , cleaning , distribution ) has [stayed] fairly stable since 1950 at around one-tenth of the labour force .

Even after the first national curriculum was quietly abandoned , elementary schools remained under the general regulations of the Board of Education , which meant in effect , continuing to teach history .
even after the first national curriculum was quietly abandoned , elementary schools [stayed] under the general regulations of the board of education , which meant in effect , continuing to teach history .

Nevertheless , though the value of the services themselves diminished , important feudal incidents remained long after 1150 .
nevertheless , though the value of the services themselves diminished , important feudal incidents [stayed] long after 1150 .

As long as any feudal dues remained valuable the lords desired to protect them , and rules about title to land at common law were developed to aid this process .
as long as any feudal dues [stayed] valuable the lords desired to protect them , and rules about title to land at common law were developed to aid this process .

If a Maori left his tribe and went to live in another district , either through marriage or otherwise , and he and his descendants remained away for three generations , they would forfeit all rights to the land so abandoned ; their claims would become ahimataotao .
if a maori left his tribe and went to live in another district , either through marriage or otherwise , and he and his descendants [stayed] away for three generations , they would forfeit all rights to the land so abandoned ; their claims would become ahimataotao .

In the example just given , if the Maoris remained away without exercising their rights continuously for one generation , their claims would not be materially affected , but absence for two generations would seriously weaken the claims and render them subject to some recognition by the tribe ; they would not entirely cease until after an absence of three generations …
in the example just given , if the maoris [stayed] away without exercising their rights continuously for one generation , their claims would not be materially affected , but absence for two generations would seriously weaken the claims and render them subject to some recognition by the tribe ; they would not entirely cease until after an absence of three generations …

And so it remained until the mid-1950s , by which time controls were as deficient in `` moral considerations `` as they were on `` logical and economic grounds `` .
and so it [stayed] until the mid-1950s , by which time controls were as deficient in `` moral considerations `` as they were on `` logical and economic grounds `` .

Until changes which came in the wake of the First World War , in which the scions of landed families fell alongside the sons of tenant farmers in the trenches by the Somme , such tenancies , to judge from the evidence , commonly remained in one farming family over several generations .
until changes which came in the wake of the first world war , in which the scions of landed families fell alongside the sons of tenant farmers in the trenches by the somme , such tenancies , to judge from the evidence , commonly [stayed] in one farming family over several generations .

Furthermore , these individuals would have to have remained more or less monostylistic even after their arrival in Britain and their exposure to various types of British English , over periods of up to thirty years .
furthermore , these individuals would have to have [stayed] more or less monostylistic even after their arrival in britain and their exposure to various types of british english , over periods of up to thirty years .

The House held that the burden of proof of causation remained on the plaintiff throughout the case .
the house held that the burden of proof of causation [stayed] on the plaintiff throughout the case .

Had the defendant been found not liable in Baker , the plaintiff would still have remained uncompensated for his original injuries .
had the defendant been found not liable in baker , the plaintiff would still have [stayed] uncompensated for his original injuries .

The basic test for remoteness of damage remained the same until 1961 and was then changed by a Privy Council decision .
the basic test for remoteness of damage [stayed] the same until 1961 and was then changed by a privy council decision .

The wording of the Chronicle implies that the same force returned in mid-1006 , and Swegen may have accompanied it and remained until the payment of tribute in 1007 ; the twelfth-century chronicler Henry of Huntingdon associates him with the ravaging at this time .
the wording of the chronicle implies that the same force returned in mid-1006 , and swegen may have accompanied it and [stayed] until the payment of tribute in 1007 ; the twelfth-century chronicler henry of huntingdon associates him with the ravaging at this time .

The early English bishop-rics were large , and Bede complained that there was insufficient preaching , while Latin , the language of the church , probably always remained the province of well-educated monks and higher clergy .
the early english bishop-rics were large , and bede complained that there was insufficient preaching , while latin , the language of the church , probably always [stayed] the province of well-educated monks and higher clergy .

But he remained unshakeable on two critical issues : first , that Giraud should not be the sole head of the unified movement ; and second , that the movement should be a true provisional government , not an administrative caretaker .
but he [stayed] unshakeable on two critical issues : first , that giraud should not be the sole head of the unified movement ; and second , that the movement should be a true provisional government , not an administrative caretaker .

Furthermore , by broadening his own identity from leader of the London dissidents to leader of the whole French Resistance , internal as well as external , he remained , in a sense , bigger than his own organization .
furthermore , by broadening his own identity from leader of the london dissidents to leader of the whole french resistance , internal as well as external , he [stayed] , in a sense , bigger than his own organization .

While the war continued , and until early 1945 continued on French soil , the General 's main concerns remained to secure the authority of his state , to maximize the French military contribution in the war against Germany , and to ensure as large a role as possible for France in the formulation of the peace settlement .
while the war continued , and until early 1945 continued on french soil , the general 's main concerns [stayed] to secure the authority of his state , to maximize the french military contribution in the war against germany , and to ensure as large a role as possible for france in the formulation of the peace settlement .

The realization of this fact quickly persuaded him to get out of the game before he lost whatever remained of his symbolic stature .
the realization of this fact quickly persuaded him to get out of the game before he lost whatever [stayed] of his symbolic stature .

Stalin 's attitude towards France remained as contemptuous after he had signed the pact as it had been before .
stalin 's attitude towards france [stayed] as contemptuous after he had signed the pact as it had been before .

Perhaps de Gaulle was enough of a pragmatist to have made those adjustments himself , had he remained in power .
perhaps de gaulle was enough of a pragmatist to have made those adjustments himself , had he [stayed] in power .

Until the Algerian problem was resolved , everything else remained , in a sense , provisional .
until the algerian problem was resolved , everything else [stayed] , in a sense , provisional .

So long as the Cold War continued , he remained convinced of the necessity of a firm response from the West .
so long as the cold war continued , he [stayed] convinced of the necessity of a firm response from the west .

It was supposed to last six months but remained in effect for more than two years .
it was supposed to last six months but [stayed] in effect for more than two years .

It is normally assumed that a given variable would have remained constant in the absence of integration .
it is normally assumed that a given variable would have [stayed] constant in the absence of integration .

Balassa 's ( 1987 ) `` anti-monde `` was derived using the assumption that the income elasticity of demand would have remained constant had it not been for the effect of economic integration .
balassa 's ( 1987 ) `` anti-monde `` was derived using the assumption that the income elasticity of demand would have [stayed] constant had it not been for the effect of economic integration .

However in the new proposals ( Department of Trade and Industry 1988b ) these calls have largely remained unanswered , apparently because the official doctrinal position is that ,
however in the new proposals ( department of trade and industry 1988b ) these calls have largely [stayed] unanswered , apparently because the official doctrinal position is that ,

Most commonly young women entered , and so long as they remained unmarried , stayed in domestic service .
most commonly young women entered , and so long as they [stayed] unmarried , stayed in domestic service .

The conviction that the general education of the poor was economically unsound and unnecessary remained .
the conviction that the general education of the poor was economically unsound and unnecessary [stayed] .

If there are substantial doubts as to whether the provision of charity schools was ever sufficiently widespread , directed or differentiated from earlier , or later , efforts to have constituted a special movement , there is none that school provision for the poor in the middle and later years of the century remained uneven and spasmodic .
if there are substantial doubts as to whether the provision of charity schools was ever sufficiently widespread , directed or differentiated from earlier , or later , efforts to have constituted a special movement , there is none that school provision for the poor in the middle and later years of the century [stayed] uneven and spasmodic .

Methodism also became and remained strong in some urban centres of old-style manufacturing such as Norwich and the Potteries .
methodism also became and [stayed] strong in some urban centres of old-style manufacturing such as norwich and the potteries .

When 80 per cent or more of working-class incomes was spent on food , and most of that on bread , then even in the modernising economy of later eighteenth-century England the state of the corn harvest remained by far the most important determiner of well-being .
when 80 per cent or more of working-class incomes was spent on food , and most of that on bread , then even in the modernising economy of later eighteenth-century england the state of the corn harvest [stayed] by far the most important determiner of well-being .

Without the miniaturization that they bring , the powerful personal computer of today would have remained an impossibility .
without the miniaturization that they bring , the powerful personal computer of today would have [stayed] an impossibility .

Hellenistic civilization remained Greek in language , customs and above all in self-consciousness .
hellenistic civilization [stayed] greek in language , customs and above all in self-consciousness .

The Jews basically remained convinced of the superiority of their beliefs and ways of life and fought for them .
the jews basically [stayed] convinced of the superiority of their beliefs and ways of life and fought for them .

Since the time of Attila many factors have contributed to the erosion of the Hellenistic view of the world , but homo Europaeus has remained intellectually conditioned by his Hellenistic ancestors .
since the time of attila many factors have contributed to the erosion of the hellenistic view of the world , but homo europaeus has [stayed] intellectually conditioned by his hellenistic ancestors .

The Etruscans remained mysterious to the Greeks — one of the many reasons why they are still mysterious to us .
the etruscans [stayed] mysterious to the greeks — one of the many reasons why they are still mysterious to us .

Diplomatic and military history had never been so subtly and competently written before Polybius , and the brilliance of Posidonius ' social analysis remained unmatched throughout antiquity .
diplomatic and military history had never been so subtly and competently written before polybius , and the brilliance of posidonius ' social analysis [stayed] unmatched throughout antiquity .

Pure monotheism was by then securely established in the Second Temple of Jerusalem , but remained shaky elsewhere .
pure monotheism was by then securely established in the second temple of jerusalem , but [stayed] shaky elsewhere .

In Palestine and Babylonia Hebrew had remained a literary language .
in palestine and babylonia hebrew had [stayed] a literary language .

The bare notion of the will remained important for him and , along with it , the presupposition of irrational nature and the special value of art , but much of the doctrine was no longer operative in this thinking .
the bare notion of the will [stayed] important for him and , along with it , the presupposition of irrational nature and the special value of art , but much of the doctrine was no longer operative in this thinking .

It was during the Germania period that Nietzsche 's inclination toward ancient Greece seems to have taken its first definite shape , although his distaste for specialization remained .
it was during the germania period that nietzsche 's inclination toward ancient greece seems to have taken its first definite shape , although his distaste for specialization [stayed] .

Nietzsche 's musical attitudes remained more or less constant until the summer of 1868 , when the conversion to Wagner began .
nietzsche 's musical attitudes [stayed] more or less constant until the summer of 1868 , when the conversion to wagner began .

By 1868 Schopenhauer remained a central fact of life for Nietzsche , but hardly , in himself , a source of fresh inspiration ; if anything , Nietzsche 's more critical attitude towards this first deux maximus had left something of a vacuum .
by 1868 schopenhauer [stayed] a central fact of life for nietzsche , but hardly , in himself , a source of fresh inspiration ; if anything , nietzsche 's more critical attitude towards this first deux maximus had left something of a vacuum .

Still others remained in Cumbria .
still others [stayed] in cumbria .

Carriage on the railway remained constant for 20 years or more at 413 per ton .
carriage on the railway [stayed] constant for 20 years or more at 413 per ton .

Gunpowder , blasting powder or black-powder , remained in constant use until replaced by dynamite , which possesses a much greater shattering faculty .
gunpowder , blasting powder or black-powder , [stayed] in constant use until replaced by dynamite , which possesses a much greater shattering faculty .

Oddly for years , it remained permissible to use an iron or steel stemmer providing it was not upon the `` … wadding or the first part of the tamping or stemming on the powder … `` Furthermore it became against regulations to `` unramm `` a charge of powder which had mis-fired .
oddly for years , it [stayed] permissible to use an iron or steel stemmer providing it was not upon the `` … wadding or the first part of the tamping or stemming on the powder … `` furthermore it became against regulations to `` unramm `` a charge of powder which had mis-fired .

It was Taylor 's opinion that their experience had proved that although a considerable quantity of ore remained to be got from the various veins , the expenses of all kinds in the district , remote as it was from other mining fields , prevented fair remuneration for risking capital and exerting their skill .
it was taylor 's opinion that their experience had proved that although a considerable quantity of ore [stayed] to be got from the various veins , the expenses of all kinds in the district , remote as it was from other mining fields , prevented fair remuneration for risking capital and exerting their skill .

As the data from a statistically more developed country in Table 2 demonstrate , though there were drastic changes in the level of infant mortality which decreased by two thirds during the last three decades , the relationship between maternal age and infant mortality , as shown by the quadrennial data , remained basically the same .
as the data from a statistically more developed country in table 2 demonstrate , though there were drastic changes in the level of infant mortality which decreased by two thirds during the last three decades , the relationship between maternal age and infant mortality , as shown by the quadrennial data , [stayed] basically the same .

As a consequence of the differential rate of decline ( although the basic , mainly biologically determined relationship between maternal age and infant mortality remained unchanged ) important modifications of its characteristics developed .
as a consequence of the differential rate of decline ( although the basic , mainly biologically determined relationship between maternal age and infant mortality [stayed] unchanged ) important modifications of its characteristics developed .

Halling Church remained a small building with a low spire until 1877 when the whole of the nave was rebuilt .
halling church [stayed] a small building with a low spire until 1877 when the whole of the nave was rebuilt .

The same writer also states : `` The Bishop of Rochester remained at Hailing and Trottescliffe , where he conferred orders in both places and at certain intervals , `` he continues , `` this mortality swept away so vast a multitude of both sexes that none could be found to carry the corpses to the grave , men and women bore their own offspring to the Church and cast them into a common pit , and from these pits came such a great stench that hardly anyone dared cross the cemeteries . ``
the same writer also states : `` the bishop of rochester [stayed] at hailing and trottescliffe , where he conferred orders in both places and at certain intervals , `` he continues , `` this mortality swept away so vast a multitude of both sexes that none could be found to carry the corpses to the grave , men and women bore their own offspring to the church and cast them into a common pit , and from these pits came such a great stench that hardly anyone dared cross the cemeteries . ``

But its days were now numbered , as with the coming of the cement industry whatever remained was adapted or destroyed to build the factory which in its turn was to become derelict in less than 50 years .
but its days were now numbered , as with the coming of the cement industry whatever [stayed] was adapted or destroyed to build the factory which in its turn was to become derelict in less than 50 years .

The materials were broken down and thoroughly mixed and were then led into a `` back `` where the slurry remained for several weeks while the water was gradually drained off .
the materials were broken down and thoroughly mixed and were then led into a `` back `` where the slurry [stayed] for several weeks while the water was gradually drained off .

She often had to get up at about 4.0 a.m. to row workmen across and the ferry remained open until 10.0 p.m .
she often had to get up at about 4.0 a.m. to row workmen across and the ferry [stayed] open until 10.0 p.m .

Next day Balcha sent a force to escort my father to the town : my mother , who was pregnant and tired , remained in camp — and would regret it all her life .
next day balcha sent a force to escort my father to the town : my mother , who was pregnant and tired , [stayed] in camp — and would regret it all her life .

Fasiladas established his capital at Gondar , just north of Lake Tana , and there the hitherto peripatetic court remained for two hundred years .
fasiladas established his capital at gondar , just north of lake tana , and there the hitherto peripatetic court [stayed] for two hundred years .

He failed to achieve this but remained in the country with his friend John Bell .
he failed to achieve this but [stayed] in the country with his friend john bell .

One force that probed towards the plateau was destroyed , but the Italian threat remained .
one force that probed towards the plateau was destroyed , but the italian threat [stayed] .

The town remained absolutely quiet , the population receiving the news with satisfaction and relief .
the town [stayed] absolutely quiet , the population receiving the news with satisfaction and relief .

Lij Yasu remained for a while round Harar .
lij yasu [stayed] for a while round harar .

It remained to be seen whether these four armies could be united before Negus Mikael could blockade Ras Lul Seged and Fitaurari Gelli in Ankober and advance into the plain of Debra Berhan where the first battle was expected to take place .
it [stayed] to be seen whether these four armies could be united before negus mikael could blockade ras lul seged and fitaurari gelli in ankober and advance into the plain of debra berhan where the first battle was expected to take place .

The country remained in a disturbed state .
the country [stayed] in a disturbed state .

The Sorrento remained four days at Constantinople .
the sorrento [stayed] four days at constantinople .

He camped a few miles outside the town and there remained , determined to outface Ras Tafari , whom he discounted as astute but weak .
he camped a few miles outside the town and there [stayed] , determined to outface ras tafari , whom he discounted as astute but weak .

This was his supreme moment ; yet his delicate face and sombre eyes remained impassive , showed no vestige of emotion .
this was his supreme moment ; yet his delicate face and sombre eyes [stayed] impassive , showed no vestige of emotion .

Nesbitt had met the Sultan on the outskirts of Aussa and been given permission to continue northwards across the lava desert to Eritrea , but was forbidden to enter Aussa , which remained unexplored .
nesbitt had met the sultan on the outskirts of aussa and been given permission to continue northwards across the lava desert to eritrea , but was forbidden to enter aussa , which [stayed] unexplored .

It now remained to be seen whether this headman would be able to hand us over to another in Bahdu .
it now [stayed] to be seen whether this headman would be able to hand us over to another in bahdu .

It is possible that in many studies such hybrid searches have remained undetected , particularly if users were questioned prior to the catalogue consultation .
it is possible that in many studies such hybrid searches have [stayed] undetected , particularly if users were questioned prior to the catalogue consultation .

We soon came upon a fascinating group of ancient dwellings , all that remained of the old village where the last inhabitants of Rona lived in primitive conditions and awful isolation until their final evacuation in 1844 .
we soon came upon a fascinating group of ancient dwellings , all that [stayed] of the old village where the last inhabitants of rona lived in primitive conditions and awful isolation until their final evacuation in 1844 .

At the time of her launching Searcher was still far from completed and much work remained to be carried out , including the installation of the Paxman Valenta engines , delivery of which had been delayed .
at the time of her launching searcher was still far from completed and much work [stayed] to be carried out , including the installation of the paxman valenta engines , delivery of which had been delayed .

The remaining patients ( 23 ) have remained asymptomatic with respect to the biliary system or have died of unrelated causes at amedian of 13 months ( range 5–24 ) .
the remaining patients ( 23 ) have [stayed] asymptomatic with respect to the biliary system or have died of unrelated causes at amedian of 13 months ( range 5–24 ) .

In 1984 Siegel reported 22 cases with long term stenting ( > 3 months ) , two patients ahd the proximal end of the pigtail placed accidentally within the gall bladder , all remained asymptomatic for a mean of 16.3 months .
in 1984 siegel reported 22 cases with long term stenting ( > 3 months ) , two patients ahd the proximal end of the pigtail placed accidentally within the gall bladder , all [stayed] asymptomatic for a mean of 16.3 months .

Endoscopic laser Doppler flowmetry was used to measure neoterminal ileal blood flow in 16 patients who had undergone ileocolonic resection for Crohn 's disease and had since remained clinically and biochemically free of disease , and eight control patients who had undergone similar surgery for colonic carcinoma .
endoscopic laser doppler flowmetry was used to measure neoterminal ileal blood flow in 16 patients who had undergone ileocolonic resection for crohn 's disease and had since [stayed] clinically and biochemically free of disease , and eight control patients who had undergone similar surgery for colonic carcinoma .

Endoscopic laser Doppler flowmetry was used to perform a controlled study of neoterminal ileal blood flow in patients whose Crohn 's disease had remained clinically and biochemically inactive after ileocolonic resection .
endoscopic laser doppler flowmetry was used to perform a controlled study of neoterminal ileal blood flow in patients whose crohn 's disease had [stayed] clinically and biochemically inactive after ileocolonic resection .

It remained at this value for a further 20 minutes before rising again to 3.5 ( 0.5 ) by 30 minutes and then falling back to baseline by 2.5 hours .
it [stayed] at this value for a further 20 minutes before rising again to 3.5 ( 0.5 ) by 30 minutes and then falling back to baseline by 2.5 hours .

Populations of plasma cells , increased 10 fold above those of lymphocytes , were responsive to gluten restriction ( p=0.02 ) but mast cell populations remained unchanged ( Fig 3 ) .
populations of plasma cells , increased 10 fold above those of lymphocytes , were responsive to gluten restriction ( p=0.02 ) but mast cell populations [stayed] unchanged ( fig 3 ) .

With few exceptions ( see below ) , all the haematological and biochemical values were normal at the start of the study and remained so throughout .
with few exceptions ( see below ) , all the haematological and biochemical values were normal at the start of the study and [stayed] so throughout .

In these and the remaining 70 patients , the serum lipids remained unchanged throughout the study .
in these and the remaining 70 patients , the serum lipids [stayed] unchanged throughout the study .

During the trial , the sugar scores remained constant in both tablet groups but , as intended , the scores in the diet group fell by an average of 40–48 % .
during the trial , the sugar scores [stayed] constant in both tablet groups but , as intended , the scores in the diet group fell by an average of 40–48 % .

In all three groups , however , the mean values remained constant throughout the study — again implying good compliance in controlling sugar , as well as fibre , intake .
in all three groups , however , the mean values [stayed] constant throughout the study — again implying good compliance in controlling sugar , as well as fibre , intake .

These proportions remained unchanged when the data were analysed for sex and for site in both series .
these proportions [stayed] unchanged when the data were analysed for sex and for site in both series .

The patient in whom sphincterotomy was performed had a reduced analgesic requirement for three months but subsequently relapsed ; pain control remained a problem to death at 19 months , with progression of the cholangiographic abnormalities shown at 15 months ( Fig 4 ) .
the patient in whom sphincterotomy was performed had a reduced analgesic requirement for three months but subsequently relapsed ; pain control [stayed] a problem to death at 19 months , with progression of the cholangiographic abnormalities shown at 15 months ( fig 4 ) .

In 13 cases liver function tests improved or remained static from the time of diagnosis , and have remained normal in two of those still alive who had normal values at diagnosis .
in 13 cases liver function tests improved or [stayed] static from the time of diagnosis , and have [stayed] normal in two of those still alive who had normal values at diagnosis .

It is remarkable that , in spite of the progressive fall in plasma docosahexaenoic acid values as inflammatory bowel disease became more severe , its mean value always remained above the mean value of this n3 polyunsaturated fatty acid in healthy individuals .
it is remarkable that , in spite of the progressive fall in plasma docosahexaenoic acid values as inflammatory bowel disease became more severe , its mean value always [stayed] above the mean value of this n3 polyunsaturated fatty acid in healthy individuals .

It is also noteworthy that in mild disease , concentrations of long n6 polyunsaturated fatty acids , especially arachidonic acid , also remained above those in healthy controls .
it is also noteworthy that in mild disease , concentrations of long n6 polyunsaturated fatty acids , especially arachidonic acid , also [stayed] above those in healthy controls .

Patients who remained ulcer free attended for clinical review every two months and had a mandatory endoscopy at 0 , 4 , 8 , and 12 months or if symptoms suggestive of ulcer recurrence developed .
patients who [stayed] ulcer free attended for clinical review every two months and had a mandatory endoscopy at 0 , 4 , 8 , and 12 months or if symptoms suggestive of ulcer recurrence developed .

The 55 week interval represents the longest time that any patient remained in the trial .
the 55 week interval represents the longest time that any patient [stayed] in the trial .

Eleven patients have remained free of stones throughout ; two patients with fragments noted at three months were clear at six months after continued oral bile acid treatment .
eleven patients have [stayed] free of stones throughout ; two patients with fragments noted at three months were clear at six months after continued oral bile acid treatment .

In the basal condition as well as under pentagastrin infusion choline outputs remained below 10 µmol/hr ( mean=1.5 ( 0.8 ) and 4 ( 2 ) µmol/h , respectively ) .
in the basal condition as well as under pentagastrin infusion choline outputs [stayed] below 10 µmol/hr ( mean=1.5 ( 0.8 ) and 4 ( 2 ) µmol/h , respectively ) .

Yet , choline output remained below 10 µg/h showing that lipidic material purified from gastric juice was not of biliopancreatic origin .
yet , choline output [stayed] below 10 µg/h showing that lipidic material purified from gastric juice was not of biliopancreatic origin .

The frequency of obstruction seems to have remained constant throughout the series even though there has been a tendency to use loop ilesostomy more sparingly with increasing experience .
the frequency of obstruction seems to have [stayed] constant throughout the series even though there has been a tendency to use loop ilesostomy more sparingly with increasing experience .

The patients ' usual dose of other medications taken for colitis such as oral mesalazine , olsalazine , sulphasalazine , and corticosteroids taken in the previous month remained unchanged throughout the trial .
the patients ' usual dose of other medications taken for colitis such as oral mesalazine , olsalazine , sulphasalazine , and corticosteroids taken in the previous month [stayed] unchanged throughout the trial .

During the reintroductions phase , eight ( of 28 ) patients remained symptom free .
during the reintroductions phase , eight ( of 28 ) patients [stayed] symptom free .

Radicality of surgery remained the most important survival factor .
radicality of surgery [stayed] the most important survival factor .

While the serum activities of alanine transaminase and asparate transaminase remained normal during and after lithotripsy , the activities of the slightly raised alkaline phosphatase and gammaGT persisted .
while the serum activities of alanine transaminase and asparate transaminase [stayed] normal during and after lithotripsy , the activities of the slightly raised alkaline phosphatase and gammagt persisted .

The possibility of injection with local anaesthetic was mentioned to the referring general practitioner in some cases to be considered if the pain remained a problem .
the possibility of injection with local anaesthetic was mentioned to the referring general practitioner in some cases to be considered if the pain [stayed] a problem .

With placebo treatment , the pH in the distal oesophagus ( sensor position 5 cm above the lower oesophageal sphincter ) remained below 4.0 during 10 ( 3.2–32.6 ) % ( n=18 ) of the 24 hour recording period ( Fig 1 ) .
with placebo treatment , the ph in the distal oesophagus ( sensor position 5 cm above the lower oesophageal sphincter ) [stayed] below 4.0 during 10 ( 3.2–32.6 ) % ( n=18 ) of the 24 hour recording period ( fig 1 ) .

Two patients had experienced diarrhoea for 25 and 27 years respectively , which had remained unexplained .
two patients had experienced diarrhoea for 25 and 27 years respectively , which had [stayed] unexplained .

Transjugular liver biopsy on 10 may 1989 showed severe hepatitis with multiacinar necrosis ( fig 1 ) ; only occasional lobules remained .
transjugular liver biopsy on 10 may 1989 showed severe hepatitis with multiacinar necrosis ( fig 1 ) ; only occasional lobules [stayed] .

The cholesterol/phospholipid ratio of the non-vesicular phase remained stable upon the addition of egg lecithin .
the cholesterol/phospholipid ratio of the non-vesicular phase [stayed] stable upon the addition of egg lecithin .

Palmitic stearic phosphatidylcholine and phosphatidylethanolamine shifted cholesterol almost completely to the vesicular phase whereas after the addition of other phosphatidylcholines biliary cholesterol remained in the non-vesicular phase .
palmitic stearic phosphatidylcholine and phosphatidylethanolamine shifted cholesterol almost completely to the vesicular phase whereas after the addition of other phosphatidylcholines biliary cholesterol [stayed] in the non-vesicular phase .

Despite these and other reports the role of central neural regulation of hepatic secretory function remained poorly defined .
despite these and other reports the role of central neural regulation of hepatic secretory function [stayed] poorly defined .

After four weeks after prednisolone therapy ( five ) the sore of inflammation decreased in a lesser extent : two with moderate mucosal inflammatory cell infiltration remained at moderate , two with mild musocal inflammatory cell infiltration returned to normal ( absent ) and one with intense mucosal inflammatory cell infiltration decreased to mild .
after four weeks after prednisolone therapy ( five ) the sore of inflammation decreased in a lesser extent : two with moderate mucosal inflammatory cell infiltration [stayed] at moderate , two with mild musocal inflammatory cell infiltration returned to normal ( absent ) and one with intense mucosal inflammatory cell infiltration decreased to mild .

Nodular argyrophil cell hyperplasia and morphometric density of argyrophil cells were not stable phenomena : nodular hyperplasias regressed in five patients , remained similar in six , and progressed to a small carcinoid tumour in one .
nodular argyrophil cell hyperplasia and morphometric density of argyrophil cells were not stable phenomena : nodular hyperplasias regressed in five patients , [stayed] similar in six , and progressed to a small carcinoid tumour in one .

In patients with ulcerative colitis who underwent a total ( nine ) or subtotal ( five ) colectomy the percentage of perinuclear antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody positivity remained unchanged regardless of the time passed after colectomy ( maximum duration of follow up was over 20 years ) .
in patients with ulcerative colitis who underwent a total ( nine ) or subtotal ( five ) colectomy the percentage of perinuclear antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody positivity [stayed] unchanged regardless of the time passed after colectomy ( maximum duration of follow up was over 20 years ) .

All patients ( 90 % ) who were free of obstruction from hyperplasia six months after implantation , remained asymptomatic subsequently .
all patients ( 90 % ) who were free of obstruction from hyperplasia six months after implantation , [stayed] asymptomatic subsequently .

In Great Britain , the market remained depressed .
in great britain , the market [stayed] depressed .

Hennessy has , however , remained extremely profitable .
hennessy has , however , [stayed] extremely profitable .

What remained
what [stayed]

Franklin had once written a letter to Sir Ralph which the Member thought highly offensive and relations between them had since remained frigid .
franklin had once written a letter to sir ralph which the member thought highly offensive and relations between them had since [stayed] frigid .

The ‘ chair ’ remained stone-faced .
the ‘ chair ’ [stayed] stone-faced .

In the gallery , Charles Harvey 's fingers remained painfully crossed .
in the gallery , charles harvey 's fingers [stayed] painfully crossed .

However many prettily-painted Eleanors might lurk inside that dumpy frame , the combined influence of an overbearing father and a domineering husband would ensure that they remained securely locked away .
however many prettily-painted eleanors might lurk inside that dumpy frame , the combined influence of an overbearing father and a domineering husband would ensure that they [stayed] securely locked away .

When Barney opened the door to Melissa he greeted her with a smile but his eyes remained grave .
when barney opened the door to melissa he greeted her with a smile but his eyes [stayed] grave .

The question of how far the report would be a public document remained unanswered and therefore the extent to which it was an accountability exercise was not made clear to staff .
the question of how far the report would be a public document [stayed] unanswered and therefore the extent to which it was an accountability exercise was not made clear to staff .

Usually , if relations were good before the inspection , they remained good throughout .
usually , if relations were good before the inspection , they [stayed] good throughout .

Most of the value in video work remained in the area of classroom organization and the teacher gaining control over the class and facilitating day to day survival .
most of the value in video work [stayed] in the area of classroom organization and the teacher gaining control over the class and facilitating day to day survival .

The Head of Department asked about group size and who had provided the paints ( the parents had ) and whether the parents at this school would . The Director of Studies remained critical :
the head of department asked about group size and who had provided the paints ( the parents had ) and whether the parents at this school would . the director of studies [stayed] critical :

Individual reports to the Art teachers based on their appraisals had not been drafted , the problems of storage space , blackout , and the inadequate cleaning of the Pottery Hut remained unresolved , and the hoped-for move to adjacent rooms had not occurred .
individual reports to the art teachers based on their appraisals had not been drafted , the problems of storage space , blackout , and the inadequate cleaning of the pottery hut [stayed] unresolved , and the hoped-for move to adjacent rooms had not occurred .

The opening quarter contained several meaty exchanges between the forwards which only the referee , Gerry Kershaw , appeared unaware of but tempers remained mercifully in check .
the opening quarter contained several meaty exchanges between the forwards which only the referee , gerry kershaw , appeared unaware of but tempers [stayed] mercifully in check .

At her considerable best — when her physical angularity , her fluttery , melodramatic flounces and her inclination to treat the most unpretentious line of dialogue as a conversation-stopper were tempered either by a real affinity with the role in question or else by a witty , self-deprecating sense of her own absurdity in it — she remained one of the most consistently spell-binding of Hollywood stars .
at her considerable best — when her physical angularity , her fluttery , melodramatic flounces and her inclination to treat the most unpretentious line of dialogue as a conversation-stopper were tempered either by a real affinity with the role in question or else by a witty , self-deprecating sense of her own absurdity in it — she [stayed] one of the most consistently spell-binding of hollywood stars .

Some of these remained conveniently imprecise ; but in his keynote speech , Neil Kinnock sketched an angle of attack with high potential appeal to the large floating centre of the British electorate .
some of these [stayed] conveniently imprecise ; but in his keynote speech , neil kinnock sketched an angle of attack with high potential appeal to the large floating centre of the british electorate .

The 12,000 American troops in Panama remained on the highest state of alert and largely confined to their bases .
the 12,000 american troops in panama [stayed] on the highest state of alert and largely confined to their bases .

The hen-house door remained firmly shut .
the hen-house door [stayed] firmly shut .

Hundreds of Western tourists were again turned away at crossing points in the Berlin Wall yesterday as East Berlin remained sealed off to all but those with regular visas for the fourth day running .
hundreds of western tourists were again turned away at crossing points in the berlin wall yesterday as east berlin [stayed] sealed off to all but those with regular visas for the fourth day running .

Major problems remained .
major problems [stayed] .

Why , then , has the body plan remained the same when the way of life has changed ?
why , then , has the body plan [stayed] the same when the way of life has changed ?

Some landowners were from time to time able to obtain , by favour or by purchase , a royal grant of the right to hunt the lesser beasts of the forest , such as fox , wild cat and hare , but rarely the deer ; the general prohibition remained .
some landowners were from time to time able to obtain , by favour or by purchase , a royal grant of the right to hunt the lesser beasts of the forest , such as fox , wild cat and hare , but rarely the deer ; the general prohibition [stayed] .

Edward remained unwilling to surrender the Forest rights of his Crown .
edward [stayed] unwilling to surrender the forest rights of his crown .

’ During this period control of the Crown over what remained of the Forest administration dwindled away .
’ during this period control of the crown over what [stayed] of the forest administration dwindled away .

In Staffordshire the forest of Cannock had virtually ceased to exist by the end of Elizabeth 's reign , and in Kinver Forest only Iverley Hay remained in the hands of the Crown , and even there the deer had disappeared , and the woods for the most part had been cut down .
in staffordshire the forest of cannock had virtually ceased to exist by the end of elizabeth 's reign , and in kinver forest only iverley hay [stayed] in the hands of the crown , and even there the deer had disappeared , and the woods for the most part had been cut down .

The Forest was restricted to the south-western corner of the county , and these limits remained until the final disappearance of the Forest in the nineteenth century .
the forest was restricted to the south-western corner of the county , and these limits [stayed] until the final disappearance of the forest in the nineteenth century .

Yet the Crown derived little profit from the herds of deer which still remained in some forests : the Forest of Dean , for example , had in 1788 ‘ supplied only Four Bucks and Four Does Annually for the last Seven Years ’ .
yet the crown derived little profit from the herds of deer which still [stayed] in some forests : the forest of dean , for example , had in 1788 ‘ supplied only four bucks and four does annually for the last seven years ’ .

Finally , by the Epping Forest Act of 1878 what remained of the forest of Essex was disafforested .
finally , by the epping forest act of 1878 what [stayed] of the forest of essex was disafforested .

Among these tracts were two written by a Scotsman , James Harryson or Henderson , merchant of Edinburgh , who had joined Somerset in 1544 and been an English pensioner since 1546 : An Exhortion to the Scottes ( 1547 ) and The Godly and Golden Booke for Concorde of England and Scotland ( 1548 ) , which remained unprinted because , ironically enough , the Scot was continuing the propaganda battle on behalf of England after the English had withdrawn from it .
among these tracts were two written by a scotsman , james harryson or henderson , merchant of edinburgh , who had joined somerset in 1544 and been an english pensioner since 1546 : an exhortion to the scottes ( 1547 ) and the godly and golden booke for concorde of england and scotland ( 1548 ) , which [stayed] unprinted because , ironically enough , the scot was continuing the propaganda battle on behalf of england after the english had withdrawn from it .

The Scots themselves remained divided , on religious as well as political grounds .
the scots themselves [stayed] divided , on religious as well as political grounds .

Her famous ‘ four Maries ’ — Beaton , Seton , Fleming and Livingstone — who had accompanied her to France , remained there with her , to join the new friends in France , the king 's daughters Elisabeth and Claude , the dauphin Francis , and the other royal children .
her famous ‘ four maries ’ — beaton , seton , fleming and livingstone — who had accompanied her to france , [stayed] there with her , to join the new friends in france , the king 's daughters elisabeth and claude , the dauphin francis , and the other royal children .

Meanwhile , the Protestants remained in their position of impotence .
meanwhile , the protestants [stayed] in their position of impotence .

And as things stood in 1558 , she could still afford to wait ; for the Protestants , whatever their renewed fervour within Scotland , still had no support from outside , and without such support their chances of success remained remote .
and as things stood in 1558 , she could still afford to wait ; for the protestants , whatever their renewed fervour within scotland , still had no support from outside , and without such support their chances of success [stayed] remote .

Through all the vicissitudes of history , the crown came to embody Hungarian nationality and the Kingship remained elective , so that it was still possible for Hungarians in 1860 to deny Francis Joseph sovereignty because he had not been crowned with the crown of St Stephen .
through all the vicissitudes of history , the crown came to embody hungarian nationality and the kingship [stayed] elective , so that it was still possible for hungarians in 1860 to deny francis joseph sovereignty because he had not been crowned with the crown of st stephen .

Even if the man drifted close to sleep , which the stillness encouraged , the union remained unbroken .
even if the man drifted close to sleep , which the stillness encouraged , the union [stayed] unbroken .

Plans once agreed could be unmade , at a practical level , but somehow , and on some other level , what had been planned remained a possibility and hung around to haunt them .
plans once agreed could be unmade , at a practical level , but somehow , and on some other level , what had been planned [stayed] a possibility and hung around to haunt them .

It was a relief to know that the house had not been depleted and that it remained uncontaminated .
it was a relief to know that the house had not been depleted and that it [stayed] uncontaminated .

Throughout the century the basic problem remained the same : a wide divergence meant that while some men were extremely well paid , others , no less devoted or hard working , lived in straitened circumstances .
throughout the century the basic problem [stayed] the same : a wide divergence meant that while some men were extremely well paid , others , no less devoted or hard working , lived in straitened circumstances .

While there were many ministers who advocated the ‘ social gospel ’ the majority remained orthodox in their belief and teaching .
while there were many ministers who advocated the ‘ social gospel ’ the majority [stayed] orthodox in their belief and teaching .

For Congregationalists the percentage with a college training remained , surprisingly , the same .
for congregationalists the percentage with a college training [stayed] , surprisingly , the same .

After 1893 expenditure fell although enrolment remained virtually at the 1890 level .
after 1893 expenditure fell although enrolment [stayed] virtually at the 1890 level .

If , on the other hand , they had remained loyal to the meetinghouse style they would have still been criticized for not having a style which met the needs of their time .
if , on the other hand , they had [stayed] loyal to the meetinghouse style they would have still been criticized for not having a style which met the needs of their time .

To Methodists the talk of collectivism remained largely a political debate because , despite their numerous schisms , all five Methodist connexions had strong central authorities much envied by some Baptists and Congregationalists .
to methodists the talk of collectivism [stayed] largely a political debate because , despite their numerous schisms , all five methodist connexions had strong central authorities much envied by some baptists and congregationalists .

And thus it was that when the day shift set off back to the Barracks that evening , Jackie Tiptoe remained behind , suspended from the ceiling like a crooked spider snarled up in its own web .
and thus it was that when the day shift set off back to the barracks that evening , jackie tiptoe [stayed] behind , suspended from the ceiling like a crooked spider snarled up in its own web .

There was no quarantine area , so Evelyn simply remained in the female Barracks during the day .
there was no quarantine area , so evelyn simply [stayed] in the female barracks during the day .

But to Evelyn , hope remained sweet .
but to evelyn , hope [stayed] sweet .

It has been a great joy to me that we have remained a very close family .
it has been a great joy to me that we have [stayed] a very close family .

The day in some respects remained incredibly the same .
the day in some respects [stayed] incredibly the same .

One way out remained .
one way out [stayed] .

From 1949 to the late 1950s , Paisley remained on the fringes of Unionist politics .
from 1949 to the late 1950s , paisley [stayed] on the fringes of unionist politics .

O'Neill survived but as he goes on to record : ‘ The Catholic streets in Belfast became and remained a forest of Irish Republican flags for the duration of the celebrations .
o'neill survived but as he goes on to record : ‘ the catholic streets in belfast became and [stayed] a forest of irish republican flags for the duration of the celebrations .

It is Protestant perceptions which explain their actions and those perceptions were amplifying the fundamental divisions between those unionists who remained committed to pragmatic reform , either because they believed in liberal unionism or because they believed that satisfying the Westminster government 's demands for reform was the only way to maintain Stormont , and the right-wingers who wanted to preserve traditional unionism .
it is protestant perceptions which explain their actions and those perceptions were amplifying the fundamental divisions between those unionists who [stayed] committed to pragmatic reform , either because they believed in liberal unionism or because they believed that satisfying the westminster government 's demands for reform was the only way to maintain stormont , and the right-wingers who wanted to preserve traditional unionism .

The second grouping centred on William Craig who remained in the Unionist Party despite his constant criticisms of its direction .
the second grouping centred on william craig who [stayed] in the unionist party despite his constant criticisms of its direction .

Many activists in Paisley 's Protestant Unionist Party insist that they would never have become involved in politics if there had remained one reliable traditional unionist party .
many activists in paisley 's protestant unionist party insist that they would never have become involved in politics if there had [stayed] one reliable traditional unionist party .

But he remained only one of three competitors for the leadership of the loyalists .
but he [stayed] only one of three competitors for the leadership of the loyalists .

Some , such as Cecil Menary of Crossgar , remained largely uninvolved , but most found themselves becoming increasingly involved in public criticism of O'Neillism .
some , such as cecil menary of crossgar , [stayed] largely uninvolved , but most found themselves becoming increasingly involved in public criticism of o'neillism .

The Free Presbyterians can be divided into a very small group of what one man called ‘ the bible college — God bless you brother — every blessing ’ types who remained distant from politics ; the majority who saw themselves as being unionist , but not especially so , who were forced into political activity by the alliance of O'Neillism and the ecumenical movement ; and a small circle of fully politicized ministers .
the free presbyterians can be divided into a very small group of what one man called ‘ the bible college — god bless you brother — every blessing ’ types who [stayed] distant from politics ; the majority who saw themselves as being unionist , but not especially so , who were forced into political activity by the alliance of o'neillism and the ecumenical movement ; and a small circle of fully politicized ministers .

However , in spite of having continually plundered Arabia through the centuries and taken thousands of its best horses , by the beginning of this century few of their descendants remained and those that did were in a very sorry state of deterioration .
however , in spite of having continually plundered arabia through the centuries and taken thousands of its best horses , by the beginning of this century few of their descendants [stayed] and those that did were in a very sorry state of deterioration .

So Honey 's owner decided to get a helper to hold a bucket of oats and alfalfa chaff for Honey to eat while she herself mounted her , and this was done in such a relaxed and calm fashion that Honey also remained calm and went on eating .
so honey 's owner decided to get a helper to hold a bucket of oats and alfalfa chaff for honey to eat while she herself mounted her , and this was done in such a relaxed and calm fashion that honey also [stayed] calm and went on eating .

When Mrs Thatcher and President Reagan both spoke at the United Nations ' 4Oth Anniversary in 1985 they used the same autocue , which remained in a fixed position .
when mrs thatcher and president reagan both spoke at the united nations ' 4oth anniversary in 1985 they used the same autocue , which [stayed] in a fixed position .

But having had his look at the outside Phar Lap returned to join the rest of the pack , and though he remained at the rear he was going very easily .
but having had his look at the outside phar lap returned to join the rest of the pack , and though he [stayed] at the rear he was going very easily .

Liverpool beckoned , just so long as his legs remained sound .
liverpool beckoned , just so long as his legs [stayed] sound .

He remained at home where Mary nursed him until he died fifteen months later .
he [stayed] at home where mary nursed him until he died fifteen months later .

Oreste , in Ellen 's notes , remained hidden from her .
oreste , in ellen 's notes , [stayed] hidden from her .

On the contrary , the question she saw hovering behind Miss Violet 's innocent query remained at the forefront of her mind right up to the day the Brownings returned to the Casa Guidi .
on the contrary , the question she saw hovering behind miss violet 's innocent query [stayed] at the forefront of her mind right up to the day the brownings returned to the casa guidi .

The tray remained untouched .
the tray [stayed] untouched .

It remained with her throughout the month the Brownings spent in Florence , before going to Rome , and nothing seemed to lift it .
it [stayed] with her throughout the month the brownings spent in florence , before going to rome , and nothing seemed to lift it .

Of all the nurses she had known only Minnie Robinson had remained loved and revered and even now , when she was old and pensioned off , Miss Arabel visited her faithfully and turned to her in complete trust for advice and comfort .
of all the nurses she had known only minnie robinson had [stayed] loved and revered and even now , when she was old and pensioned off , miss arabel visited her faithfully and turned to her in complete trust for advice and comfort .

Around the same proportion of the population , according to the same surveys , never thought of giving up the struggle to the end — or recovered from such defeatist notions — and it is fair to presume that for them Hitler remained the symbol of continued hope and determination .
around the same proportion of the population , according to the same surveys , never thought of giving up the struggle to the end — or recovered from such defeatist notions — and it is fair to presume that for them hitler [stayed] the symbol of continued hope and determination .

’ The ‘ crucifix action ’ illustrates how strong the ‘ Führer myth ’ still remained .
’ the ‘ crucifix action ’ illustrates how strong the ‘ führer myth ’ still [stayed] .

What political integration still remained had now for the most part little to do with Nazi idealism or belief in the genius of the Führer , but in the common fear of the consequences of defeat and hatred of the enemy coupled with reserves of patriotic defiance .
what political integration still [stayed] had now for the most part little to do with nazi idealism or belief in the genius of the führer , but in the common fear of the consequences of defeat and hatred of the enemy coupled with reserves of patriotic defiance .

The ‘ Führer myth ’ remained relatively strong in a second important group — that of ordinary Front soldiers .
the ‘ führer myth ’ [stayed] relatively strong in a second important group — that of ordinary front soldiers .

Substantial reserves of support for Hitler still remained .
substantial reserves of support for hitler still [stayed] .

The statement of the Propaganda Minister that Hitler had a ‘ sixth sense ’ for seeing what remained hidden to ordinary mortals was sarcastically said by a young secretary to explain his choice of Italy as an ally .
the statement of the propaganda minister that hitler had a ‘ sixth sense ’ for seeing what [stayed] hidden to ordinary mortals was sarcastically said by a young secretary to explain his choice of italy as an ally .

What is , however , abundantly clear is that , unlike the 1930s , Hitler was prepared , indeed anxious , to be publicly associated during the war with the most radical steps in the ‘ Jewish Question ’ , even though , of course , his horrific statements remained couched in vile generalities , avoiding any specific reference to the details of the ‘ Final Solution ’ , which were intended to remain entirely secret .
what is , however , abundantly clear is that , unlike the 1930s , hitler was prepared , indeed anxious , to be publicly associated during the war with the most radical steps in the ‘ jewish question ’ , even though , of course , his horrific statements [stayed] couched in vile generalities , avoiding any specific reference to the details of the ‘ final solution ’ , which were intended to remain entirely secret .

In some ways Alison seems very cool about her condition and has remained detached from the experiences she is describing .
in some ways alison seems very cool about her condition and has [stayed] detached from the experiences she is describing .

Philosophers could argue against them , playwrights could mock them , but their following remained strong among the many who felt that one can not be too careful not to offend the cosmic powers .
philosophers could argue against them , playwrights could mock them , but their following [stayed] strong among the many who felt that one can not be too careful not to offend the cosmic powers .

In one form or another Gnosticism has permanently remained an underground concomitant of the church .
in one form or another gnosticism has permanently [stayed] an underground concomitant of the church .

But care for the poor remained a prime task of bishops .
but care for the poor [stayed] a prime task of bishops .

Whether or not the work is by Hippolytus , the document is a major source for early liturgy and is the first text to witness to liturgical patterns which have remained in use .
whether or not the work is by hippolytus , the document is a major source for early liturgy and is the first text to witness to liturgical patterns which have [stayed] in use .

Tatian was also influential for making a harmony of the four gospels which in the Syriac-speaking churches of the East long remained the standard lectionary text .
tatian was also influential for making a harmony of the four gospels which in the syriac-speaking churches of the east long [stayed] the standard lectionary text .

The saints were God 's friends , but they also remained men 's kin .
the saints were god 's friends , but they also [stayed] men 's kin .

There was , however , one troubling group inherited from the Roman past , which remained a permanent feature of the social landscape of Western Europe : the Jews who existed in most Roman towns , in large numbers or small .
there was , however , one troubling group inherited from the roman past , which [stayed] a permanent feature of the social landscape of western europe : the jews who existed in most roman towns , in large numbers or small .

But The Henderson Kids role did not last very long and Dannii still remained the more famous in the Minogue celebrity stakes .
but the henderson kids role did not last very long and dannii still [stayed] the more famous in the minogue celebrity stakes .

When Kylie finally won her biggest break as Charlene in Neighbours she remained modest and unaware that the role would take her to international stardom .
when kylie finally won her biggest break as charlene in neighbours she [stayed] modest and unaware that the role would take her to international stardom .

The mother company , Kylie Incorporated , remained based in Australia .
the mother company , kylie incorporated , [stayed] based in australia .

The O'Donnells of Donegal had built a stone Tudor mansion on the site of a twelfth-century castle , and the walls that remained were of surprising elegance .
the o'donnells of donegal had built a stone tudor mansion on the site of a twelfth-century castle , and the walls that [stayed] were of surprising elegance .

The depictions of the emperor on late Roman gold coins remained unchanged for 150 years from the mid-fourth century ( fig .
the depictions of the emperor on late roman gold coins [stayed] unchanged for 150 years from the mid-fourth century ( fig .

Her iconography remained more or less constant for over a century until the period of the Napoleonic Wars , at the end of the eighteenth century .
her iconography [stayed] more or less constant for over a century until the period of the napoleonic wars , at the end of the eighteenth century .

First , we can use hoards to define the time individual coin types remained in circulation , since we can tell from them how long a particular coin continued to be available for hoarders .
first , we can use hoards to define the time individual coin types [stayed] in circulation , since we can tell from them how long a particular coin continued to be available for hoarders .

Between 1945 and 1974 , according to research analysing the backgrounds of Tory MPs , the back benches remained dominated by the public schools and Oxford and Cambridge .
between 1945 and 1974 , according to research analysing the backgrounds of tory mps , the back benches [stayed] dominated by the public schools and oxford and cambridge .

American diplomats remained in Managua , providing an illusion of reasonable discourse .
american diplomats [stayed] in managua , providing an illusion of reasonable discourse .

Shadows of it still remained at his trial , two years later ; although his lawyer had evidently advised him to tone down the certitude of righteousness , it would slip out .
shadows of it still [stayed] at his trial , two years later ; although his lawyer had evidently advised him to tone down the certitude of righteousness , it would slip out .

So — in Kufra and Ajdabiya , but perhaps not in Benghazi or Tripoli — it remained difficult for even the most devoted young revolutionary to intervene in such conversations to propagate the doctrine .
so — in kufra and ajdabiya , but perhaps not in benghazi or tripoli — it [stayed] difficult for even the most devoted young revolutionary to intervene in such conversations to propagate the doctrine .

Whatever research still went on in that area remained the privilege of Tech-Green itself : unpublished and hidden .
whatever research still went on in that area [stayed] the privilege of tech-green itself : unpublished and hidden .

They had remained friends thereafter , each possessed of a vague disappointment in the other for which they blamed themselves .
they had [stayed] friends thereafter , each possessed of a vague disappointment in the other for which they blamed themselves .

But they remained conscious of each other .
but they [stayed] conscious of each other .

After they had all begun to move away , twitching up astrakhan collars , eyeing him sharply , Gaily remained beside the new grave . He examined the three wreaths :
after they had all begun to move away , twitching up astrakhan collars , eyeing him sharply , gaily [stayed] beside the new grave . he examined the three wreaths :

Isabel remained indoors , taking fresh air at night , in a solitary walk to the bottom of the garden and back , in her old tweed coat .
isabel [stayed] indoors , taking fresh air at night , in a solitary walk to the bottom of the garden and back , in her old tweed coat .

Ma 's face remained blank .
ma 's face [stayed] blank .

The mess waiters remained expressionless and imperturbable .
the mess waiters [stayed] expressionless and imperturbable .

Finding himself on the streets , Doisneau felt completely at liberty , and he has remained there ever since .
finding himself on the streets , doisneau felt completely at liberty , and he has [stayed] there ever since .

Despite the ‘ ceasefire ’ , considerable bitterness remained in several quarters , much of it focusing on Mr Ruslan Khasbulatov , Speaker of parliament , who described ministers as children who had lost their way .
despite the ‘ ceasefire ’ , considerable bitterness [stayed] in several quarters , much of it focusing on mr ruslan khasbulatov , speaker of parliament , who described ministers as children who had lost their way .

In 1932 he was appointed deputy secretary to the Commerce Department of the Government of India , where he remained until the end of the Raj 15 years later .
in 1932 he was appointed deputy secretary to the commerce department of the government of india , where he [stayed] until the end of the raj 15 years later .

He remained loyal to Mrs Thatcher to the end , pleading with her to stay on .
he [stayed] loyal to mrs thatcher to the end , pleading with her to stay on .

Throughout the weeks on the stump he remained entirely amiable , even if his nice smile sometimes seemed the work of a plastic surgeon .
throughout the weeks on the stump he [stayed] entirely amiable , even if his nice smile sometimes seemed the work of a plastic surgeon .

As glum Thursday became glad Friday , Mrs Thatcher 's severe chic remained as pristine as ever .
as glum thursday became glad friday , mrs thatcher 's severe chic [stayed] as pristine as ever .

The party 's spin-doctors had remained sceptical about the polls , but they were expecting to be able to argue that the Conservatives had lost their mandate , even if they were clinging to power in a hung parliament .
the party 's spin-doctors had [stayed] sceptical about the polls , but they were expecting to be able to argue that the conservatives had lost their mandate , even if they were clinging to power in a hung parliament .

Some stockbrokers had remained open overnight and marked up prices as results were declared .
some stockbrokers had [stayed] open overnight and marked up prices as results were declared .

Prices remained high and the index closed 136 points up on the day at 2,573 .
prices [stayed] high and the index closed 136 points up on the day at 2,573 .

Indeed , his technical electioneering skills remained rather weak .
indeed , his technical electioneering skills [stayed] rather weak .

They remained uneasy and mistrustful of Mr Kinnock .
they [stayed] uneasy and mistrustful of mr kinnock .

The question was asked : we know that he is a sound and effective Prime Minister ; but is he also a leader who can save the Conservative Party from the fate that undoubtedly awaited it at a general election had Mrs Thatcher remained in office ?
the question was asked : we know that he is a sound and effective prime minister ; but is he also a leader who can save the conservative party from the fate that undoubtedly awaited it at a general election had mrs thatcher [stayed] in office ?

Short , pugnacious and lacking in charm , Reshevsky tended to spend too much time on the early part of his games , but remained a tough opponent .
short , pugnacious and lacking in charm , reshevsky tended to spend too much time on the early part of his games , but [stayed] a tough opponent .

In the City , numerous roads around the blast site at St Mary Axe remained cordoned off last night .
in the city , numerous roads around the blast site at st mary axe [stayed] cordoned off last night .

Liverpool Street Underground and main line stations re-opened yesterday morning , but Aldgate remained shut .
liverpool street underground and main line stations re-opened yesterday morning , but aldgate [stayed] shut .

The re-election of Britain 's Conservative Government , which opposes the ban , meant that the substantial ‘ blocking minority ’ of countries , including Germany and Denmark , remained to prevent the ban becoming law .
the re-election of britain 's conservative government , which opposes the ban , meant that the substantial ‘ blocking minority ’ of countries , including germany and denmark , [stayed] to prevent the ban becoming law .

But however cleverly simulated the emotion , simulated it remained .
but however cleverly simulated the emotion , simulated it [stayed] .

Those exposed to the covered lamp remained normal after a year .
those exposed to the covered lamp [stayed] normal after a year .

When neighbouring Aston Villa endured a similar run recently Ron Atkinson remained confident he had the players to end it .
when neighbouring aston villa endured a similar run recently ron atkinson [stayed] confident he had the players to end it .

Martin remained in disarray until he was 0–4 down in the fourth .
martin [stayed] in disarray until he was 0–4 down in the fourth .

After two days of trying , however , the shares remained unsold last night and stockbrokers Hoare Govett have the problem of starting their attempted placing all over again this morning in the knowledge that if it can not be done today , holidays prevent them trying again until Tuesday .
after two days of trying , however , the shares [stayed] unsold last night and stockbrokers hoare govett have the problem of starting their attempted placing all over again this morning in the knowledge that if it can not be done today , holidays prevent them trying again until tuesday .

While the judge said some questions remained unresolved , Microsoft 's lawyer David McDonald concluded : ‘ If it is n't a complete victory , it was more than 95 p.c .
while the judge said some questions [stayed] unresolved , microsoft 's lawyer david mcdonald concluded : ‘ if it is n't a complete victory , it was more than 95 p.c .

Grocers and specialist food retailers presented a brighter picture , reporting a continuing advance in annual sales growth though the pace remained slower than last year .
grocers and specialist food retailers presented a brighter picture , reporting a continuing advance in annual sales growth though the pace [stayed] slower than last year .

Interest charges became unbearable for many , while the co-operative workers ' existing homes — which were supposed to help pay off the loans — remained stubbornly unsold .
interest charges became unbearable for many , while the co-operative workers ' existing homes — which were supposed to help pay off the loans — [stayed] stubbornly unsold .

One other remained in hospital for an exploratory operation on a shoulder injury .
one other [stayed] in hospital for an exploratory operation on a shoulder injury .

Mr Hamlyn operated for four hours on the man who remained in intensive care .
mr hamlyn operated for four hours on the man who [stayed] in intensive care .

Mr Yeltsin remained out of the public eye at his country house , but sent two of his key lieutenants , Mr Gennady Burbulis and Mr Sergei Shakhrai , along with Mr Gaidar , to address a meeting of the parliamentary leadership .
mr yeltsin [stayed] out of the public eye at his country house , but sent two of his key lieutenants , mr gennady burbulis and mr sergei shakhrai , along with mr gaidar , to address a meeting of the parliamentary leadership .

While writing her agony aunt column , she remained busy as a reporter , interviewing figures including Margaret Thatcher .
while writing her agony aunt column , she [stayed] busy as a reporter , interviewing figures including margaret thatcher .

Now only Suzy remained by Seth 's side , and there , a few days later , is where the story ends .
now only suzy [stayed] by seth 's side , and there , a few days later , is where the story ends .

She sensed that the boy remained standing motionless , gazing after her .
she sensed that the boy [stayed] standing motionless , gazing after her .

That gesture was so unexpected and beautiful that it remained in Agnes 's memory like the imprint of a lightning bolt ; it invited her into the depths of space and time and awakened in the sixteen-year-old girl a vague and immense longing .
that gesture was so unexpected and beautiful that it [stayed] in agnes 's memory like the imprint of a lightning bolt ; it invited her into the depths of space and time and awakened in the sixteen-year-old girl a vague and immense longing .

Further , the rules of Equity , though they did not contradict the rules of Common Law , in effect and in practice produced a result opposed to that which would have been produced if the Common Law rules had remained alone .
further , the rules of equity , though they did not contradict the rules of common law , in effect and in practice produced a result opposed to that which would have been produced if the common law rules had [stayed] alone .

If he did not collect it , and the wife survived him , the claim for the debt remained hers .
if he did not collect it , and the wife survived him , the claim for the debt [stayed] hers .

Her freehold and copyhold land , it is true , remained her own ; but the husband had the enjoyment of it at least during the continuance of the marriage .
her freehold and copyhold land , it is true , [stayed] her own ; but the husband had the enjoyment of it at least during the continuance of the marriage .

After the Reformation it looks for a moment as if the Ecclesiastical Courts would allow even a divorce in the modern sense ; but the attempt fails , and the only way of getting a complete dissolution of marriage is by special Act of Parliament ( and so the law remained , for persons domiciled in Northern Ireland , up to 1939 ) .
after the reformation it looks for a moment as if the ecclesiastical courts would allow even a divorce in the modern sense ; but the attempt fails , and the only way of getting a complete dissolution of marriage is by special act of parliament ( and so the law [stayed] , for persons domiciled in northern ireland , up to 1939 ) .

Married women of the classes in which settlements and elaborately drawn wills were unknown thus remained subject to the Common Law .
married women of the classes in which settlements and elaborately drawn wills were unknown thus [stayed] subject to the common law .

The threat to British interests had changed , with international Communism replacing the political and military intrigues of predator European powers and Tsarist Russia of earlier centuries , but the policies for meeting the new threat remained traditional : the judicious stationing of garrisons to protect overseas territories from external aggression and from internal subversion ; the deployment of naval forces to maintain the freedom of the seas in areas of British interest ; and the positioning of strategic reserves at key points , like Egypt and Singapore , on the imperial lines of communication through Suez to the Far East .
the threat to british interests had changed , with international communism replacing the political and military intrigues of predator european powers and tsarist russia of earlier centuries , but the policies for meeting the new threat [stayed] traditional : the judicious stationing of garrisons to protect overseas territories from external aggression and from internal subversion ; the deployment of naval forces to maintain the freedom of the seas in areas of british interest ; and the positioning of strategic reserves at key points , like egypt and singapore , on the imperial lines of communication through suez to the far east .

Domination of the Middle East had always been seen as an important element of British strategy since Nelson defeated Napoleon at the Battle of the Nile in 1798 ; and it remained so into the 1940s and early 1950s .
domination of the middle east had always been seen as an important element of british strategy since nelson defeated napoleon at the battle of the nile in 1798 ; and it [stayed] so into the 1940s and early 1950s .

Doors that had remained firmly shut in Attlee 's days began to open .
doors that had [stayed] firmly shut in attlee 's days began to open .

Sandys ’ proposed deployment of the Army might have been practicable if Afro-Asia had remained quiescent , and if the Army had been given the strategic mobility needed to compensate for its reduction in manpower .
sandys ’ proposed deployment of the army might have been practicable if afro-asia had [stayed] quiescent , and if the army had been given the strategic mobility needed to compensate for its reduction in manpower .

This minor affair underlined the Army 's contention that nuclear weapons and air power were no substitute for troops on the ground in the type of fighting in which Britain was likely to be involved as long as she remained a colonial power .
this minor affair underlined the army 's contention that nuclear weapons and air power were no substitute for troops on the ground in the type of fighting in which britain was likely to be involved as long as she [stayed] a colonial power .

The strength of the critics ’ arguments was neutralized to some extent by Macmillan 's determination to seek both nuclear and conventional disarmament with the twin-track approach , which has remained valid to this day : maintaining the potency of the deterrent while , at the same time , seeking genuine arms limitation , if not disarmament .
the strength of the critics ’ arguments was neutralized to some extent by macmillan 's determination to seek both nuclear and conventional disarmament with the twin-track approach , which has [stayed] valid to this day : maintaining the potency of the deterrent while , at the same time , seeking genuine arms limitation , if not disarmament .

Palmer responded that the cut in vessel numbers was a positive move , but fell far short of the ban which remained the objective of the Pacific Island nations .
palmer responded that the cut in vessel numbers was a positive move , but fell far short of the ban which [stayed] the objective of the pacific island nations .

Of the 60 or so gill-net vessels which had worked around the peninsula in the late 1970s , only half a dozen remained by 1986 .
of the 60 or so gill-net vessels which had worked around the peninsula in the late 1970s , only half a dozen [stayed] by 1986 .

Proper proof , of course , would catapult Mr Winchester into the company of ponderous scholars ; one suspects that he ( and his readers ) would be happier if he remained simply one of literature 's best travel writers .
proper proof , of course , would catapult mr winchester into the company of ponderous scholars ; one suspects that he ( and his readers ) would be happier if he [stayed] simply one of literature 's best travel writers .

Not even traditional agency broking was lucrative : small investors remained shy of the stockmarket , big institutions had the clout to pay the thinnest of commissions .
not even traditional agency broking was lucrative : small investors [stayed] shy of the stockmarket , big institutions had the clout to pay the thinnest of commissions .

Only Father Kolbe remained alive until a bored guard gave him a fatal injection of carbolic acid .
only father kolbe [stayed] alive until a bored guard gave him a fatal injection of carbolic acid .

The idea that knowledge could be firmly established and disputes resolved if we began from clear beginnings always remained with Hobbes .
the idea that knowledge could be firmly established and disputes resolved if we began from clear beginnings always [stayed] with hobbes .

Early houses which remain completely untouched are few and far between , but a general rule emerged during my research for the book : the less important the house and the more remote its situation , the more old-fashioned it remained , like Hareston in Devon , which had no fashion-conscious owners wanting to show-off their taste and wealth to passers-by .
early houses which remain completely untouched are few and far between , but a general rule emerged during my research for the book : the less important the house and the more remote its situation , the more old-fashioned it [stayed] , like hareston in devon , which had no fashion-conscious owners wanting to show-off their taste and wealth to passers-by .

Wood Dalling remained the home of the Bulwer family until 1780 , when William Wiggett Bulwer married the rather pasty-faced Mary Earle , heiress to Heydon Hall .
wood dalling [stayed] the home of the bulwer family until 1780 , when william wiggett bulwer married the rather pasty-faced mary earle , heiress to heydon hall .

They chose to live in the grander of the two houses , and Wood Dalling was demoted to a farmhouse and remained thus until comparatively recently .
they chose to live in the grander of the two houses , and wood dalling was demoted to a farmhouse and [stayed] thus until comparatively recently .

In 1863 it was all but gutted by a disastrous fire , but mercifully the ashlar-faced east façade remained entirely intact with its projected balustraded bay , its shell-headed niches , its eccentric demonstration of Doric , Ionic and Corinthian columns in three tiers — all in Purbeck stone .
in 1863 it was all but gutted by a disastrous fire , but mercifully the ashlar-faced east façade [stayed] entirely intact with its projected balustraded bay , its shell-headed niches , its eccentric demonstration of doric , ionic and corinthian columns in three tiers — all in purbeck stone .

Although remote rural areas remained unaffected , by the middle of the seventeenth century the rebirth of classicism had begun to transform the face of England .
although remote rural areas [stayed] unaffected , by the middle of the seventeenth century the rebirth of classicism had begun to transform the face of england .

In 1500 Sir Thomas Long bought Kellaways , and it remained in his family until 1844 .
in 1500 sir thomas long bought kellaways , and it [stayed] in his family until 1844 .

Though they remained lords of the manor , the Longs sold off the house and farm of 122 acres , and in 1834 it belonged to William Stancombe , whose tenant was coincidentally also called John Long .
though they [stayed] lords of the manor , the longs sold off the house and farm of 122 acres , and in 1834 it belonged to william stancombe , whose tenant was coincidentally also called john long .

In Italy , Austria and south Germany the baroque style went wild , but in England it was short-lived and remained terrifically reserved and in character with the nobility and gentry who were to live with it .
in italy , austria and south germany the baroque style went wild , but in england it was short-lived and [stayed] terrifically reserved and in character with the nobility and gentry who were to live with it .

So the Old Parsonage remained until the American Mr Stucley bought it from the church in the 1930s , thereafter leaving it to the National Trust .
so the old parsonage [stayed] until the american mr stucley bought it from the church in the 1930s , thereafter leaving it to the national trust .

Later in the nineteenth century the Lodge became the rectory for St Mary 's Church of Easton Neston , which it remained until the 1880s .
later in the nineteenth century the lodge became the rectory for st mary 's church of easton neston , which it [stayed] until the 1880s .

Consequently , vestiges of a great house remained in the form of mature avenues and a feeling of settled peace .
consequently , vestiges of a great house [stayed] in the form of mature avenues and a feeling of settled peace .

If per capita consumption remained static , an increased world population would still need 40 per cent more energy by 2025 .
if per capita consumption [stayed] static , an increased world population would still need 40 per cent more energy by 2025 .

It was not surprising that the amount spent on exploration sank from $ 760 million in the still relatively fat year of 1979 to between $ 120 and $ 150 million at the end of the 1980s and the size of known reserves remained static over a period of at least four years .
it was not surprising that the amount spent on exploration sank from $ 760 million in the still relatively fat year of 1979 to between $ 120 and $ 150 million at the end of the 1980s and the size of known reserves [stayed] static over a period of at least four years .

In the United States it remained the case that no new nuclear generators had been ordered since 1978 .
in the united states it [stayed] the case that no new nuclear generators had been ordered since 1978 .

He came into the Guyana team as a 20 year runs straight away , and remained a permanent fixture .
he came into the guyana team as a 20 year runs straight away , and [stayed] a permanent fixture .

If he did not touch such heights again , he remained a thoroughly reliable keeper right to the end , small , neat and quiet , and rarely given to histrionics .
if he did not touch such heights again , he [stayed] a thoroughly reliable keeper right to the end , small , neat and quiet , and rarely given to histrionics .

Worrell 's share was 308 , which remained his highest score .
worrell 's share was 308 , which [stayed] his highest score .

This first wave of West Walians to the new industrial areas of north-eastern South Wales brought a distinctive radical , nonconformist , and Welsh-speaking element to a pastoral community that had remained largely conservative and unchanged from the late seventeenth century and was slowly losing the old Welsh language — rapidly so in Monmouthshire — and along with it any acute sense of separate national identity .
this first wave of west walians to the new industrial areas of north-eastern south wales brought a distinctive radical , nonconformist , and welsh-speaking element to a pastoral community that had [stayed] largely conservative and unchanged from the late seventeenth century and was slowly losing the old welsh language — rapidly so in monmouthshire — and along with it any acute sense of separate national identity .

Near to a school and a cemetery and with an older house ( with its orchard and coachhouse ) at the end of the road , this spacious house remained Edward 's home until he left Oxford .
near to a school and a cemetery and with an older house ( with its orchard and coachhouse ) at the end of the road , this spacious house [stayed] edward 's home until he left oxford .

Such tangible paid recognition of Edward 's literary interests gained the approval of his father , who had himself remained a dedicated , aloof , self-improving student at home while his sons gave full rein to their athletic , roaming , rumbustious interests ‘ abroad ’ .
such tangible paid recognition of edward 's literary interests gained the approval of his father , who had himself [stayed] a dedicated , aloof , self-improving student at home while his sons gave full rein to their athletic , roaming , rumbustious interests ‘ abroad ’ .

Apart from a family holiday at Eastbourne during the last fortnight in August , he remained at Battersea Rise until he revisited his relations at Swindon from 15 February to 28 March 1896 , when he broke off his stay in order to visit Mr Noble .
apart from a family holiday at eastbourne during the last fortnight in august , he [stayed] at battersea rise until he revisited his relations at swindon from 15 february to 28 march 1896 , when he broke off his stay in order to visit mr noble .

Then he caught glimpses of the freer way of life of his father 's bachelor brother and , as he explored and fished along the canal , got to know Dad Uzzell who remained a surrogate father-figure for the rest of Edward 's life .
then he caught glimpses of the freer way of life of his father 's bachelor brother and , as he explored and fished along the canal , got to know dad uzzell who [stayed] a surrogate father-figure for the rest of edward 's life .

‘ The Satanic Verses ’ was readily available and on display in bookshops , and remained a bestseller for many months .
‘ the satanic verses ’ was readily available and on display in bookshops , and [stayed] a bestseller for many months .

In 1988 what remained of Unimation was sold to Staubli , a Swiss company , which also makes the Puma range of robots .
in 1988 what [stayed] of unimation was sold to staubli , a swiss company , which also makes the puma range of robots .

But the fact remained that Fatima was a drag , and would drag everyone around down if you let her .
but the fact [stayed] that fatima was a drag , and would drag everyone around down if you let her .

With her family she remained on excellent terms .
with her family she [stayed] on excellent terms .

The derelict gardens were rescued by Davyd , who had moved down from the mountains of Wales to the plains of East Anglia , but remained very Welsh , his accent giving authority to everything he said .
the derelict gardens were rescued by davyd , who had moved down from the mountains of wales to the plains of east anglia , but [stayed] very welsh , his accent giving authority to everything he said .

‘ It just remained for them to find happiness — and in that they failed .
‘ it just [stayed] for them to find happiness — and in that they failed .

That was her style in the Falklands and it remained her style in a number of the confrontations that she faced over the next years .
that was her style in the falklands and it [stayed] her style in a number of the confrontations that she faced over the next years .

Government would benefit if , barring accidents , Secretaries of State remained with their departments for longer .
government would benefit if , barring accidents , secretaries of state [stayed] with their departments for longer .

He seems to have been told that , though Turkey remained opposed to an independent state in northern Iraq , it supported some restoration of Kurdish rights .
he seems to have been told that , though turkey [stayed] opposed to an independent state in northern iraq , it supported some restoration of kurdish rights .

If the smoke had climbed to the upper atmosphere , it could have remained airborne for months , travelling much farther and possibly affecting the world 's weather patterns .
if the smoke had climbed to the upper atmosphere , it could have [stayed] airborne for months , travelling much farther and possibly affecting the world 's weather patterns .

As heads cleared , it was seen that dangers remained : a potential flood of refugees from the Soviet Union or the Balkans , the internal tensions of poverty and ethnic division , the giant still next door .
as heads cleared , it was seen that dangers [stayed] : a potential flood of refugees from the soviet union or the balkans , the internal tensions of poverty and ethnic division , the giant still next door .

But the supply of financial assets remained rigid , especially in the case of land and shares .
but the supply of financial assets [stayed] rigid , especially in the case of land and shares .

After the budget , despite Mr Lamont 's coup , potentially dangerous strains remained .
after the budget , despite mr lamont 's coup , potentially dangerous strains [stayed] .

Both countries have , however , moved sharply into recession at a time when economic growth in Japan , Germany and France has remained strong .
both countries have , however , moved sharply into recession at a time when economic growth in japan , germany and france has [stayed] strong .

The jobless rate in Holland remained at 4.9 % in February .
the jobless rate in holland [stayed] at 4.9 % in february .

On a gloomier note , employment continued to decline and car sales remained depressed .
on a gloomier note , employment continued to decline and car sales [stayed] depressed .

( In fact , Mr Major had remained studiously neutral . )
( in fact , mr major had [stayed] studiously neutral . )

The revolution in printing has remained invisible to most people .
the revolution in printing has [stayed] invisible to most people .

Gothic type remained widely used in Germany and Austria until the 1930s .
gothic type [stayed] widely used in germany and austria until the 1930s .

In the same month Sweden 's inflation rate rose to 10.9 % , the highest in our table ; Holland 's rate remained at 2.6 % .
in the same month sweden 's inflation rate rose to 10.9 % , the highest in our table ; holland 's rate [stayed] at 2.6 % .

Defence stocks remained depressed by recent downgradings following the ‘ outbreak of peace ’ and the current industrial unrest over a shorter working week .
defence stocks [stayed] depressed by recent downgradings following the ‘ outbreak of peace ’ and the current industrial unrest over a shorter working week .

Defence stocks remained depressed by recent downgradings following the ‘ outbreak of peace ’ and the current industrial unrest over a shorter working week .
defence stocks [stayed] depressed by recent downgradings following the ‘ outbreak of peace ’ and the current industrial unrest over a shorter working week .

The history of our countries of origin in Africa , Asia or the Arab world has remained totally obliterated .
the history of our countries of origin in africa , asia or the arab world has [stayed] totally obliterated .

Still , it is interesting that Kieslowki 's pessimistic perceptions of the Polish state , and to a lesser extent its film industry , have remained unchanged .
still , it is interesting that kieslowki 's pessimistic perceptions of the polish state , and to a lesser extent its film industry , have [stayed] unchanged .

But one act of faith has remained a constant from palaeolithic times to cubism , from Tintoretto ( who also loved comets ) to Rothko .
but one act of faith has [stayed] a constant from palaeolithic times to cubism , from tintoretto ( who also loved comets ) to rothko .

But New Forum , the leading force in the independent opposition movement , remained sceptical yesterday , saying that the offer could be part of the Communists ' attempt to regain the initiative .
but new forum , the leading force in the independent opposition movement , [stayed] sceptical yesterday , saying that the offer could be part of the communists ' attempt to regain the initiative .

His championship-winning days began in 1983 and he lost the flyweight title two years ago , since when he has remained unbeaten .
his championship-winning days began in 1983 and he lost the flyweight title two years ago , since when he has [stayed] unbeaten .

However , although she changed her name her thought remained unchanged .
however , although she changed her name her thought [stayed] unchanged .

For all her tempering in the fires of history , she remained an impassioned idealist to the end of her long life , though with enough self-knowledge and self-irony to be able to record what Milena Jesenska said about the difference between them — ‘ What an incurable girl guide you are .
for all her tempering in the fires of history , she [stayed] an impassioned idealist to the end of her long life , though with enough self-knowledge and self-irony to be able to record what milena jesenska said about the difference between them — ‘ what an incurable girl guide you are .

He was encouraged that there was a willingness to recognise the Unionist objection to the Anglo-Irish Agreement , which remained the key obstacle to talks starting .
he was encouraged that there was a willingness to recognise the unionist objection to the anglo-irish agreement , which [stayed] the key obstacle to talks starting .

’ The lowest 30 per cent of the population remained mired in unchanging misery , she added .
’ the lowest 30 per cent of the population [stayed] mired in unchanging misery , she added .

’ Throughout the appeal the video remained unseen .
’ throughout the appeal the video [stayed] unseen .

Ambulance services were hit in many areas , but the dispute remained centred on London , where management published a list of 999 calls which it said were not being answered .
ambulance services were hit in many areas , but the dispute [stayed] centred on london , where management published a list of 999 calls which it said were not being answered .

‘ Dr Runcie , to his eternal credit , remained his friend , though he had read the preface some weeks before and was certain in his own mind of its authorship .
‘ dr runcie , to his eternal credit , [stayed] his friend , though he had read the preface some weeks before and was certain in his own mind of its authorship .

When his physical charms began to fade ( although his innately aristocratic manners remained unimpaired ) Henreid turned to such forgettable swashbuckling epics as The Spanish Main ( 1945 ) , Thief of Damascus ( 1952 ) and The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse ( 1962 ) , as well as a number of television films .
when his physical charms began to fade ( although his innately aristocratic manners [stayed] unimpaired ) henreid turned to such forgettable swashbuckling epics as the spanish main ( 1945 ) , thief of damascus ( 1952 ) and the four horsemen of the apocalypse ( 1962 ) , as well as a number of television films .

Mr Major remained buoyant yesterday as he campaigned in Cambridgeshire , insisting that the Tories were on course for victory .
mr major [stayed] buoyant yesterday as he campaigned in cambridgeshire , insisting that the tories were on course for victory .

At least the economy would be safe — even if unemployment remained a cruel problem and there were many pitfalls ahead .
at least the economy would be safe — even if unemployment [stayed] a cruel problem and there were many pitfalls ahead .

Sandison adopted the McPherson role of organising matters behind the Airdrie defensive line while the midfield remained conservatively deep .
sandison adopted the mcpherson role of organising matters behind the airdrie defensive line while the midfield [stayed] conservatively deep .

After 63 minutes Martin had to stretch yet again , this time from Bannon 's well-directed header , but play remained terribly lacking in imaginative incident .
after 63 minutes martin had to stretch yet again , this time from bannon 's well-directed header , but play [stayed] terribly lacking in imaginative incident .

When he was much smaller , Tom was once discovered in my study attacking the dust-jacket of a Norman Mailer novel with my scissors ; no doubt he will make a fine critic , but since then the door to my bolt-hole has remained bolted .
when he was much smaller , tom was once discovered in my study attacking the dust-jacket of a norman mailer novel with my scissors ; no doubt he will make a fine critic , but since then the door to my bolt-hole has [stayed] bolted .

Out of some 350 who remained in Eyam , only 83 survived .
out of some 350 who [stayed] in eyam , only 83 survived .

She remained a vehemently protected child , and after private education was sent to a finishing school at Dresden , Miss Wallerstein 's Pensionat for Jewish Daughters of Good Families .
she [stayed] a vehemently protected child , and after private education was sent to a finishing school at dresden , miss wallerstein 's pensionat for jewish daughters of good families .

This order remained unchanged — except for one brief incident when Schumacher and Senna traded places on the straight after eight laps — until lap 13 , when the German flew past the Brazilian again .
this order [stayed] unchanged — except for one brief incident when schumacher and senna traded places on the straight after eight laps — until lap 13 , when the german flew past the brazilian again .

However his personal preference remained to put any proposals from the inquiry before the public at the next general election .
however his personal preference [stayed] to put any proposals from the inquiry before the public at the next general election .

But the situation remained confused .
but the situation [stayed] confused .

Although most polls suggest Labour 's support has remained steady at about 40 per cent for much of the campaign , while the Tories have lost ground to the Liberal Democrats , the difference between the two main parties is still within the margin of error .
although most polls suggest labour 's support has [stayed] steady at about 40 per cent for much of the campaign , while the tories have lost ground to the liberal democrats , the difference between the two main parties is still within the margin of error .

In February 1974 , Mr Heath lost his overall majority , but remained in office for several days while he tried to do a deal with Mr Jeremy Thorpe and the Liberals to keep him in power .
in february 1974 , mr heath lost his overall majority , but [stayed] in office for several days while he tried to do a deal with mr jeremy thorpe and the liberals to keep him in power .

In December 1923 Mr Stanley Baldwin lost his majority , but remained Prime Minister for five weeks over Christmas until the Liberals and Labour combined to defeat him on the King 's Speech .
in december 1923 mr stanley baldwin lost his majority , but [stayed] prime minister for five weeks over christmas until the liberals and labour combined to defeat him on the king 's speech .

They were then shipped to Dublin after the war and , in accordance with Leon 's wishes , went to the National Library where they remained closed until last year , 50 years after Joyce died , aged 59 .
they were then shipped to dublin after the war and , in accordance with leon 's wishes , went to the national library where they [stayed] closed until last year , 50 years after joyce died , aged 59 .

Prices have remained relatively stable and have increased by about 10 per cent a year , according to John Morton Morris of Hazlitt Gooden and Fox .
prices have [stayed] relatively stable and have increased by about 10 per cent a year , according to john morton morris of hazlitt gooden and fox .

It has remained virtually unchanged for hundreds of years .
it has [stayed] virtually unchanged for hundreds of years .

The subsequent history of the amphibians includes a further development of terrestrial forms , but others remained wholly or partly aqueous .
the subsequent history of the amphibians includes a further development of terrestrial forms , but others [stayed] wholly or partly aqueous .

Long-fingered and skeletal , they remained totally at rest on the rough wood of the table top .
long-fingered and skeletal , they [stayed] totally at rest on the rough wood of the table top .

The needle remained steady at 29.9 , one thousand and fourteen millibars .
the needle [stayed] steady at 29.9 , one thousand and fourteen millibars .

But his eyes remained on Trent , insane with hate .
but his eyes [stayed] on trent , insane with hate .

The rage remained in him .
the rage [stayed] in him .

The wind remained light but the gusts were stronger and more frequent .
the wind [stayed] light but the gusts were stronger and more frequent .

But there remained an essential difference between them : their choice of masters .
but there [stayed] an essential difference between them : their choice of masters .

But they remained essential to him , perhaps because his life had so often been at stake .
but they [stayed] essential to him , perhaps because his life had so often been at stake .

Whatever it was that these men planned , Trent remained certain that it was too sophisticated to have been plotted by the murderers of Colombia 's drug trade .
whatever it was that these men planned , trent [stayed] certain that it was too sophisticated to have been plotted by the murderers of colombia 's drug trade .

Every word of it had been a lie and to this truth Trent remained as totally committed now , close to his own death , as he had been when plotting the downfall of the groups he had penetrated .
every word of it had been a lie and to this truth trent [stayed] as totally committed now , close to his own death , as he had been when plotting the downfall of the groups he had penetrated .

Below the bend the water remained sufficiently shallow close to the bank for Trent to keep his footing .
below the bend the water [stayed] sufficiently shallow close to the bank for trent to keep his footing .

If he remained at liberty , he could authorise the calling in of outside help — hence , as insurance , the coup leader 's attempt to destroy the President s reputation by connecting him to the cocaine trade .
if he [stayed] at liberty , he could authorise the calling in of outside help — hence , as insurance , the coup leader 's attempt to destroy the president s reputation by connecting him to the cocaine trade .

He could no longer read their position on the Loran let alone see the coast and the mouth of the Makaa River which remained his goal .
he could no longer read their position on the loran let alone see the coast and the mouth of the makaa river which [stayed] his goal .

They were safe as long as they remained within the central eye of the storm .
they were safe as long as they [stayed] within the central eye of the storm .

He knew that he should discuss her grandfather with Mariana but remained frightened of hurting her , or of being the immediate instrument of her hurt .
he knew that he should discuss her grandfather with mariana but [stayed] frightened of hurting her , or of being the immediate instrument of her hurt .

The anger remained in her , hoarded from the previous night when she had slammed the door on him .
the anger [stayed] in her , hoarded from the previous night when she had slammed the door on him .

While 66 per cent of fir trees in 27 plots established in 1980 had been considered healthy , by 1982 just 1 per cent remained so .
while 66 per cent of fir trees in 27 plots established in 1980 had been considered healthy , by 1982 just 1 per cent [stayed] so .

Despite this , it seems that what is now on offer is not the true independence of monetary policy which would come from free competition between different currencies and policies ( whether the currencies remained in the public sector as at present or whether they were in private hands ) , but instead the imposition of one economic and monetary policy by a powerful and unaccountable institution .
despite this , it seems that what is now on offer is not the true independence of monetary policy which would come from free competition between different currencies and policies ( whether the currencies [stayed] in the public sector as at present or whether they were in private hands ) , but instead the imposition of one economic and monetary policy by a powerful and unaccountable institution .

The Minister for Relations with Parliament , Jean Poperen , reported in December 1990 that over 2,000 parliamentary questions put to the government up to six months previously remained unanswered .
the minister for relations with parliament , jean poperen , reported in december 1990 that over 2,000 parliamentary questions put to the government up to six months previously [stayed] unanswered .

Over 800 questions remained unanswered for a year , 500 for eighteen months and near 400 questions were still unanswered after two years .
over 800 questions [stayed] unanswered for a year , 500 for eighteen months and near 400 questions were still unanswered after two years .

It is also an exotic and exciting world of different sights , sounds and scents which has remained unchanged for hundreds of years .
it is also an exotic and exciting world of different sights , sounds and scents which has [stayed] unchanged for hundreds of years .

He left biscuits , cake , pies , fruit and bowls of custard littered around the shelves , but it remained untouched .
he left biscuits , cake , pies , fruit and bowls of custard littered around the shelves , but it [stayed] untouched .

Perhaps because they were the first in the field , or more probably for deeply rooted socio-political reasons , the classicists have never been seriously challenged — theories have come and theories have gone but the belief in the control function of management has remained — even more so at the level of practice than of theory , although at that level , some insights can be gained .
perhaps because they were the first in the field , or more probably for deeply rooted socio-political reasons , the classicists have never been seriously challenged — theories have come and theories have gone but the belief in the control function of management has [stayed] — even more so at the level of practice than of theory , although at that level , some insights can be gained .

It was reported as working satisfactorily in October 1900 and it must have remained so , for the final payment was made to Messrs. Gwynnes in February 1901.2 ; There are but two further important references in the Committee Minutes before the closure of the lift nine years later .
it was reported as working satisfactorily in october 1900 and it must have [stayed] so , for the final payment was made to messrs. gwynnes in february 1901.2 ; there are but two further important references in the committee minutes before the closure of the lift nine years later .

It was to this much dive-bombed , shelled and strafed position — described as a forefinger poking into Rommel 's midriff — that Leslie came , and where he remained throughout the summer and autumn , constantly in action .
it was to this much dive-bombed , shelled and strafed position — described as a forefinger poking into rommel 's midriff — that leslie came , and where he [stayed] throughout the summer and autumn , constantly in action .

But the date remained the real problem .
but the date [stayed] the real problem .

Some bacteria , such as the one that causes syphilis , have flagellae ; and it seems likely that flagellae and cilia originated as parasitic bacteria which , instead of causing disease , remained and became incorporated into the cell as the relationship was mutually beneficial .
some bacteria , such as the one that causes syphilis , have flagellae ; and it seems likely that flagellae and cilia originated as parasitic bacteria which , instead of causing disease , [stayed] and became incorporated into the cell as the relationship was mutually beneficial .

The meagre vegetation that remained could not prevent such water as there was from sinking into the aquifers beneath , and taking its load of salt with it .
the meagre vegetation that [stayed] could not prevent such water as there was from sinking into the aquifers beneath , and taking its load of salt with it .

The silt stayed at the bottom , however , and the bank remained porous .
the silt stayed at the bottom , however , and the bank [stayed] porous .

He remained President until his untimely death in military action , in 1917 .
he [stayed] president until his untimely death in military action , in 1917 .

The election of a Captain was again held over and the office remained vacant for a further year .
the election of a captain was again held over and the office [stayed] vacant for a further year .

John 's mother , Audrey , joined the Club in 1938 and remained a stalwart in the Ladies ' Section up to the time of her death in 1984 , and his father Tom served the Club in many ways and was very highly regarded .
john 's mother , audrey , joined the club in 1938 and [stayed] a stalwart in the ladies ' section up to the time of her death in 1984 , and his father tom served the club in many ways and was very highly regarded .

The capital fund remained at £113 and again there had been money spent on the course ‘ several new tees ; several altered and new bunkers ; green treatments and alterations ’ .
the capital fund [stayed] at £113 and again there had been money spent on the course ‘ several new tees ; several altered and new bunkers ; green treatments and alterations ’ .

He was succeeded quite quickly by Geoffrey Ayres who remained until he retired in 1970 .
he was succeeded quite quickly by geoffrey ayres who [stayed] until he retired in 1970 .

The body , bound to the soil to which it is destined to return , remained the source of those evil behaviours that , judged by God , lead to hell .
the body , bound to the soil to which it is destined to return , [stayed] the source of those evil behaviours that , judged by god , lead to hell .

In secular philosophy this doctrine , in the form given to it by Descartes , has remained until very recently a basic element in European thought and science .
in secular philosophy this doctrine , in the form given to it by descartes , has [stayed] until very recently a basic element in european thought and science .

The magic of the drama game with its ambiguous morality and propriety remained as part of its fascination .
the magic of the drama game with its ambiguous morality and propriety [stayed] as part of its fascination .

( 3 ) Half the class became ‘ doctors ’ and half remained as ‘ designers ’ .
( 3 ) half the class became ‘ doctors ’ and half [stayed] as ‘ designers ’ .

The most credible explanation offered by those who support the existence of the monster is one assuming that the passages to the open sea have remained open .
the most credible explanation offered by those who support the existence of the monster is one assuming that the passages to the open sea have [stayed] open .

Kanga , as she is better known , was an ex-girlfriend and has remained a trusted friend .
kanga , as she is better known , was an ex-girlfriend and has [stayed] a trusted friend .

If the Prince of Wales had not stood up and spoken as he did that day , the government might have remained entrenched on the subject for considerably longer than it was .
if the prince of wales had not stood up and spoken as he did that day , the government might have [stayed] entrenched on the subject for considerably longer than it was .

Behind him his wife 's voice went on , chiding gently about the fruit that had remained untouched on her locker , the meals returned uneaten .
behind him his wife 's voice went on , chiding gently about the fruit that had [stayed] untouched on her locker , the meals returned uneaten .

All that remained after that was to continue the treatment until the lesions calcified .
all that [stayed] after that was to continue the treatment until the lesions calcified .

Would Mr Lawson then have resisted the temptation to trundle round his Cabinet colleagues , showing off his muscles and boasting that he alone had faced up to the Iron Lady and won ? And if he had made that boast , would it have remained privy to the colleagues ? And once it was out , where would Mrs Thatcher 's authority have been ?
would mr lawson then have resisted the temptation to trundle round his cabinet colleagues , showing off his muscles and boasting that he alone had faced up to the iron lady and won ? and if he had made that boast , would it have [stayed] privy to the colleagues ? and once it was out , where would mrs thatcher 's authority have been ?

Opponents kept a low profile and their leader , Dr Graham Leonard , Bishop of London , remained silent .
opponents kept a low profile and their leader , dr graham leonard , bishop of london , [stayed] silent .

‘ Can the Secretary of State answer the question which has remained unanswered since this dispute began and remains unanswered .
‘ can the secretary of state answer the question which has [stayed] unanswered since this dispute began and remains unanswered .

One tree in a school near Worcester has remained in its original position , while the buildings around it have been demolished and rebuilt over the centuries .
one tree in a school near worcester has [stayed] in its original position , while the buildings around it have been demolished and rebuilt over the centuries .

Not for nothing has the shift remained a timeless classic .
not for nothing has the shift [stayed] a timeless classic .

Average consumption remained stable at 8.8 standard units per week , or the equivalent of four pints of beer .
average consumption [stayed] stable at 8.8 standard units per week , or the equivalent of four pints of beer .

Despite the architect 's awareness of the radical transformation that would be effected by conversion of the church into dwellings , it remained his objective to retain the essential character and best qualities of the original building and to keep the existing stonework as untouched as possible .
despite the architect 's awareness of the radical transformation that would be effected by conversion of the church into dwellings , it [stayed] his objective to retain the essential character and best qualities of the original building and to keep the existing stonework as untouched as possible .

As the majority of the mill machinery remained — waterwheel , axle , pit wheel , ‘ wallower ’ , power shaft and millstones — and these components were chiefly situated in the lowest storey , Michael Manser decided to retain most of these items in a ‘ set piece ’ display , reminding visitors of the mill 's former function , and visible from the generous entrance hall of the house through a glass door ( Fig 56 ) .
as the majority of the mill machinery [stayed] — waterwheel , axle , pit wheel , ‘ wallower ’ , power shaft and millstones — and these components were chiefly situated in the lowest storey , michael manser decided to retain most of these items in a ‘ set piece ’ display , reminding visitors of the mill 's former function , and visible from the generous entrance hall of the house through a glass door ( fig 56 ) .

Many acres of land were cleared to await future development and there were few places either north or south of the river where a group of traditional waterside commercial buildings remained .
many acres of land were cleared to await future development and there were few places either north or south of the river where a group of traditional waterside commercial buildings [stayed] .

The upper reaches of the river remained unnavigable until , in the late eighteenth century , it was decided to construct a parallel canal , drawing water from the river , from Newbridge near Billingshurst to Pallingham Quay , above Pulborough , where the canal would join the river .
the upper reaches of the river [stayed] unnavigable until , in the late eighteenth century , it was decided to construct a parallel canal , drawing water from the river , from newbridge near billingshurst to pallingham quay , above pulborough , where the canal would join the river .

Internally , some evidence of the building 's commercial use remained — notably the shaft and pulleys of a large wooden rope-hauled hoist , sited close to the apex of the roof space , which the present owner has carefully restored and integrated into the building as a relic of its former use .
internally , some evidence of the building 's commercial use [stayed] — notably the shaft and pulleys of a large wooden rope-hauled hoist , sited close to the apex of the roof space , which the present owner has carefully restored and integrated into the building as a relic of its former use .

Things , however , have turned out slightly differently and the books have remained largely unopened .
things , however , have turned out slightly differently and the books have [stayed] largely unopened .

He probably remained Lewis 's best friend in the English Faculty during the early years at Magdalen .
he probably [stayed] lewis 's best friend in the english faculty during the early years at magdalen .

It is worth describing it at such length so that readers who have not read Tolkien 's ‘ minor ’ works might develop some idea of Lewis 's importance as Tolkien 's ‘ onlie begetter ’ or ‘ miglior fabbro ’ , for there can be very little doubt that it was Lewis 's friendship and encouragement which led Tolkien to write the works which made his name with the public ; just as it was Tolkien 's friendship which released in Lewis wells of creativity which had remained ( though he was so naturally fluent ) mysteriously dry .
it is worth describing it at such length so that readers who have not read tolkien 's ‘ minor ’ works might develop some idea of lewis 's importance as tolkien 's ‘ onlie begetter ’ or ‘ miglior fabbro ’ , for there can be very little doubt that it was lewis 's friendship and encouragement which led tolkien to write the works which made his name with the public ; just as it was tolkien 's friendship which released in lewis wells of creativity which had [stayed] ( though he was so naturally fluent ) mysteriously dry .

Warnie , though forty-one , was recalled to active service , given the rank of major , and sent to France , where he remained until the evacuation from Dunkirk .
warnie , though forty-one , was recalled to active service , given the rank of major , and sent to france , where he [stayed] until the evacuation from dunkirk .

Welsh- Pearson , the company he set up in 1915 , remained small , making only three or four films a year , thus resisting the pressures for mass production that prevailed at the larger studios .
welsh- pearson , the company he set up in 1915 , [stayed] small , making only three or four films a year , thus resisting the pressures for mass production that prevailed at the larger studios .

Wilcox remained always the showman , often directing his movies even though , like Saville in the same role , he was always more competent than gifted .
wilcox [stayed] always the showman , often directing his movies even though , like saville in the same role , he was always more competent than gifted .

Balcon was unique among these émigrés from the Midlands in that he remained only a producer .
balcon was unique among these émigrés from the midlands in that he [stayed] only a producer .

Of the stag party now only Jack , Charlie , George and one other remained .
of the stag party now only jack , charlie , george and one other [stayed] .

They remained in a huddle on the pavement , staring at the dazzling array of kitchen equipment as if hypnotised .
they [stayed] in a huddle on the pavement , staring at the dazzling array of kitchen equipment as if hypnotised .

‘ What remained of the car was examined but , as far as could be told , there was nothing wrong with the brakes or the steering and the tyres were nearly new . ’
‘ what [stayed] of the car was examined but , as far as could be told , there was nothing wrong with the brakes or the steering and the tyres were nearly new . ’

All that now remained was to get the next couple of weeks over — have the party , get Karl away , see Erika settled , get the business of the accident cleared up and then , although he did not normally think in melodramatic terms — then the future !
all that now [stayed] was to get the next couple of weeks over — have the party , get karl away , see erika settled , get the business of the accident cleared up and then , although he did not normally think in melodramatic terms — then the future !

After the children grew up , the stories remained in a drawer until three years ago when Mr Driscoll , who owned a mail order business , decided to publish them .
after the children grew up , the stories [stayed] in a drawer until three years ago when mr driscoll , who owned a mail order business , decided to publish them .

Burmah , in a firm oil section , remained in demand .
burmah , in a firm oil section , [stayed] in demand .

On this basis , Britain was the world 's biggest generator of invisible earnings , and has probably remained so this year .
on this basis , britain was the world 's biggest generator of invisible earnings , and has probably [stayed] so this year .

The intention is for the policeman concerned to develop a local knowledge of his area , to show a presence and develop friendly and informal contact with members of the public , although one was adamant that his role remained primarily one of crime detection rather than prevention , this being the responsibility of community relations .
the intention is for the policeman concerned to develop a local knowledge of his area , to show a presence and develop friendly and informal contact with members of the public , although one was adamant that his role [stayed] primarily one of crime detection rather than prevention , this being the responsibility of community relations .

( While so far there have been some falls in prices , basically in the South , the national price picture has remained positive . )
( while so far there have been some falls in prices , basically in the south , the national price picture has [stayed] positive . )

But there remained too many blocks to opportunity after schooling , and prejudice about the age at which people could begin a new career .
but there [stayed] too many blocks to opportunity after schooling , and prejudice about the age at which people could begin a new career .

Throughout all his operatic output , one factor remained constant : the inspiration of Peter Pears as friend , lover and uniquely-voiced creator of all the tenor leads from Grimes to Aschenbach .
throughout all his operatic output , one factor [stayed] constant : the inspiration of peter pears as friend , lover and uniquely-voiced creator of all the tenor leads from grimes to aschenbach .

After his death , the Maori honoured him with a lying-in-state at Pipitea Marae , near Wellington Cathedral , and a karanga ( lament ) by two kuia ( older women ) who remained with the casket throughout the ceremonies .
after his death , the maori honoured him with a lying-in-state at pipitea marae , near wellington cathedral , and a karanga ( lament ) by two kuia ( older women ) who [stayed] with the casket throughout the ceremonies .

Those rumours were quickly quashed by the Treasury , but there remained an underlying conference mood of expectation and anticipation ; wondering how Mr Lawson would respond to party concern about the economy .
those rumours were quickly quashed by the treasury , but there [stayed] an underlying conference mood of expectation and anticipation ; wondering how mr lawson would respond to party concern about the economy .

But they waited , and the roads north and west remained quiet .
but they waited , and the roads north and west [stayed] quiet .

Fénéon , like other excellent critics , was a valued friend of artists , and so he remained all his life even though he gave up writing criticism after a decade of working on the Revue blanche from 1893 to 1903 .
fénéon , like other excellent critics , was a valued friend of artists , and so he [stayed] all his life even though he gave up writing criticism after a decade of working on the revue blanche from 1893 to 1903 .

Looser paint-handling , combined with what remained an essentially Cubist sense of design , drawing , layout , was what artists as different as Gorky and Pollock had in common during the mid-1940s .
looser paint-handling , combined with what [stayed] an essentially cubist sense of design , drawing , layout , was what artists as different as gorky and pollock had in common during the mid-1940s .

The desire for a homely effect meant that pitched roofs remained , even if tucked behind parapets , while the windows adopted horizontal Crittall glazing .
the desire for a homely effect meant that pitched roofs [stayed] , even if tucked behind parapets , while the windows adopted horizontal crittall glazing .

So , in England a whole part of her personality remained buried . And she had so perfected this technique of politely disappearing , that she had to live almost half her life before she came to realize that she had almost disappeared to her own self !
so , in england a whole part of her personality [stayed] buried . and she had so perfected this technique of politely disappearing , that she had to live almost half her life before she came to realize that she had almost disappeared to her own self !

It seems obvious she must have known it was the fermer but he wished she had said so , after all this remained his city .
it seems obvious she must have known it was the fermer but he wished she had said so , after all this [stayed] his city .

It was exactly what Leonard expected of a poet , and he and Layton have remained firm friends ever since .
it was exactly what leonard expected of a poet , and he and layton have [stayed] firm friends ever since .

By this time the Jewish community in Greece had dwindled to something like 6,000 ( from the 11,000 which remained after the Nazi occupation ; 75,000 having been liquidated ) .
by this time the jewish community in greece had dwindled to something like 6,000 ( from the 11,000 which [stayed] after the nazi occupation ; 75,000 having been liquidated ) .

Manzano has drawn attention to a real difference when he says ( of both these first books ) , ‘ In general Cohen is lyrical in his writings when he refers to himself , and anarchistic when he confronts the outside world , ’ a comment which becomes more fully justified as time goes by , though Leonard 's anarchism remained personal and mainly verbal .
manzano has drawn attention to a real difference when he says ( of both these first books ) , ‘ in general cohen is lyrical in his writings when he refers to himself , and anarchistic when he confronts the outside world , ’ a comment which becomes more fully justified as time goes by , though leonard 's anarchism [stayed] personal and mainly verbal .

Clare O'Halloran ( 1986 ) has shown how the social reality of Northern Ireland remained a continuing blind spot for Southern Irish nationalists particularly from the founding of the state to 1949 .
clare o'halloran ( 1986 ) has shown how the social reality of northern ireland [stayed] a continuing blind spot for southern irish nationalists particularly from the founding of the state to 1949 .

There did exist the small Northern Ireland Labour Party which disappeared after the fall of Stormont ; but it had been based on industrial workers , particularly in the shipyards , and remained much smaller in size than its Southern counterpart .
there did exist the small northern ireland labour party which disappeared after the fall of stormont ; but it had been based on industrial workers , particularly in the shipyards , and [stayed] much smaller in size than its southern counterpart .

They are thus not simply a mentality derived from popular religion but from a traditional Roman catholicism which held sway in catholic Europe from the post-Reformation period and remained unchallenged until the 1960s .
they are thus not simply a mentality derived from popular religion but from a traditional roman catholicism which held sway in catholic europe from the post-reformation period and [stayed] unchallenged until the 1960s .

Even when non-Anglican protestants had become accepted as citizens in England and Ireland towards the end of the eighteenth century as they already were in Scotland and Wales , English and Irish catholics remained politically suspect .
even when non-anglican protestants had become accepted as citizens in england and ireland towards the end of the eighteenth century as they already were in scotland and wales , english and irish catholics [stayed] politically suspect .

They remained so throughout the nineteenth century and were not normally trusted with public office .
they [stayed] so throughout the nineteenth century and were not normally trusted with public office .

Whereas in Britain , with the growth of suffrage , catholics could never be perceived as a political threat because of the smallness of their numbers , in Ireland , with the growth of the home rule movement and its accompanying nationalism , they could only be perceived as politically , religiously , and nationally subversive and suspicion of them remained .
whereas in britain , with the growth of suffrage , catholics could never be perceived as a political threat because of the smallness of their numbers , in ireland , with the growth of the home rule movement and its accompanying nationalism , they could only be perceived as politically , religiously , and nationally subversive and suspicion of them [stayed] .

An additional concern of the church remained the fear of socialism .
an additional concern of the church [stayed] the fear of socialism .

In such an unclear area , it was not to be left to Dáil members to decide , irrespective of whether it still remained an appropriate public measure .
in such an unclear area , it was not to be left to dáil members to decide , irrespective of whether it still [stayed] an appropriate public measure .

The change in the socio-moral context was hardly recognized , and the corresponding change in religious social ethics had remained unformulated .
the change in the socio-moral context was hardly recognized , and the corresponding change in religious social ethics had [stayed] unformulated .

But a key element remained the considerable filial loyalty the catholic nationalists showed towards their clergy , bishops , and Popes .
but a key element [stayed] the considerable filial loyalty the catholic nationalists showed towards their clergy , bishops , and popes .

The police remained silent in the face of such speculation .
the police [stayed] silent in the face of such speculation .

At the same time , he remained committed to a popular cinema , a cinema of the slums and the villages .
at the same time , he [stayed] committed to a popular cinema , a cinema of the slums and the villages .

As a result , the fate of many victims remained unknown .
as a result , the fate of many victims [stayed] unknown .

In Iran Marian Firouz , a writer and translator in her mid-70s , has remained imprisoned since 1983 for her non-violent political activities .
in iran marian firouz , a writer and translator in her mid-70s , has [stayed] imprisoned since 1983 for her non-violent political activities .

As of mid-April , he remained in the infirmary .
as of mid-april , he [stayed] in the infirmary .

The invisibility in the written record , which Shapland and Hobbs ( 1989 ) observed , and the unrecorded information which Chatterton told the conference remained hidden in the heads of the constables are the result of cultural values , which are then brought to bear to deny validity to these agendas .
the invisibility in the written record , which shapland and hobbs ( 1989 ) observed , and the unrecorded information which chatterton told the conference [stayed] hidden in the heads of the constables are the result of cultural values , which are then brought to bear to deny validity to these agendas .

thesis , and although apparently not very controversial , it invoked such extreme measures simply to ensure it remained under wraps .
thesis , and although apparently not very controversial , it invoked such extreme measures simply to ensure it [stayed] under wraps .

Jones 's book remained untouched on the shelves of Northumbria 's modest library in its first two years , even though it had good reviews ; and the influence of his research has been all but negligible .
jones 's book [stayed] untouched on the shelves of northumbria 's modest library in its first two years , even though it had good reviews ; and the influence of his research has been all but negligible .

There were only three divisions in the city — east , west , and central — and each of us in our own division knew we were the élite ; for just as the men in the west were certain they were best , so the men from the east remained convinced of their own superiority .
there were only three divisions in the city — east , west , and central — and each of us in our own division knew we were the élite ; for just as the men in the west were certain they were best , so the men from the east [stayed] convinced of their own superiority .

With the public appropriation of certain categories of property , however , the police have been on more certain ground , for the status attributed to the ‘ capture of the thief ’ has remained fairly constant , at least since the police were created as a public body .
with the public appropriation of certain categories of property , however , the police have been on more certain ground , for the status attributed to the ‘ capture of the thief ’ has [stayed] fairly constant , at least since the police were created as a public body .

’ Glasser thunders on : ‘ Both Lilian and Mary invested too much emotional capital in their opposition to father , whose influence naturally remained dominant , try as they might to escape ; and this imbalance distorted their view of relationships and of the world .
’ glasser thunders on : ‘ both lilian and mary invested too much emotional capital in their opposition to father , whose influence naturally [stayed] dominant , try as they might to escape ; and this imbalance distorted their view of relationships and of the world .

The dualistic ambience in literature has long been influential , but has remained controversial , and it is both influential and controversial in these annals of the House of Roth .
the dualistic ambience in literature has long been influential , but has [stayed] controversial , and it is both influential and controversial in these annals of the house of roth .

With infinite delicacy forget-me-nots and rosebuds , croci and oak leaves are chiselled out of native lime ( grown in the grounds of the palace itself ) and slotted into ancient floral compositions which , but for a discarded cigarette in the grace and favour flats above , could perhaps have remained undisturbed for the next 300 years .
with infinite delicacy forget-me-nots and rosebuds , croci and oak leaves are chiselled out of native lime ( grown in the grounds of the palace itself ) and slotted into ancient floral compositions which , but for a discarded cigarette in the grace and favour flats above , could perhaps have [stayed] undisturbed for the next 300 years .

Although it was relatively ineffective , the fact that it was considerably safer than mercury meant that it remained in the pharmacopoeia of many countries until the twentieth century .
although it was relatively ineffective , the fact that it was considerably safer than mercury meant that it [stayed] in the pharmacopoeia of many countries until the twentieth century .

The elimination of prostitution was a simple matter , the social revolution took care of that , but there remained the problem of infection in the population at large .
the elimination of prostitution was a simple matter , the social revolution took care of that , but there [stayed] the problem of infection in the population at large .

The remaining 90 per cent of cases remained an obstinate mystery until the middle fifties , when it became possible to culture this obscure organism on the yolk-sac of the chicken embryo .
the remaining 90 per cent of cases [stayed] an obstinate mystery until the middle fifties , when it became possible to culture this obscure organism on the yolk-sac of the chicken embryo .

Summer 1982 and still Steven Morrissey remained in the shadows .
summer 1982 and still steven morrissey [stayed] in the shadows .

Initially they planned a series of gigs but Mike Joyce fell ill and only a New York Danceteria date on New Year 's Eve remained .
initially they planned a series of gigs but mike joyce fell ill and only a new york danceteria date on new year 's eve [stayed] .

Quando remained a little known cult band in England but aspired to a high degree of success in the New York dance floor market .
quando [stayed] a little known cult band in england but aspired to a high degree of success in the new york dance floor market .

As one who was so instrumental in mapping out the future promise of early Smiths , his quote ‘ If you asked me to write something about The Smiths now it would probably be critical ’ , remained interesting .
as one who was so instrumental in mapping out the future promise of early smiths , his quote ‘ if you asked me to write something about the smiths now it would probably be critical ’ , [stayed] interesting .

But the ‘ no smoke without fire ’ theory remained in people 's minds , all of which was a direct product of the band 's status and a residue of success which leaves initial followers with a sense of loss as ‘ their ’ band goes public .
but the ‘ no smoke without fire ’ theory [stayed] in people 's minds , all of which was a direct product of the band 's status and a residue of success which leaves initial followers with a sense of loss as ‘ their ’ band goes public .

It was n't designed to attract new listeners , however , for Morrissey 's lyric remained both maudlin and frivolous .
it was n't designed to attract new listeners , however , for morrissey 's lyric [stayed] both maudlin and frivolous .

About half of all married men engage in extra-marital sex at least once in their married lives — a statistic which has remained more or less constant for many decades .
about half of all married men engage in extra-marital sex at least once in their married lives — a statistic which has [stayed] more or less constant for many decades .

She had a growing conviction that conventional psychology could not hold all the answers — and that there was a missing link which meant that , very often , people 's problems remained unsolved .
she had a growing conviction that conventional psychology could not hold all the answers — and that there was a missing link which meant that , very often , people 's problems [stayed] unsolved .

There still remained , however , some examples of blood-sharing among unrelated bats , cases where the ‘ blood is thicker than water ’ explanation would not fit the facts .
there still [stayed] , however , some examples of blood-sharing among unrelated bats , cases where the ‘ blood is thicker than water ’ explanation would not fit the facts .

In a moment the vision faded but she remained where she was , immobile .
in a moment the vision faded but she [stayed] where she was , immobile .

Even in late antiquity the wearing of the toga remained a privilege indicative of age , sex and social rank .
even in late antiquity the wearing of the toga [stayed] a privilege indicative of age , sex and social rank .

Some stone heads , notably female portraits from Cyrene , which remained culturally close to Egypt after the incorporation of both areas within the Roman Empire , have cuttings for the insertion of metal earrings and hairpins .
some stone heads , notably female portraits from cyrene , which [stayed] culturally close to egypt after the incorporation of both areas within the roman empire , have cuttings for the insertion of metal earrings and hairpins .

Membership , it was said , never at any point rose above thirty and much of the time remained closer to nine or ten .
membership , it was said , never at any point rose above thirty and much of the time [stayed] closer to nine or ten .

It is something of a revelation that this memory from over thirty years ago should have remained with Miss Kenton as it has done with me .
it is something of a revelation that this memory from over thirty years ago should have [stayed] with miss kenton as it has done with me .

But there is another memory that has remained with me very vividly in relation to this matter .
but there is another memory that has [stayed] with me very vividly in relation to this matter .

It was in the midst of these preliminary discussions that his lordship entrusted me with a mission sufficiently unusual for it to have remained in my memory to this day , alongside those other more obviously unforgettable occurrences that were to take place during that remarkable week .
it was in the midst of these preliminary discussions that his lordship entrusted me with a mission sufficiently unusual for it to have [stayed] in my memory to this day , alongside those other more obviously unforgettable occurrences that were to take place during that remarkable week .

Until the Industrial Revolution , farming in Britain ( in its combined sense ) remained predominantly small-scale , mixed , and locally self-sufficient .
until the industrial revolution , farming in britain ( in its combined sense ) [stayed] predominantly small-scale , mixed , and locally self-sufficient .

What station-building remained was increasingly to reflect the functional , geometrical approach , stressing cubes and cylinders and glorying in reinforced concrete .
what station-building [stayed] was increasingly to reflect the functional , geometrical approach , stressing cubes and cylinders and glorying in reinforced concrete .

By the end of the century American railways were largely in the hands of ten large companies ( although there remained several hundred small ones ) commanded by railway versions of merchant princes .
by the end of the century american railways were largely in the hands of ten large companies ( although there [stayed] several hundred small ones ) commanded by railway versions of merchant princes .

In the second half of the nineteenth century the population of Siberia had doubled , but although some short railways had been built to connect river navigations — as in Canada — conditions of transport remained exceptionally primitive .
in the second half of the nineteenth century the population of siberia had doubled , but although some short railways had been built to connect river navigations — as in canada — conditions of transport [stayed] exceptionally primitive .

The old wooden structure , in the same style as the original Ob , Achinsk , or Olginskaya , remained in use , but a new stone building with a central booking hall and two wings was completed , ready to take over .
the old wooden structure , in the same style as the original ob , achinsk , or olginskaya , [stayed] in use , but a new stone building with a central booking hall and two wings was completed , ready to take over .

In Salisbury the station remained an elongated single-platformed structure throughout its history , with all the passenger and office facilities provided in a building almost as long as the platform itself .
in salisbury the station [stayed] an elongated single-platformed structure throughout its history , with all the passenger and office facilities provided in a building almost as long as the platform itself .

Boys who did not , remained in the elementary-school system ( in , as will appear , most cases ) to linger on like dispossessed giants until the system and my grandfather let go of them at the age of fourteen .
boys who did not , [stayed] in the elementary-school system ( in , as will appear , most cases ) to linger on like dispossessed giants until the system and my grandfather let go of them at the age of fourteen .

Numbers were down to 420,000 by January 1940 and , although there were fluctuations as bombing began in earnest , by the end of 1942 only 220,000 remained .
numbers were down to 420,000 by january 1940 and , although there were fluctuations as bombing began in earnest , by the end of 1942 only 220,000 [stayed] .

The school-leaving age was raised , and the birth-rate remained high throughout the period 1944 to 1949 .
the school-leaving age was raised , and the birth-rate [stayed] high throughout the period 1944 to 1949 .

Nevertheless , the gap remained wide .
nevertheless , the gap [stayed] wide .

After the Education Act of 1902 the London County Council made available each year a number of scholarships for brighter boys from its own elementary schools , but the school ( like Lord Williams 's School at Thame ) remained formally independent .
after the education act of 1902 the london county council made available each year a number of scholarships for brighter boys from its own elementary schools , but the school ( like lord williams 's school at thame ) [stayed] formally independent .

But the distinction between Public and grammar remained unclear , although the lines were sharpened by the creation in 1869 of the Headmasters ' Conference and the consequent definition of an inner circle of boys ' Public Schools , properly so called .
but the distinction between public and grammar [stayed] unclear , although the lines were sharpened by the creation in 1869 of the headmasters ' conference and the consequent definition of an inner circle of boys ' public schools , properly so called .

Nevertheless , the schools remained conscious of their semi-independent-past , of the closeness of their cultural alliance with the Public Schools , and ( in consequence ) attentive to traditional and ceremonious standards and to the preservation of an austerely academic curriculum .
nevertheless , the schools [stayed] conscious of their semi-independent-past , of the closeness of their cultural alliance with the public schools , and ( in consequence ) attentive to traditional and ceremonious standards and to the preservation of an austerely academic curriculum .

The concentration and academic character of that sixth form did not come under serious pressure before the 1960s , and even then remained a powerful influence upon those who taught and studied in grammar schools .
the concentration and academic character of that sixth form did not come under serious pressure before the 1960s , and even then [stayed] a powerful influence upon those who taught and studied in grammar schools .

Nevertheless , the bipartite system remained in place and would be fundamentally modified only if a powerful political will to do so could be mobilized .
nevertheless , the bipartite system [stayed] in place and would be fundamentally modified only if a powerful political will to do so could be mobilized .

The provision of schools in Banbury remained patchy until the late nineteenth century .
the provision of schools in banbury [stayed] patchy until the late nineteenth century .

The spectre of comprehensive schools nevertheless remained an alarming one , and not least to those who taught in the secure and effective world of grammar schools .
the spectre of comprehensive schools nevertheless [stayed] an alarming one , and not least to those who taught in the secure and effective world of grammar schools .

‘ Fine streaming ’ — the allocation of pupils , according to their general ability , to classes in which they remained for all subjects — declined in favour .
‘ fine streaming ’ — the allocation of pupils , according to their general ability , to classes in which they [stayed] for all subjects — declined in favour .

They remained as members of that Hall for four years , taking no public examinations , and being taught predominantly but not exclusively by teachers attached to the Hall .
they [stayed] as members of that hall for four years , taking no public examinations , and being taught predominantly but not exclusively by teachers attached to the hall .

The endowments of the schools were rarely lavish , and they depended on fees which necessarily remained high .
the endowments of the schools were rarely lavish , and they depended on fees which necessarily [stayed] high .

British Coal , however , remained adamant that the Roo Management offer alone was acceptable , and proceeded to sell the house to the company .
british coal , however , [stayed] adamant that the roo management offer alone was acceptable , and proceeded to sell the house to the company .

We waited anxiously as reports came in of 97-mph gales in the Pennines but thankfully the spire remained firm .
we waited anxiously as reports came in of 97-mph gales in the pennines but thankfully the spire [stayed] firm .

The position on partial demolition , however , remained uncertain after the House of Lords case , and by degrees various church bodies began to put forward proposals for partial demolition , in some cases leaving no more than a facade or church hall , arguing that , as part of the site was to remain in ecclesiastical use , no permission to demolish was required .
the position on partial demolition , however , [stayed] uncertain after the house of lords case , and by degrees various church bodies began to put forward proposals for partial demolition , in some cases leaving no more than a facade or church hall , arguing that , as part of the site was to remain in ecclesiastical use , no permission to demolish was required .

At first the ramp was set up without any flat bottom or platforms and three feet of vert , the ramp remained like this for about half a year .
at first the ramp was set up without any flat bottom or platforms and three feet of vert , the ramp [stayed] like this for about half a year .

The other ramp went to Andover so the two identical ramps remained some 50 miles apart for about 6 years .
the other ramp went to andover so the two identical ramps [stayed] some 50 miles apart for about 6 years .

He left the room and Newman swung round to face Monica who had remained like a piece of the furniture during the whole time since he 'd arrived .
he left the room and newman swung round to face monica who had [stayed] like a piece of the furniture during the whole time since he 'd arrived .

Newman remained silent for the rest of the flight .
newman [stayed] silent for the rest of the flight .

Many points were still obscure in the 1930s , notably how relapses could occur in subjects long after they had left malarial regions and remained healthy for months with no sign of parasites in their blood .
many points were still obscure in the 1930s , notably how relapses could occur in subjects long after they had left malarial regions and [stayed] healthy for months with no sign of parasites in their blood .

After the great innovative period of bacteriology had achieved its ends , there remained a number of diseases , evidently infectious , for which no causative organisms could be found .
after the great innovative period of bacteriology had achieved its ends , there [stayed] a number of diseases , evidently infectious , for which no causative organisms could be found .

Some other cellular event was involved , but its nature remained obscure and unexplained for another 30 years .
some other cellular event was involved , but its nature [stayed] obscure and unexplained for another 30 years .

But the practical necessities of treating patients remained , so the majority of physicians continued to use as many of the available remedies as they thought necessary , relying on their personal experience , the opinions of colleagues , and the reports of such trials as they had time to study .
but the practical necessities of treating patients [stayed] , so the majority of physicians continued to use as many of the available remedies as they thought necessary , relying on their personal experience , the opinions of colleagues , and the reports of such trials as they had time to study .

The French psychiatrist Pierre Deniker , records that a substance closely related to promethazine and later known as chlorpromazine was synthesized in 1950 and ‘ would have remained on the shelves had the surgeon and physiologist Henri Laborit not asked the manufacturer for a drug with central effects stronger than those of promethazine ’ .
the french psychiatrist pierre deniker , records that a substance closely related to promethazine and later known as chlorpromazine was synthesized in 1950 and ‘ would have [stayed] on the shelves had the surgeon and physiologist henri laborit not asked the manufacturer for a drug with central effects stronger than those of promethazine ’ .

Alas , it was not nearly so simple , and many more complex problems remained to be solved .
alas , it was not nearly so simple , and many more complex problems [stayed] to be solved .

All the problems of evaluation remained , but the people who took them felt better , and the doctors who prescribed them were relieved to find a means by which unhappy patients could be helped .
all the problems of evaluation [stayed] , but the people who took them felt better , and the doctors who prescribed them were relieved to find a means by which unhappy patients could be helped .

Depressed and anxious patients who sought refuge from their troubles by taking an overdose remained unconscious for a time but did not die of respiratory failure or asphyxiation , as happened only too readily after an overdose of barbiturate .
depressed and anxious patients who sought refuge from their troubles by taking an overdose [stayed] unconscious for a time but did not die of respiratory failure or asphyxiation , as happened only too readily after an overdose of barbiturate .

The subtler aspects of their effects on behaviour were widely investigated but remained extremely difficult to evaluate .
the subtler aspects of their effects on behaviour were widely investigated but [stayed] extremely difficult to evaluate .

The boy remained silent .
the boy [stayed] silent .

Our penguins remained elusively in the distance , though motionless .
our penguins [stayed] elusively in the distance , though motionless .

She remained in the long druggeted corridor , a crumpled figure in a pink dressing gown watching the forests spinning madly by .
she [stayed] in the long druggeted corridor , a crumpled figure in a pink dressing gown watching the forests spinning madly by .

All that remained was paperwork and a passage to Peking .
all that [stayed] was paperwork and a passage to peking .

But in spite of his obsession with the failures of the past , his essential irreverent humour remained undimmed .
but in spite of his obsession with the failures of the past , his essential irreverent humour [stayed] undimmed .

The problem of recruiting remained , however , and fighting units were unwilling to give up their most enterprising officers and men .
the problem of recruiting [stayed] , however , and fighting units were unwilling to give up their most enterprising officers and men .

This system was used before the advent of on-line catalogues to ensure that at least one copy of a book remained in a library system , which was often county-wide and contained many branches .
this system was used before the advent of on-line catalogues to ensure that at least one copy of a book [stayed] in a library system , which was often county-wide and contained many branches .

In Bulgaria traditional music thrives , and unlike British fold music ( collated and ruined by rich Victorians ) it has for centuries remained undiluted by outside influences .
in bulgaria traditional music thrives , and unlike british fold music ( collated and ruined by rich victorians ) it has for centuries [stayed] undiluted by outside influences .

In his report published two days ago in which he accused the Department of Trade and Industry of ‘ substantial maladministration ’ over the Barlow Clowes affair , Sir Anthony wrote : ‘ He ( the liquidator ) believed that the warrant for her arrest still remained outstanding .
in his report published two days ago in which he accused the department of trade and industry of ‘ substantial maladministration ’ over the barlow clowes affair , sir anthony wrote : ‘ he ( the liquidator ) believed that the warrant for her arrest still [stayed] outstanding .

Two key reports have remained secret .
two key reports have [stayed] secret .

Mr Ceausescu remained intransigent in a speech to the rally , repeating his claims that the unrest was being fanned from abroad .
mr ceausescu [stayed] intransigent in a speech to the rally , repeating his claims that the unrest was being fanned from abroad .

Writing in the current issue of Annals of Internal Medicine , Dr Rein Saral and Dr Kent Holland report that the new bone marrow grew and remained free from the Aids virus .
writing in the current issue of annals of internal medicine , dr rein saral and dr kent holland report that the new bone marrow grew and [stayed] free from the aids virus .

Discrepancies remained last night between the Foreign Office 's emphasis on 50,000 heads of families involved and what looked like a Home Office attempt to put a ceiling of 200,000-225,000 on the total number .
discrepancies [stayed] last night between the foreign office 's emphasis on 50,000 heads of families involved and what looked like a home office attempt to put a ceiling of 200,000-225,000 on the total number .

Discrepancies remained last night between the Foreign Office 's emphasis on 50,000 heads of families involved and what looked like a Home Office attempt to put a ceiling of 200,000-225,000 on the total number .
discrepancies [stayed] last night between the foreign office 's emphasis on 50,000 heads of families involved and what looked like a home office attempt to put a ceiling of 200,000-225,000 on the total number .

President Nicolae Ceausescu , however , remained unperturbed by the news and continued his official visit to Iran .
president nicolae ceausescu , however , [stayed] unperturbed by the news and continued his official visit to iran .

But what now clearly looks to be the gravest threat to Mr Ceausescu 's 24-year period of iron rule remained unreported by the Romanian media .
but what now clearly looks to be the gravest threat to mr ceausescu 's 24-year period of iron rule [stayed] unreported by the romanian media .

It seems that although English greenswards remained innocent of South Africans , score cards from agreed events were exchanged through the mails .
it seems that although english greenswards [stayed] innocent of south africans , score cards from agreed events were exchanged through the mails .

However the direct , positive pattern of England 's football remained the same .
however the direct , positive pattern of england 's football [stayed] the same .

The World Cup leader , Ole Christian Furuseth of Norway , finished down the field but remained top of the standings on 118 points .
the world cup leader , ole christian furuseth of norway , finished down the field but [stayed] top of the standings on 118 points .

It seems that although English greenswards remained innocent of South Africans , score cards from agreed events were exchanged through the mails in what is said to be a contravention of the Gleneagles Agreement .
it seems that although english greenswards [stayed] innocent of south africans , score cards from agreed events were exchanged through the mails in what is said to be a contravention of the gleneagles agreement .

Financial markets remained closed by government order yesterday but will reopen today .
financial markets [stayed] closed by government order yesterday but will reopen today .

Kakoo , as she was always known , was a unique person , one of the loveliest girls we ever saw , and all her life she remained beautiful , with a marvellous sense of humour and a true enjoyment in everything she did and everyone she knew .
kakoo , as she was always known , was a unique person , one of the loveliest girls we ever saw , and all her life she [stayed] beautiful , with a marvellous sense of humour and a true enjoyment in everything she did and everyone she knew .

One of the country 's vice-presidents , Mr Casimir Ionescu , said thousands of Securitate members waging a guerrilla campaign had given up , while hundreds remained at large .
one of the country 's vice-presidents , mr casimir ionescu , said thousands of securitate members waging a guerrilla campaign had given up , while hundreds [stayed] at large .

The whereabouts of Pastor Tokes remained unclear , amid unconfirmed reports that he had been murdered .
the whereabouts of pastor tokes [stayed] unclear , amid unconfirmed reports that he had been murdered .

Much more important is the fact that Mr Constantin Oancea , the man who dealt with Hungarian relations at the Romanian foreign ministry in Ceausescu 's time , has not only remained in post but appears to have been promoted .
much more important is the fact that mr constantin oancea , the man who dealt with hungarian relations at the romanian foreign ministry in ceausescu 's time , has not only [stayed] in post but appears to have been promoted .

The girls had washed and put away the cups and plates , covered the few squares of sandwiches that remained with a damp cloth .
the girls had washed and put away the cups and plates , covered the few squares of sandwiches that [stayed] with a damp cloth .

If she was nervous it remained hidden and in a few minutes she had put each of the sisters completely at ease , their shame and apprehension gone .
if she was nervous it [stayed] hidden and in a few minutes she had put each of the sisters completely at ease , their shame and apprehension gone .

Rose remained silent but the pleasure showed in her features .
rose [stayed] silent but the pleasure showed in her features .

They remained obstinately silent , abject looking as well , the camouflage they had learned to use for safekeeping .
they [stayed] obstinately silent , abject looking as well , the camouflage they had learned to use for safekeeping .

‘ What does it matter whether they are open or shut ? ’ he said and the doors remained open .
‘ what does it matter whether they are open or shut ? ’ he said and the doors [stayed] open .

Moran looked from his son 's face to his wife 's but his own remained expressionless .
moran looked from his son 's face to his wife 's but his own [stayed] expressionless .

Leland claimed his company was worth over $ 16 million : 3407 Lincolns had been built and 241 remained in the plant at the time of the sale .
leland claimed his company was worth over $ 16 million : 3407 lincolns had been built and 241 [stayed] in the plant at the time of the sale .

The other boat remained out during the match to keep the fishing areas clear .
the other boat [stayed] out during the match to keep the fishing areas clear .

Always he remained grateful to his college .
always he [stayed] grateful to his college .

After a time teaching in a Scottish school , Fettes , the degree got him a fellowship in mathematics at his own college of Magdalene ; where he remained the rest of his long life — teaching mathematics , holding various college offices , going every week to Emmanuel Congregational chapel , and becoming after a time one of its deacons or church officers .
after a time teaching in a scottish school , fettes , the degree got him a fellowship in mathematics at his own college of magdalene ; where he [stayed] the rest of his long life — teaching mathematics , holding various college offices , going every week to emmanuel congregational chapel , and becoming after a time one of its deacons or church officers .

Ramsey always remained critical of Hoskyns .
ramsey always [stayed] critical of hoskyns .

The music meant little to him , but the history , the architecture , the stones , the daily sacrament , and all the associations of the place remained with him permanently .
the music meant little to him , but the history , the architecture , the stones , the daily sacrament , and all the associations of the place [stayed] with him permanently .

Profit remained the sole objective but the means of achieving it was transformed .
profit [stayed] the sole objective but the means of achieving it was transformed .

The same is true of the various biographies of Lloyd George — although , no doubt , when John Grigg 's multi-volume Life reaches 1931 it will illuminate much that has hitherto remained obscure ; likewise , in the case of Lloyd George 's great enemy , Neville Chamberlain , we have to await the completion of David Dilks 's biography .
the same is true of the various biographies of lloyd george — although , no doubt , when john grigg 's multi-volume life reaches 1931 it will illuminate much that has hitherto [stayed] obscure ; likewise , in the case of lloyd george 's great enemy , neville chamberlain , we have to await the completion of david dilks 's biography .

Its only rallying cry remained free trade ; and yet it was clear that the 1931 election would result in a protectionist majority .
its only rallying cry [stayed] free trade ; and yet it was clear that the 1931 election would result in a protectionist majority .

The Liberal party could no more than the Radicals answer the fundamental question of whether , with political liberalism and universal suffrage achieved , there remained a distinctive philosophy of liberalism which could differentiate the Liberals from other political parties .
the liberal party could no more than the radicals answer the fundamental question of whether , with political liberalism and universal suffrage achieved , there [stayed] a distinctive philosophy of liberalism which could differentiate the liberals from other political parties .

Although discussion on other matters , such as technical standards and the creation of an international authority to oversee them , proceeded easily , the question of economic control remained insoluble .
although discussion on other matters , such as technical standards and the creation of an international authority to oversee them , proceeded easily , the question of economic control [stayed] insoluble .

As the British moved to create a new regime for their airlines after the war , the outstanding unresolved issue from the Chicago conference remained : the need for an Anglo-American air transport agreement .
as the british moved to create a new regime for their airlines after the war , the outstanding unresolved issue from the chicago conference [stayed] : the need for an anglo-american air transport agreement .

The scale of Britain 's overseas government expenditure was a source of intense debate at the time , and has remained a source of criticism of the Attlee government 's policies .
the scale of britain 's overseas government expenditure was a source of intense debate at the time , and has [stayed] a source of criticism of the attlee government 's policies .

In spite of a number of important publications in the early 1980s which sought to take Edwardian Conservatism seriously , notably the work of Geoffrey Searle , Alan Sykes , and Gregory Phillips , the Conservative party remained the Cinderella of Edwardian historiography , languishing in the shadows while its ugly sisters , the Liberal and Labour parties , hogged the limelight .
in spite of a number of important publications in the early 1980s which sought to take edwardian conservatism seriously , notably the work of geoffrey searle , alan sykes , and gregory phillips , the conservative party [stayed] the cinderella of edwardian historiography , languishing in the shadows while its ugly sisters , the liberal and labour parties , hogged the limelight .

His economic theorizing , which remained at this period within the framework of neo-classical doctrine , was driven by policy considerations .
his economic theorizing , which [stayed] at this period within the framework of neo-classical doctrine , was driven by policy considerations .

The radicalism of his campaign for state investment owed nothing to latent dissent over economic theory , for neo-classical economics could accommodate public works and Keynes himself remained on orthodox disciple of Marshall .
the radicalism of his campaign for state investment owed nothing to latent dissent over economic theory , for neo-classical economics could accommodate public works and keynes himself [stayed] on orthodox disciple of marshall .

As late as the 1900s , Mrs Humphry Ward , the best-selling Victorian novelist and leading anti-suffragist , stressed that marriage had to be regarded as a necessary discipline , for if husbands and wives could not resolve their differences what hope remained for the larger polity ?
as late as the 1900s , mrs humphry ward , the best-selling victorian novelist and leading anti-suffragist , stressed that marriage had to be regarded as a necessary discipline , for if husbands and wives could not resolve their differences what hope [stayed] for the larger polity ?

Wright — so long as he remained in exile — could write what he liked .
wright — so long as he [stayed] in exile — could write what he liked .

The trade union leadership remained unmoved but to quote Race and Class ( Winter 1977 ) :
the trade union leadership [stayed] unmoved but to quote race and class ( winter 1977 ) :

My father , torn between allegiance to The Wife or the Monarch , remained standing to attention , biting his stiff upper lip .
my father , torn between allegiance to the wife or the monarch , [stayed] standing to attention , biting his stiff upper lip .

It remained an integral part of a government department but with an attempt to try to introduce accountable management and run it in a businesslike fashion .
it [stayed] an integral part of a government department but with an attempt to try to introduce accountable management and run it in a businesslike fashion .

The job involved visiting mining camps , quarries and oilfields all over the world selling explosives and it gave Haslam his first taste of the excitement of travel , something that has remained with him all his life .
the job involved visiting mining camps , quarries and oilfields all over the world selling explosives and it gave haslam his first taste of the excitement of travel , something that has [stayed] with him all his life .

The Housing of the Working Classes Act , 1890 , unified previous housing legislation and remained the principal Housing Act until the consolidating Act of 1925 .
the housing of the working classes act , 1890 , unified previous housing legislation and [stayed] the principal housing act until the consolidating act of 1925 .

Thereby it remained , in Britain 's eyes though not in its own , a part of the Empire , which was beginning about that time to be called the Commonwealth , and its citizens remained British subjects .
thereby it [stayed] , in britain 's eyes though not in its own , a part of the empire , which was beginning about that time to be called the commonwealth , and its citizens [stayed] british subjects .

In order to maintain the illusion that the Indian Union , though a republic in form as well as in reality , remained nevertheless part of the same political entity as the United Kingdom , the British in effect abolished their monarchy itself .
in order to maintain the illusion that the indian union , though a republic in form as well as in reality , [stayed] nevertheless part of the same political entity as the united kingdom , the british in effect abolished their monarchy itself .

Yet through most of the year many government promises remained on paper .
yet through most of the year many government promises [stayed] on paper .

The nation-wide state publishing organization , Gosizdat , was responsible for the dissemination of official literature of all kinds , but the flow of materials to the provinces remained very weak even as late as 1923 .
the nation-wide state publishing organization , gosizdat , was responsible for the dissemination of official literature of all kinds , but the flow of materials to the provinces [stayed] very weak even as late as 1923 .

These remained the concerns of Belorussian peasants in the 1920s , but unlike French peasants there were no small-scale politics for them to latch on to in order to climb slowly out of their deep provincialism .
these [stayed] the concerns of belorussian peasants in the 1920s , but unlike french peasants there were no small-scale politics for them to latch on to in order to climb slowly out of their deep provincialism .

Socio-economic problems remained largely the same in 1905–14 and 1922 in Kursk guberniia ( though not of course in the Lower Volga area on account of the Famine ) .
socio-economic problems [stayed] largely the same in 1905–14 and 1922 in kursk guberniia ( though not of course in the lower volga area on account of the famine ) .

Its civilian upper echelons remained predominantly Great Russian into the 1920s .
its civilian upper echelons [stayed] predominantly great russian into the 1920s .

Nevertheless the official surveyors who came to map the Trepke boundaries remained too afraid to go into the fields of the estate .
nevertheless the official surveyors who came to map the trepke boundaries [stayed] too afraid to go into the fields of the estate .

By February only forty-three of the 394 schools in Samara guberniia remained on the official food supply list .
by february only forty-three of the 394 schools in samara guberniia [stayed] on the official food supply list .

This remained steady at 25,000 km .
this [stayed] steady at 25,000 km .

Even by 1926 links remained feeble .
even by 1926 links [stayed] feeble .

The combined result of khozraschet and the over-centralized and ill-informed onslaught oh the local press by Agitprop was a fast decline at guberniia and lower levels : of the 802 papers in existence on 1 January 1922 , a mere 313 remained by 1 July .
the combined result of khozraschet and the over-centralized and ill-informed onslaught oh the local press by agitprop was a fast decline at guberniia and lower levels : of the 802 papers in existence on 1 january 1922 , a mere 313 [stayed] by 1 july .

The chief stumbling block to a wider newspaper audience remained the high illiteracy rate .
the chief stumbling block to a wider newspaper audience [stayed] the high illiteracy rate .

This list does not include the great number of Indians who remained anonymous … .
this list does not include the great number of indians who [stayed] anonymous … .

Immense problems remained not merely in the campaign to destroy Indian idols , but in teaching and reinforcing the principles of the new faith .
immense problems [stayed] not merely in the campaign to destroy indian idols , but in teaching and reinforcing the principles of the new faith .

In the later Vogue piece only the style remained as the far more overtly sexual , Kahloesque models lounged and pouted in their ‘ Mexican ’ interiors .
in the later vogue piece only the style [stayed] as the far more overtly sexual , kahloesque models lounged and pouted in their ‘ mexican ’ interiors .

For the most part , however , the legacy of the movement remained less obviously political , and restricted in its appeal to fairly specific audiences in the cultural milieu and especially the visual arts .
for the most part , however , the legacy of the movement [stayed] less obviously political , and restricted in its appeal to fairly specific audiences in the cultural milieu and especially the visual arts .

The struggle over the succession between Ahidjo and Biya , in spite of its curious circumstances , had only served to emphasize that the succession problem remained alive and unresolved .
the struggle over the succession between ahidjo and biya , in spite of its curious circumstances , had only served to emphasize that the succession problem [stayed] alive and unresolved .

They supported a total population estimated at about 100 million , which remained more or less static from 1600 to 1850 — or about 5 people per square mile of cultivable land .
they supported a total population estimated at about 100 million , which [stayed] more or less static from 1600 to 1850 — or about 5 people per square mile of cultivable land .

The joint Royal Air Forces Association and Royal Air Force Benevolent Fund Appeal for Dowding House remained open for donations during the year .
the joint royal air forces association and royal air force benevolent fund appeal for dowding house [stayed] open for donations during the year .

The number of Overseas branches has remained steady despite the inevitable decline in membership .
the number of overseas branches has [stayed] steady despite the inevitable decline in membership .

In the world of youth or pop culture , Britain , without reaching the frenetic heights of the years of the Beatles and the Rolling Stones in the sixties , remained a market leader , with rock festivals taking place in such unlikely locations as Windsor Great Park and Stonehenge .
in the world of youth or pop culture , britain , without reaching the frenetic heights of the years of the beatles and the rolling stones in the sixties , [stayed] a market leader , with rock festivals taking place in such unlikely locations as windsor great park and stonehenge .

Under the shield of North Sea oil and gas , the endemic problems of the economy in the sixties — low productivity , backward manufacturing capacity , immobile and inadequately retrained labour , and excessively cautious unions and management — remained untouched .
under the shield of north sea oil and gas , the endemic problems of the economy in the sixties — low productivity , backward manufacturing capacity , immobile and inadequately retrained labour , and excessively cautious unions and management — [stayed] untouched .

Many of the major issues confronting government and nation remained unsolved , or at best marginally confronted in the 1977–8 period .
many of the major issues confronting government and nation [stayed] unsolved , or at best marginally confronted in the 1977–8 period .

But the abiding issue of Rhodesia , still in the unilateral and technically illegal control of the minority white government of Ian Smith , despite strong black guerrilla opposition from supporters of the rival Nkomo and Mugabe factions , remained undisturbed .
but the abiding issue of rhodesia , still in the unilateral and technically illegal control of the minority white government of ian smith , despite strong black guerrilla opposition from supporters of the rival nkomo and mugabe factions , [stayed] undisturbed .

In short , Ulster remained more of a violent backwater , removed from the mainstream of British social development , at the end of the 1970s than it had been at the start of that troubled decade .
in short , ulster [stayed] more of a violent backwater , removed from the mainstream of british social development , at the end of the 1970s than it had been at the start of that troubled decade .

British higher education remained another source of national pride and complacency , with the high international standing of British universities and polytechnics generally assumed , even though the differential fees imposed on overseas students in Britain , first by the Callaghan government , and later by the Conservatives after 1979 , somewhat eroded this appeal .
british higher education [stayed] another source of national pride and complacency , with the high international standing of british universities and polytechnics generally assumed , even though the differential fees imposed on overseas students in britain , first by the callaghan government , and later by the conservatives after 1979 , somewhat eroded this appeal .

But in terms , say , of residual wealth and capital , educational mobility , or occupational status , even in everyday terms such as dress , hobbies , or accent , British social divisions remained unusually pronounced by European or transatlantic standards .
but in terms , say , of residual wealth and capital , educational mobility , or occupational status , even in everyday terms such as dress , hobbies , or accent , british social divisions [stayed] unusually pronounced by european or transatlantic standards .

The recasting of economic policy in a supply-side direction still remained the faith of a minority .
the recasting of economic policy in a supply-side direction still [stayed] the faith of a minority .

They suggested that , despite everything , most British people remained calm .
they suggested that , despite everything , most british people [stayed] calm .

The cultural activity of the land remained vigorous , with a notable revival , for instance , in British sculpture .
the cultural activity of the land [stayed] vigorous , with a notable revival , for instance , in british sculpture .

Even so , the unions ' power to strike and picket remained substantial ; Tebbit found himself unable to outlaw the closed shop entirely .
even so , the unions ' power to strike and picket [stayed] substantial ; tebbit found himself unable to outlaw the closed shop entirely .

Otherwise , the Commonwealth relationship remained more tranquil under Mrs Thatcher than might have been expected .
otherwise , the commonwealth relationship [stayed] more tranquil under mrs thatcher than might have been expected .

But there still remained immensely powerful ministers who led the fight for increased public investment and spending measures to cut unemployment .
but there still [stayed] immensely powerful ministers who led the fight for increased public investment and spending measures to cut unemployment .

Lawson remained confident and buoyant in his commitment to tax cuts .
lawson [stayed] confident and buoyant in his commitment to tax cuts .

The Church had continued to lose members in the 1970s and 1980s , yet it remained a powerful source of social criticism .
the church had continued to lose members in the 1970s and 1980s , yet it [stayed] a powerful source of social criticism .

She remained dedicated to the American nuclear umbrella over the west .
she [stayed] dedicated to the american nuclear umbrella over the west .

But on longer-term issues such as membership of the European Monetary System she remained hostile .
but on longer-term issues such as membership of the european monetary system she [stayed] hostile .

The British attitude to Europe remained as functional and piecemeal as it had been in the time of Ernest Bevin after 1945 .
the british attitude to europe [stayed] as functional and piecemeal as it had been in the time of ernest bevin after 1945 .

Despite this , Mrs Thatcher 's European sympathies remained distinctly moderate .
despite this , mrs thatcher 's european sympathies [stayed] distinctly moderate .

But the question remained whether it could really mean much in practice .
but the question [stayed] whether it could really mean much in practice .

The security problem remained acute , not least because the Royal Ulster Constabulary , which had suffered grievously in various shootings and bombings , was clearly seen as a Protestant ascendancy force .
the security problem [stayed] acute , not least because the royal ulster constabulary , which had suffered grievously in various shootings and bombings , was clearly seen as a protestant ascendancy force .

As long as the balance of payments remained boosted by North Sea oil and the pattern of growth continued , so Britain 's international credibility would continue to grow .
as long as the balance of payments [stayed] boosted by north sea oil and the pattern of growth continued , so britain 's international credibility would continue to grow .

Mrs Thatcher 's approach to world affairs remained in key respects significantly insular , her approach to full European collaboration notably hesitant .
mrs thatcher 's approach to world affairs [stayed] in key respects significantly insular , her approach to full european collaboration notably hesitant .

In the end , the Tory majority remained virtually intact .
in the end , the tory majority [stayed] virtually intact .

They suggested perhaps that more remained of the pre-1979 order than Thatcherite zealots had imagined .
they suggested perhaps that more [stayed] of the pre-1979 order than thatcherite zealots had imagined .

Two of its five MPs ( the Scots , Kennedy and Maclennan ) joined the Liberals in the newly named Social and Liberal Democrats , while the other three , headed by Dr David Owen , remained independent .
two of its five mps ( the scots , kennedy and maclennan ) joined the liberals in the newly named social and liberal democrats , while the other three , headed by dr david owen , [stayed] independent .

The mould thus stubbornly remained unbroken .
the mould thus stubbornly [stayed] unbroken .

Surveys of opinion invariably revealed that , while attachment to Britain remained strong , patriotic emotions still flourished , and very few people ever wished to live anywhere but in Britain , estimates of national progress and decline were progressively more gloomy .
surveys of opinion invariably revealed that , while attachment to britain [stayed] strong , patriotic emotions still flourished , and very few people ever wished to live anywhere but in britain , estimates of national progress and decline were progressively more gloomy .

Britain was and remained a notably unequal country in terms of income , capital , and social opportunity throughout this period .
britain was and [stayed] a notably unequal country in terms of income , capital , and social opportunity throughout this period .

The Commonwealth remained in large measure a ceremonial affair after 1960 , with a role for the Queen as figurehead , with cricket matches and Rhodes scholarships to preserve links with the older dominions , and little effectual attempt to exert collective pressure on the apartheid policy within South Africa .
the commonwealth [stayed] in large measure a ceremonial affair after 1960 , with a role for the queen as figurehead , with cricket matches and rhodes scholarships to preserve links with the older dominions , and little effectual attempt to exert collective pressure on the apartheid policy within south africa .

But the nature of that identity , the ultimate sources of British national awareness , remained obscure .
but the nature of that identity , the ultimate sources of british national awareness , [stayed] obscure .

They had survived the trials of imperial retreat , economic decline , and industrial conflict , and remained cohesive and intact .
they had survived the trials of imperial retreat , economic decline , and industrial conflict , and [stayed] cohesive and intact .

There remained an inherent lack of energy , initiative , and perhaps ambition , a kind of public exhaustion .
there [stayed] an inherent lack of energy , initiative , and perhaps ambition , a kind of public exhaustion .

The Hydro-Stop leather , designed to improve breathability , was very effective — my feet remained dry and not too hot despite serious drenchings .
the hydro-stop leather , designed to improve breathability , was very effective — my feet [stayed] dry and not too hot despite serious drenchings .

Alderman Wardley of Sheffield Wednesday remained a director until he was over ninety .
alderman wardley of sheffield wednesday [stayed] a director until he was over ninety .

In the 1940s and early 1950s football remained the ruling passion of working men without cars and televisions , whose world still revolved around the communal life of the works , the pub , and the match .
in the 1940s and early 1950s football [stayed] the ruling passion of working men without cars and televisions , whose world still revolved around the communal life of the works , the pub , and the match .

The ‘ pro ’ remained a servant of the club in a little ‘ shop ’ on the fringes of the premises .
the ‘ pro ’ [stayed] a servant of the club in a little ‘ shop ’ on the fringes of the premises .

This responsiveness of the specialist press to popular tastes remained extremely important throughout the nineteenth century as modern organized sports came into being .
this responsiveness of the specialist press to popular tastes [stayed] extremely important throughout the nineteenth century as modern organized sports came into being .

The educated amateur , whose organizational influence remained so strong , rarely listened to journalists .
the educated amateur , whose organizational influence [stayed] so strong , rarely listened to journalists .

Prize-fighting remained popular , though technically illegal , until the 1880s .
prize-fighting [stayed] popular , though technically illegal , until the 1880s .

Horse-racing , a sport that had largely remained in the hands of the aristocracy and which was the object of criticism from bourgeois ideologues and socialists alike , grew rapidly in popularity .
horse-racing , a sport that had largely [stayed] in the hands of the aristocracy and which was the object of criticism from bourgeois ideologues and socialists alike , grew rapidly in popularity .

The touching up had been well managed but elsewhere there remained a few patches of exposed metal requiring attention — just above the bumper on the front offside wing , inside the wheelarch of the same wing and around the radiator duct .
the touching up had been well managed but elsewhere there [stayed] a few patches of exposed metal requiring attention — just above the bumper on the front offside wing , inside the wheelarch of the same wing and around the radiator duct .

It remained now only to encourage Charlie to talk , and here there was no difficulty .
it [stayed] now only to encourage charlie to talk , and here there was no difficulty .

Eliot 's work was never performed by puppets , but Cornford 's influence remained central , and a 1933 letter shows that other ideas expressed in ‘ The Beating of a Drum ’ played their part in Eliot 's concept of his play .
eliot 's work was never performed by puppets , but cornford 's influence [stayed] central , and a 1933 letter shows that other ideas expressed in ‘ the beating of a drum ’ played their part in eliot 's concept of his play .

Yet if Eliot continued to remember his anthropological reading , this does not mean that his view of it remained unchanged .
yet if eliot continued to remember his anthropological reading , this does not mean that his view of it [stayed] unchanged .

Yet , as one of his prose pieces of the period reveals , the desert remained for him not only a place of death , but also a place of Christian triumph .
yet , as one of his prose pieces of the period reveals , the desert [stayed] for him not only a place of death , but also a place of christian triumph .

Treasury concern about the financial consequences of the long-term impact of the steady rise in welfare expenditure and a slow rate of economic growth remained .
treasury concern about the financial consequences of the long-term impact of the steady rise in welfare expenditure and a slow rate of economic growth [stayed] .

Most of the ‘ Shadows ’ remained in post for the four years of opposition .
most of the ‘ shadows ’ [stayed] in post for the four years of opposition .

Nicholas Edwards at the Welsh Office , George Younger at the Scottish Office , and Mrs Thatcher herself had remained in the same posts since May 1979 .
nicholas edwards at the welsh office , george younger at the scottish office , and mrs thatcher herself had [stayed] in the same posts since may 1979 .

With Lord Hailsham 's retirement as Lord Chancellor in 1988 , Mrs Thatcher alone had remained in the same post and only Peter Walker , George Younger , and Sir Geoffrey Howe had been in the Cabinet continuously .
with lord hailsham 's retirement as lord chancellor in 1988 , mrs thatcher alone had [stayed] in the same post and only peter walker , george younger , and sir geoffrey howe had been in the cabinet continuously .

Mr Heath , though lacking political influence , has remained a powerful defender of his own government 's record — which Mrs Thatcher and some colleagues scorned .
mr heath , though lacking political influence , has [stayed] a powerful defender of his own government 's record — which mrs thatcher and some colleagues scorned .

Mrs Thatcher , however , has remained a mobilizer ; she clearly regards herself as Heath plus , providing greater political will and persistence .
mrs thatcher , however , has [stayed] a mobilizer ; she clearly regards herself as heath plus , providing greater political will and persistence .

By 1979 , however , the survey found that there had been a major shift in support for privatization and public opinion remained in favour of further privatization in 1983 , and probably reflected a positive response to the Thatcher policies .
by 1979 , however , the survey found that there had been a major shift in support for privatization and public opinion [stayed] in favour of further privatization in 1983 , and probably reflected a positive response to the thatcher policies .

In Sweden , however , approval for the welfare and economic interventionist aspects of collectivism has remained high .
in sweden , however , approval for the welfare and economic interventionist aspects of collectivism has [stayed] high .

Lawrence remained too preoccupied with what in his adjusted mind he projected , disavowed , or consciously repudiated ; homosexuality especially remained too fascinating for either his strenuous vision of psychic adjustment or his banal view of sexual difference as unity in opposition to remain unharassed by it .
lawrence [stayed] too preoccupied with what in his adjusted mind he projected , disavowed , or consciously repudiated ; homosexuality especially [stayed] too fascinating for either his strenuous vision of psychic adjustment or his banal view of sexual difference as unity in opposition to remain unharassed by it .

Lawrence also remained fascinated by anality , and in Women in Love ( ch. 23 , ‘ Excurse ’ ) there is that celebration of the potency of heterosexual anal intercourse where desire would , at the very least , seem to confuse his distinction between anality and sexuality proper :
lawrence also [stayed] fascinated by anality , and in women in love ( ch. 23 , ‘ excurse ’ ) there is that celebration of the potency of heterosexual anal intercourse where desire would , at the very least , seem to confuse his distinction between anality and sexuality proper :

So whereas the deviance of Mary Frith remained in certain respects implacably immoral and antisocial , in the figure of Moll Cutpurse that deviance is harnessed as the moral conscience of the selfsame society whose gender categories she transgresses .
so whereas the deviance of mary frith [stayed] in certain respects implacably immoral and antisocial , in the figure of moll cutpurse that deviance is harnessed as the moral conscience of the selfsame society whose gender categories she transgresses .

On the other hand , when television coverage of unemployment almost ceased in the third week , public demand for political debate on the issue also dropped slightly , from 66 per cent to 56 per cent , and it remained at this new lower level thereafter .
on the other hand , when television coverage of unemployment almost ceased in the third week , public demand for political debate on the issue also dropped slightly , from 66 per cent to 56 per cent , and it [stayed] at this new lower level thereafter .

Overall , there remained a roughly constant difference between the interested and the uninterested .
overall , there [stayed] a roughly constant difference between the interested and the uninterested .

None the less there remained deep personal prejudices that affected perceptions of both .
none the less there [stayed] deep personal prejudices that affected perceptions of both .

Perceptions of Labour chances remained more predictable , though they also became rather more homogeneous as the campaign came to an end .
perceptions of labour chances [stayed] more predictable , though they also became rather more homogeneous as the campaign came to an end .

Only their own personal prejudices remained to influence their perceptions in one direction or another ( Table 7.12 ) .
only their own personal prejudices [stayed] to influence their perceptions in one direction or another ( table 7.12 ) .

On balance the electorate was , and remained , strongly optimistic about the future for Britain and their family , strongly optimistic about Britain 's performance in the past year , and optimistic ( but much less so ) about their own family 's circumstances over the past year .
on balance the electorate was , and [stayed] , strongly optimistic about the future for britain and their family , strongly optimistic about britain 's performance in the past year , and optimistic ( but much less so ) about their own family 's circumstances over the past year .

Perceptions of Labour chances remained more predictable , though they too became rather more homogeneous as the campaign came to an end .
perceptions of labour chances [stayed] more predictable , though they too became rather more homogeneous as the campaign came to an end .

Only their own personal prejudices remained to influence their perceptions in one direction or another .
only their own personal prejudices [stayed] to influence their perceptions in one direction or another .

Press influence increased towards the end of the campaign but it remained small compared to the influence of partisanship .
press influence increased towards the end of the campaign but it [stayed] small compared to the influence of partisanship .

By contrast , radio and television broadcasting began and remained a monopoly or near monopoly , subject to government licensing and control , until the 1980s .
by contrast , radio and television broadcasting began and [stayed] a monopoly or near monopoly , subject to government licensing and control , until the 1980s .

That remained much more a function of the press .
that [stayed] much more a function of the press .

The introduction of the Asiatic mode of production in Formen shows well that Marx remained flexible throughout his work when he came across new information .
the introduction of the asiatic mode of production in formen shows well that marx [stayed] flexible throughout his work when he came across new information .

At first the pairing family co-existed fairly easily with the gens , because it was not a formal organized institution as was the gens , and so the implications of the gens for such things as property and politics remained unchallenged .
at first the pairing family co-existed fairly easily with the gens , because it was not a formal organized institution as was the gens , and so the implications of the gens for such things as property and politics [stayed] unchallenged .

Power-sharing and Christian domination remained .
power-sharing and christian domination [stayed] .

But she added that prosecution and imprisonment by a criminal court did not serve the interests of the family as a whole , or of the child who remained part of it , or how victims would deal with contact with the abuser after release .
but she added that prosecution and imprisonment by a criminal court did not serve the interests of the family as a whole , or of the child who [stayed] part of it , or how victims would deal with contact with the abuser after release .

Stock market sources said that the Hoare Govett buying dried up after about 60 million Ferranti shares had been traded , at which point Smith New Court stepped in and remained an aggressive buyer at 56p until the close .
stock market sources said that the hoare govett buying dried up after about 60 million ferranti shares had been traded , at which point smith new court stepped in and [stayed] an aggressive buyer at 56p until the close .

Orders from other market segments remained firm with demand patterns clear for more than two years , he said .
orders from other market segments [stayed] firm with demand patterns clear for more than two years , he said .

The results were achieved against a background of differing regional markets with margins in East Anglia and the South deteriorating while conditions in the North-west remained buoyant .
the results were achieved against a background of differing regional markets with margins in east anglia and the south deteriorating while conditions in the north-west [stayed] buoyant .

Eurotunnel remained depressed on the costs over run .
eurotunnel [stayed] depressed on the costs over run .

Grand Metropolitan remained impressed by the thought that it could be Sir James Goldsmith 's next target , The shares rose 6p to 604p .
grand metropolitan [stayed] impressed by the thought that it could be sir james goldsmith 's next target , the shares rose 6p to 604p .

Milan : The market edged up following several days of losses , but the underlying tone remained weak .
milan : the market edged up following several days of losses , but the underlying tone [stayed] weak .

What remained of Belfast 's mudflats seemed certain to be diminished by unrestricted dumping .
what [stayed] of belfast 's mudflats seemed certain to be diminished by unrestricted dumping .

As the hated capitalist rival , West Germany quickly took off with its economic miracle , for a long time East Germany remained poor , grim and repressive as the regime struggled to get a communist system working .
as the hated capitalist rival , west germany quickly took off with its economic miracle , for a long time east germany [stayed] poor , grim and repressive as the regime struggled to get a communist system working .

The hovering presence of Ford and General Motors remained the most significant influence .
the hovering presence of ford and general motors [stayed] the most significant influence .

Share prices that had remained nervously stable during the morning fell dramatically once interest rates began to rise .
share prices that had [stayed] nervously stable during the morning fell dramatically once interest rates began to rise .

Knighton remained ummoved as the money rolled out , Ferguson paying more than £4m for Gary Pallister , Paul Ince and Danny Wallace .
knighton [stayed] ummoved as the money rolled out , ferguson paying more than £4m for gary pallister , paul ince and danny wallace .

Biggs rolled over on to his back and remained motionless for more than two minutes after referee Larry O'Connell had completed the count .
biggs rolled over on to his back and [stayed] motionless for more than two minutes after referee larry o'connell had completed the count .

The most obvious manifestation of this came when he remained almost immobile in the centre of the ring while Biggs picked him off with jabs from long range .
the most obvious manifestation of this came when he [stayed] almost immobile in the centre of the ring while biggs picked him off with jabs from long range .

Cherney said ( in the only programme-note ) that he had been inspired by Golani 's bearing as well as her playing , and although the density of events was not high , the sense of concentration and unity between music and performer was total as the wilder elements were gradually exorcised and a numb calm remained .
cherney said ( in the only programme-note ) that he had been inspired by golani 's bearing as well as her playing , and although the density of events was not high , the sense of concentration and unity between music and performer was total as the wilder elements were gradually exorcised and a numb calm [stayed] .

At most they would have remained as caretakers of the museum pieces of the past , reminding the young in this brave new , smug , boring , consensual world of the bad old days when people felt deeply about big issues and the future was uncertain .
at most they would have [stayed] as caretakers of the museum pieces of the past , reminding the young in this brave new , smug , boring , consensual world of the bad old days when people felt deeply about big issues and the future was uncertain .

Many of these children are prepared and placed for adoption with strangers , and part of the package is that they will no longer see or be in contact with relatives who have remained in touch during their stay in care .
many of these children are prepared and placed for adoption with strangers , and part of the package is that they will no longer see or be in contact with relatives who have [stayed] in touch during their stay in care .

Despite the fact that relief trailers were provided for the homeless they remained empty due to the lack of available land on which to site them , yet the government refused to take over corporate land even for humanitarian purposes .
despite the fact that relief trailers were provided for the homeless they [stayed] empty due to the lack of available land on which to site them , yet the government refused to take over corporate land even for humanitarian purposes .

Fatalities in the chemical industry have remained fairly steady during the 1980s and have been higher or at least feel with those in manufacturing as a whole .
fatalities in the chemical industry have [stayed] fairly steady during the 1980s and have been higher or at least feel with those in manufacturing as a whole .

Nonetheless , the quantum chemists have remained patient and undaunted .
nonetheless , the quantum chemists have [stayed] patient and undaunted .

Student numbers within the District as a whole remained remarkably steady through the middle years of the decade : totals of 5,241 in 1953–54 , 5,433 in 1954–55 , 5,295 in 1955–56 , 5,298 in 1956- 57 ( the first year of higher fees ) and 5,539 in 1957–58 .
student numbers within the district as a whole [stayed] remarkably steady through the middle years of the decade : totals of 5,241 in 1953–54 , 5,433 in 1954–55 , 5,295 in 1955–56 , 5,298 in 1956- 57 ( the first year of higher fees ) and 5,539 in 1957–58 .

Branch membership also remained steady , following a period of decline since the immediate post-war years .
branch membership also [stayed] steady , following a period of decline since the immediate post-war years .

During the ensuing negotiations , these proposals were firmly rejected by the Episcopalians who submitted no proposals of their own and remained inflexible in their position .
during the ensuing negotiations , these proposals were firmly rejected by the episcopalians who submitted no proposals of their own and [stayed] inflexible in their position .

During the plague , the rich people and most of the ministers who had remained in the established church fled from London .
during the plague , the rich people and most of the ministers who had [stayed] in the established church fled from london .

While white society engulfed the Christian Nez Perce , the 200 or so people of Joseph 's Wellamotkin band remained aloof in the Wallowa valley .
while white society engulfed the christian nez perce , the 200 or so people of joseph 's wellamotkin band [stayed] aloof in the wallowa valley .

Although over 500 settlers occupied the Grande Ronde valley , the Wallowa remained free from invasion until surveyors , those harbingers of doom among the Indians , arrived in 1866 .
although over 500 settlers occupied the grande ronde valley , the wallowa [stayed] free from invasion until surveyors , those harbingers of doom among the indians , arrived in 1866 .

’ Despite Wood 's assurances that Findley and McNall would be tried , they remained at large in the valley .
’ despite wood 's assurances that findley and mcnall would be tried , they [stayed] at large in the valley .

The one-armed general remained insistent though , supporting Monteith 's opinion that if Joseph be ‘ allowed to have his own way at this time , it will only make him more stubborn in the future ’ .
the one-armed general [stayed] insistent though , supporting monteith 's opinion that if joseph be ‘ allowed to have his own way at this time , it will only make him more stubborn in the future ’ .

He urged them to stay , in the forlorn hope of restoring peace ; but soon only his own followers ' lodges remained .
he urged them to stay , in the forlorn hope of restoring peace ; but soon only his own followers ' lodges [stayed] .

The Wallowa headman remained at Tepahlewam through the night , and in this time of killing , his wife gave birth to their second daughter .
the wallowa headman [stayed] at tepahlewam through the night , and in this time of killing , his wife gave birth to their second daughter .

Looking Glass remained at peace , having returned to his village at Kooskia .
looking glass [stayed] at peace , having returned to his village at kooskia .

Thirty warriors remained behind as scouts .
thirty warriors [stayed] behind as scouts .

Since scouts had reported no signs of Howard 's anticipated arrival from the south-west , the Nez Perce remained contentedly on the Clearwater .
since scouts had reported no signs of howard 's anticipated arrival from the south-west , the nez perce [stayed] contentedly on the clearwater .

Edward , his half-brother , succeeded , aged about 38 years , and he remained as King for twenty-four years , during which time his endeavours towards sainthood earned him the title of The Confessor .
edward , his half-brother , succeeded , aged about 38 years , and he [stayed] as king for twenty-four years , during which time his endeavours towards sainthood earned him the title of the confessor .

In October 1537 , a son was born but Jane died in the confinement Henry remained without a wife until January 1540 , when he married Anne of Cleves , a German princess , but that marriage was dissolved without being consummated , so on 28th .
in october 1537 , a son was born but jane died in the confinement henry [stayed] without a wife until january 1540 , when he married anne of cleves , a german princess , but that marriage was dissolved without being consummated , so on 28th .

John Sich founded the ‘ Lamb Brewery ’ , in 1773 , just off Church Street , Chiswick , and it remained in the same family until 1923 .
john sich founded the ‘ lamb brewery ’ , in 1773 , just off church street , chiswick , and it [stayed] in the same family until 1923 .

Benjamin Disraeli became Prime Minister of the British Parliament in 1874 and remained in that office until 1880 It was during his administration that Britain purchased a major holding of the shares of the Suez Canal Company
benjamin disraeli became prime minister of the british parliament in 1874 and [stayed] in that office until 1880 it was during his administration that britain purchased a major holding of the shares of the suez canal company

That same year , the London Omnibus Company introduced their first bus with a roof over the seats on the upper deck , but the tyres on the wheels remained ‘ solid ’ , although pneumatic tyres were introduced on new single-decker buses .
that same year , the london omnibus company introduced their first bus with a roof over the seats on the upper deck , but the tyres on the wheels [stayed] ‘ solid ’ , although pneumatic tyres were introduced on new single-decker buses .

When Neville Chamberlain became Prime Minister , in 1937 , he had as the Foreign Secretary , Anthony Eden , a very able minister of considerable repute , which fact probably accounted for the fact that he remained as Foreign Secretary despite the clear differences of opinion that became apparent between them .
when neville chamberlain became prime minister , in 1937 , he had as the foreign secretary , anthony eden , a very able minister of considerable repute , which fact probably accounted for the fact that he [stayed] as foreign secretary despite the clear differences of opinion that became apparent between them .

Glasgow was for long suspicious of ‘ the electricity ’ , and St Enoch 's Station and the General Post Office remained the sole public buildings lit by the new method until the 1890s .
glasgow was for long suspicious of ‘ the electricity ’ , and st enoch 's station and the general post office [stayed] the sole public buildings lit by the new method until the 1890s .

It was the punters who remained in the stand that ‘ persuaded ’ the invaders to get off the field , by the simple expedient of throwing bottles and pies at them , beer-cans not yet having been invented .
it was the punters who [stayed] in the stand that ‘ persuaded ’ the invaders to get off the field , by the simple expedient of throwing bottles and pies at them , beer-cans not yet having been invented .

Sometimes bungalow-land and the world of the tenements met , however , and Scotland remained a body politic with democracy as its core and Glasgow its heart .
sometimes bungalow-land and the world of the tenements met , however , and scotland [stayed] a body politic with democracy as its core and glasgow its heart .

Mr Jim Wallace , Liberal Democrat spokesman , said the upward trend of unemployment remained ‘ appalling ’ .
mr jim wallace , liberal democrat spokesman , said the upward trend of unemployment [stayed] ‘ appalling ’ .

As well as more Jobcentre vacancies , the number of people leaving the count between February and March remained steady at 355,600 .
as well as more jobcentre vacancies , the number of people leaving the count between february and march [stayed] steady at 355,600 .

The growth in average earnings over the 12 months to February remained constant at a 12-year low of 7.25 per cent , but Mrs Shephard said the rise in manufacturing unit wage costs was at its lowest level since 1989 .
the growth in average earnings over the 12 months to february [stayed] constant at a 12-year low of 7.25 per cent , but mrs shephard said the rise in manufacturing unit wage costs was at its lowest level since 1989 .

Col Gaddafi remained silent on the crisis , leaving his number two , Major Abdul Salam Jalloud , to denounce the sanctions in familiar terms as a Western conspiracy against the Islamic world .
col gaddafi [stayed] silent on the crisis , leaving his number two , major abdul salam jalloud , to denounce the sanctions in familiar terms as a western conspiracy against the islamic world .

Until badly fitted with a new hip in his seventies , he remained a tall , slim , naturally commanding figure , with a full head of wavy hair framing a ruddy complexion .
until badly fitted with a new hip in his seventies , he [stayed] a tall , slim , naturally commanding figure , with a full head of wavy hair framing a ruddy complexion .

The nine females who undertook the course remained within the high zone but nevertheless registered a reduction from an average of 39 units to 28 units per week .
the nine females who undertook the course [stayed] within the high zone but nevertheless registered a reduction from an average of 39 units to 28 units per week .

Overall , almost three-quarters of the participants either reduced their intake ( 61 per cent ) or remained at the same level ( 11 per cent ) between the first and the last three weeks of the course .
overall , almost three-quarters of the participants either reduced their intake ( 61 per cent ) or [stayed] at the same level ( 11 per cent ) between the first and the last three weeks of the course .

When deaths from cancer were excluded the difference remained : 22 per cent against 9 per cent .
when deaths from cancer were excluded the difference [stayed] : 22 per cent against 9 per cent .

This paper will consider the issue in the context of community work , in which the elements accentuated by Rothman are of less consequence and client participation has indisputably remained a primary value .
this paper will consider the issue in the context of community work , in which the elements accentuated by rothman are of less consequence and client participation has indisputably [stayed] a primary value .

The latest issue of the Government 's annual Social Trends shows that while the level of rail travel has remained much the same for 30 years , car travel has increased fourfold .
the latest issue of the government 's annual social trends shows that while the level of rail travel has [stayed] much the same for 30 years , car travel has increased fourfold .

Chorianopoulos scored a follow-up goal after 55 minutes and only three minutes remained when Eichel , the German captain , scored a rather fortunate equaliser with a mishit penalty corner .
chorianopoulos scored a follow-up goal after 55 minutes and only three minutes [stayed] when eichel , the german captain , scored a rather fortunate equaliser with a mishit penalty corner .

In terms of visiting and recorded contacts with other agencies , the specialist team displayed a clearer pattern of activities than the other teams : while cases remained open they visited more , and did not ‘ monitor only ’ ; if closed and re-opened , cases came back for re-assessment in fewer numbers ; and in both categories the rate of contacts with other agencies was higher .
in terms of visiting and recorded contacts with other agencies , the specialist team displayed a clearer pattern of activities than the other teams : while cases [stayed] open they visited more , and did not ‘ monitor only ’ ; if closed and re-opened , cases came back for re-assessment in fewer numbers ; and in both categories the rate of contacts with other agencies was higher .

While cases remained open , re-assessment for one of the same group of services took place to a more marked extent in the generic team and by the individual specialist than in the specialist team .
while cases [stayed] open , re-assessment for one of the same group of services took place to a more marked extent in the generic team and by the individual specialist than in the specialist team .

Far from perceiving social work as too adversarial , they insisted that it remained too bland , welfarist and optimistic in its assumptions and operational strategies with potentially abusive parents .
far from perceiving social work as too adversarial , they insisted that it [stayed] too bland , welfarist and optimistic in its assumptions and operational strategies with potentially abusive parents .

‘ Grey cases ’ ( the majority ) where uncertainty remained high as to whether sexual abuse had occurred were characterized by perpetrator denial ; by an absence of medical investigation or medical evidence ; by no police involvement or follow-up and by allegations of touching only .
‘ grey cases ’ ( the majority ) where uncertainty [stayed] high as to whether sexual abuse had occurred were characterized by perpetrator denial ; by an absence of medical investigation or medical evidence ; by no police involvement or follow-up and by allegations of touching only .

Fratter ( 1989 ) adds that ‘ the belief that the welfare of a deprived child was best served by his being prevented from having contact with his family — that their interests were in conflict — remained largely unchallenged ’ ( p. 4 ) .
fratter ( 1989 ) adds that ‘ the belief that the welfare of a deprived child was best served by his being prevented from having contact with his family — that their interests were in conflict — [stayed] largely unchallenged ’ ( p. 4 ) .

Though the second aspect was short-lived , it remained as an ideal concept that inspired future kings and emperors ; and the first has hardly been surpassed by any superior achievement to this day .
though the second aspect was short-lived , it [stayed] as an ideal concept that inspired future kings and emperors ; and the first has hardly been surpassed by any superior achievement to this day .

Thus although his territories were extensive and almost equal to those of his elder brother , the military might and command of the famous Frankish warriors remained mainly with Charles .
thus although his territories were extensive and almost equal to those of his elder brother , the military might and command of the famous frankish warriors [stayed] mainly with charles .

This allocation of power by Pepin was probably based upon his recognition of a feud between Charles and Carloman who , of course , remained unfriendly towards one another after their respective crownings and inheritances .
this allocation of power by pepin was probably based upon his recognition of a feud between charles and carloman who , of course , [stayed] unfriendly towards one another after their respective crownings and inheritances .

This camp was so strong that it remained as a major fortress for the Garonne region for centuries to follow .
this camp was so strong that it [stayed] as a major fortress for the garonne region for centuries to follow .

He then remained in Austrasia for the winter , keeping close to the Saxon border , ready for further insurrection .
he then [stayed] in austrasia for the winter , keeping close to the saxon border , ready for further insurrection .

In the winter of 784 Charles and his army remained in Minden in the middle of Saxony , an unusual move designed to weaken the rebels , who were accustomed to ‘ the great king ’ leaving their land each winter .
in the winter of 784 charles and his army [stayed] in minden in the middle of saxony , an unusual move designed to weaken the rebels , who were accustomed to ‘ the great king ’ leaving their land each winter .

It finally fell two years later as a result of famine , having been surrounded by Frankish earthworks and troops who had remained through the winter months .
it finally fell two years later as a result of famine , having been surrounded by frankish earthworks and troops who had [stayed] through the winter months .

The Dannewerk at the narrowest point of the isthmus of Schleswig , reached from sea to sea , and remained as a strategic position in wars between Danes and Germans until as late as the nineteenth century .
the dannewerk at the narrowest point of the isthmus of schleswig , reached from sea to sea , and [stayed] as a strategic position in wars between danes and germans until as late as the nineteenth century .

There had not been an Augustus or Western Emperor for centuries , but the concept remained , and papal authority tended to repudiate Constantinople , even without a Western Emperor .
there had not been an augustus or western emperor for centuries , but the concept [stayed] , and papal authority tended to repudiate constantinople , even without a western emperor .

Coal consumption has fallen by 16 % while its share of total demand has remained largely static at 34 % .
coal consumption has fallen by 16 % while its share of total demand has [stayed] largely static at 34 % .

Gas demand has remained robust throughout the recession and is likely to continue to grow .
gas demand has [stayed] robust throughout the recession and is likely to continue to grow .

Oil remained easily the main fuel in West Germany at 44 % of demand in 1983 .
oil [stayed] easily the main fuel in west germany at 44 % of demand in 1983 .

But their choices remained either in the storeroom or in the window because her father had made it a rule that the window was n't to be cleared until the day before Christmas Eve .
but their choices [stayed] either in the storeroom or in the window because her father had made it a rule that the window was n't to be cleared until the day before christmas eve .

Reginald remained in the middle of the room staring at the closed door for a moment ; then , his head making small jerks , he turned towards the fire and , leaning his elbow along the mantelshelf , he looked down into the dying embers .
reginald [stayed] in the middle of the room staring at the closed door for a moment ; then , his head making small jerks , he turned towards the fire and , leaning his elbow along the mantelshelf , he looked down into the dying embers .

It will be seen that the dollar value of exports more than doubled between 1977 and 1981 , but remained fairly stable thereafter , at least until 1986 .
it will be seen that the dollar value of exports more than doubled between 1977 and 1981 , but [stayed] fairly stable thereafter , at least until 1986 .

Gedge remained in Leeds and visited home infrequently , no doubt to avoid the inevitable arguments .
gedge [stayed] in leeds and visited home infrequently , no doubt to avoid the inevitable arguments .

They booked time in several prestigious London studios and enlisted the help of producer Chris Allison , with whom they had first worked six months previously on ‘ My Favourite Dress ’ , but the recording began on a sour note and remained agitated throughout .
they booked time in several prestigious london studios and enlisted the help of producer chris allison , with whom they had first worked six months previously on ‘ my favourite dress ’ , but the recording began on a sour note and [stayed] agitated throughout .

The Pittsburgh Pirates were leading Detroit 4–3 in the 1909 Baseball World Series and only minutes remained in the game .
the pittsburgh pirates were leading detroit 4–3 in the 1909 baseball world series and only minutes [stayed] in the game .

So Maria remained at home , or rather at whatever lodgings Noreen found in the town they were playing .
so maria [stayed] at home , or rather at whatever lodgings noreen found in the town they were playing .

Only the priests remained , and the Colonel and the Factor and none of them could really be asked .
only the priests [stayed] , and the colonel and the factor and none of them could really be asked .

However influential , this feminist appropriation of some Hollywood women 's films has remained an area of controversy .
however influential , this feminist appropriation of some hollywood women 's films has [stayed] an area of controversy .

The women do speak of the difficulties in reconciling a class-based politics and feminism , but even after several decades most of the women have remained loyal to the goals of the Communist Party .
the women do speak of the difficulties in reconciling a class-based politics and feminism , but even after several decades most of the women have [stayed] loyal to the goals of the communist party .

Somehow , though , Evert remained razor sharp throughout the 78-minute examination , and for good reason .
somehow , though , evert [stayed] razor sharp throughout the 78-minute examination , and for good reason .

In the title role , Anne Dawson remained passive until error and madness set in near the end ; then she sang with increased energy , and spun her lines with great beauty .
in the title role , anne dawson [stayed] passive until error and madness set in near the end ; then she sang with increased energy , and spun her lines with great beauty .

East Berlin remained virtually sealed off for the fourth successive day yesterday , but in Poland a further 300 East Germans took refuge with the West German embassy in Warsaw .
east berlin [stayed] virtually sealed off for the fourth successive day yesterday , but in poland a further 300 east germans took refuge with the west german embassy in warsaw .

Lydia Lopokova ( 1891-1981 ) studied ballet at the Imperial Ballet School in St Petersburg , joined the Diaghilev Company in 1910 and remained with it until it was disbanded in 1929 .
lydia lopokova ( 1891-1981 ) studied ballet at the imperial ballet school in st petersburg , joined the diaghilev company in 1910 and [stayed] with it until it was disbanded in 1929 .

In 1953 he became Assistant Professor and in 1957 Professor of Library Science at Simmons College in Boston , where he remained until 1965 .
in 1953 he became assistant professor and in 1957 professor of library science at simmons college in boston , where he [stayed] until 1965 .

Real , less cavalier than under Leo Beenhakker , tried to consolidate and break ; but the offside flag abused them and the initiative remained with Barcelona , who went ahead after Eusebio was judged to have been tripped inside the area .
real , less cavalier than under leo beenhakker , tried to consolidate and break ; but the offside flag abused them and the initiative [stayed] with barcelona , who went ahead after eusebio was judged to have been tripped inside the area .

With both sides lacking penetration at 10 penalty corners , the deadlock remained unbroken in spite of the presence of two of the game 's outstanding centre-halves , Australia 's Warren Birmingham and England 's Jon Potter .
with both sides lacking penetration at 10 penalty corners , the deadlock [stayed] unbroken in spite of the presence of two of the game 's outstanding centre-halves , australia 's warren birmingham and england 's jon potter .

He told a press briefing that the issue remained under review , and emphasised that he hoped the legislation on unofficial strikes would help to prevent disruption of essential services .
he told a press briefing that the issue [stayed] under review , and emphasised that he hoped the legislation on unofficial strikes would help to prevent disruption of essential services .

At yesterday 's appeal hearing in Brno , a colleague of Mr Devaty , Jana Petrova , handed the judge a statement on his behalf which said that Mr Devaty did not regard his trial as just and would pursue his activities underground while the risk of punishment remained .
at yesterday 's appeal hearing in brno , a colleague of mr devaty , jana petrova , handed the judge a statement on his behalf which said that mr devaty did not regard his trial as just and would pursue his activities underground while the risk of punishment [stayed] .

Moreover it is not true that ‘ the balance of payments remained healthy ’ .
moreover it is not true that ‘ the balance of payments [stayed] healthy ’ .

Presumably he has remained at the back to supervise the operation .
presumably he has [stayed] at the back to supervise the operation .

In the other he remained in full control of events and in full possession of his rightful authority .
in the other he [stayed] in full control of events and in full possession of his rightful authority .

His finding was that the capacity to experience it was much more highly developed in wives who had indulged in intercourse before marriage than in those who had remained chaste — in short there was much to be said against chastity .
his finding was that the capacity to experience it was much more highly developed in wives who had indulged in intercourse before marriage than in those who had [stayed] chaste — in short there was much to be said against chastity .

For all his-lofty declarations of the Christian mission to liberate the enslaved subjects of Communism , when they pleaded for liberation he remained deaf , if it meant risking war .
for all his-lofty declarations of the christian mission to liberate the enslaved subjects of communism , when they pleaded for liberation he [stayed] deaf , if it meant risking war .

One thing she never mentioned , and it remained a mystery to me .
one thing she never mentioned , and it [stayed] a mystery to me .

Income on livestock farms remained stable while combined beef and dairy units saw revenue fall by 4 % .
income on livestock farms [stayed] stable while combined beef and dairy units saw revenue fall by 4 % .

Though the death toll appears to have remained static , it is , in fact , rising .
though the death toll appears to have [stayed] static , it is , in fact , rising .

‘ Well , why did n't you want me to touch the skull ? ’ Already Mungo was out of breath , while Jos 's swing remained effortless .
‘ well , why did n't you want me to touch the skull ? ’ already mungo was out of breath , while jos 's swing [stayed] effortless .

Fortunately the glass remained intact .
fortunately the glass [stayed] intact .

Gina remained in blissful ignorance , while Anthony reduced his father to a state of helpless laughter every lunch time by demanding egg-and-cress sandwiches .
gina [stayed] in blissful ignorance , while anthony reduced his father to a state of helpless laughter every lunch time by demanding egg-and-cress sandwiches .

His determination to ensure his private life remained private kept him hidden off screen .
his determination to ensure his private life [stayed] private kept him hidden off screen .

In the case of the working class — possibly more than the middle class — the unemployment of families and the depressed economic conditions that prevailed during the inter-war years encouraged the reduction of family size , even though there were still many areas where the birth rate remained high or increased , almost oblivious of the economic conditions .
in the case of the working class — possibly more than the middle class — the unemployment of families and the depressed economic conditions that prevailed during the inter-war years encouraged the reduction of family size , even though there were still many areas where the birth rate [stayed] high or increased , almost oblivious of the economic conditions .

On the one hand , trade unionists were increasingly confident that the period of post-war wage reductions was about to be halted , even if a battle remained to be fought .
on the one hand , trade unionists were increasingly confident that the period of post-war wage reductions was about to be halted , even if a battle [stayed] to be fought .

On the other hand , there remained the conviction of many employers and Baldwin 's Conservative government that wages would have to be reduced in order to maintain profits and to fight international competition .
on the other hand , there [stayed] the conviction of many employers and baldwin 's conservative government that wages would have to be reduced in order to maintain profits and to fight international competition .

The government had divided the country into twelve divisions , circulated Circular 636 in November indicating the responsibilities of local authorities , passed a Preservation of Public Order Act and received from the Home Secretary , in February 1926 , the statement that ‘ little remained to be done before the actual occurrence of an emergency .
the government had divided the country into twelve divisions , circulated circular 636 in november indicating the responsibilities of local authorities , passed a preservation of public order act and received from the home secretary , in february 1926 , the statement that ‘ little [stayed] to be done before the actual occurrence of an emergency .

The last comment was obviously wrong , although there remained a rather threadbare conviction that something had been achieved .
the last comment was obviously wrong , although there [stayed] a rather threadbare conviction that something had been achieved .

This meant that wages fell sharply in the coal exporting districts of South Wales and the North East but remained the same in the new and expanding south Yorkshire coalfield , where new and deeper mines were producing high quality coal for the home market .
this meant that wages fell sharply in the coal exporting districts of south wales and the north east but [stayed] the same in the new and expanding south yorkshire coalfield , where new and deeper mines were producing high quality coal for the home market .

There was a similar gradual change in the distribution of wealth , but , as Orwell suggested , the inequalities of wealth remained gross .
there was a similar gradual change in the distribution of wealth , but , as orwell suggested , the inequalities of wealth [stayed] gross .

Yet , although there remained gross , indeed obscene , inequality in the distribution of wealth , substantial social changes were occurring .
yet , although there [stayed] gross , indeed obscene , inequality in the distribution of wealth , substantial social changes were occurring .

Although much remained unaltered , there is no denying that some significant changes were occurring .
although much [stayed] unaltered , there is no denying that some significant changes were occurring .

Although , as suggested earlier , their standard of living was higher it had been before 1914 their social position and status remained unchanged .
although , as suggested earlier , their standard of living was higher it had been before 1914 their social position and status [stayed] unchanged .

It is true that some of these poorer working class families were moved into council houses but , as Orwell , M'Gonigle and others have noted , the high rents and rates tended to reduce their living standards and death rates remained high because of lack of income .
it is true that some of these poorer working class families were moved into council houses but , as orwell , m'gonigle and others have noted , the high rents and rates tended to reduce their living standards and death rates [stayed] high because of lack of income .

What distinguished Labour from the Conservatives was the prospect that an overall parliamentary majority would signify the end of capitalism and the beginning of socialism — even if the commitment to the gold standard , free trade and balanced budgets remained .
what distinguished labour from the conservatives was the prospect that an overall parliamentary majority would signify the end of capitalism and the beginning of socialism — even if the commitment to the gold standard , free trade and balanced budgets [stayed] .

After the Olympia meeting of 1934 , which saw the clash between the communists and the fascists , there was little interest in the movement and , as Stuart Rawnsley suggests , it was only a small hard-core of supporters who remained .
after the olympia meeting of 1934 , which saw the clash between the communists and the fascists , there was little interest in the movement and , as stuart rawnsley suggests , it was only a small hard-core of supporters who [stayed] .

Unemployment thus remained at well over one million ; more than 10 per cent of the workforce .
unemployment thus [stayed] at well over one million ; more than 10 per cent of the workforce .

The party was evidently re-united , although deep divisions remained , and ostensibly offering the economic message of free trade which the nation still wished to hear .
the party was evidently re-united , although deep divisions [stayed] , and ostensibly offering the economic message of free trade which the nation still wished to hear .

This meant that most Liberals remained resolutely opposed to the idea that the Liberal Party had to change its policies to fit the new problems facing society .
this meant that most liberals [stayed] resolutely opposed to the idea that the liberal party had to change its policies to fit the new problems facing society .

But whereas he had come to the conclusion by the beginning of 1936 that Mussolini was probably not the man to play this game , he remained cautiously optimistic that Hitler might be .
but whereas he had come to the conclusion by the beginning of 1936 that mussolini was probably not the man to play this game , he [stayed] cautiously optimistic that hitler might be .

Something of the secret terror of that period in the Civil War remained .
something of the secret terror of that period in the civil war [stayed] .

And even after Dana had left , there was something of him that remained in Bath , as we were to find out .
and even after dana had left , there was something of him that [stayed] in bath , as we were to find out .

Ever since Charity arrived in her flat , Clarissa had not only remained shy , but puzzled .
ever since charity arrived in her flat , clarissa had not only [stayed] shy , but puzzled .

The dividing wall was placed so a well established laburnum remained in one corner of their garden .
the dividing wall was placed so a well established laburnum [stayed] in one corner of their garden .

Mirabilis jalapa was very highly prized and remained popular until the eighteenth century .
mirabilis jalapa was very highly prized and [stayed] popular until the eighteenth century .

Like a cruel joke , someone had tidily piled the crushed and empty drink cans in one comer : not a single full one remained .
like a cruel joke , someone had tidily piled the crushed and empty drink cans in one comer : not a single full one [stayed] .

Nothing remained that had not been ripped , smashed or kicked in .
nothing [stayed] that had not been ripped , smashed or kicked in .

One scene from the film had remained in her mind : it had seemed to Marie to be more or less her own experience of life .
one scene from the film had [stayed] in her mind : it had seemed to marie to be more or less her own experience of life .

He had remained in the tree for a long time , cramped and a little nervous , yet totally fascinated .
he had [stayed] in the tree for a long time , cramped and a little nervous , yet totally fascinated .

Frankie remained crouched on the landing until the man in the kitchen pushed his plate aside and wiped the back of his hand across his mouth .
frankie [stayed] crouched on the landing until the man in the kitchen pushed his plate aside and wiped the back of his hand across his mouth .

All that remained of the laughter of that morning was the cardboard box filled with dead peonies and shoved against the wall in the corner by the sink .
all that [stayed] of the laughter of that morning was the cardboard box filled with dead peonies and shoved against the wall in the corner by the sink .

When no trace of hair remained visible , he applied strips of newspaper and a warmed towel to complete the process .
when no trace of hair [stayed] visible , he applied strips of newspaper and a warmed towel to complete the process .

He knew he was safe so long as he remained in the kitchen .
he knew he was safe so long as he [stayed] in the kitchen .

What remained of her hair had been clipped and plastered close to her head in a most unflattering style .
what [stayed] of her hair had been clipped and plastered close to her head in a most unflattering style .

Soft white clouds remained motionless against an azure blue sky .
soft white clouds [stayed] motionless against an azure blue sky .

He had stood there with left arm aloft and right arm horizontal and remained in that statuesque position for some thirty seconds .
he had stood there with left arm aloft and right arm horizontal and [stayed] in that statuesque position for some thirty seconds .

Throughout , Georgina remained calm and expressionless .
throughout , georgina [stayed] calm and expressionless .

None of the four phones would ring if he remained at the desk all day .
none of the four phones would ring if he [stayed] at the desk all day .

Those members of the working-class who rejected or had sunk below the influence of the class above them , remained largely illiterate and inarticulate .
those members of the working-class who rejected or had sunk below the influence of the class above them , [stayed] largely illiterate and inarticulate .

Moreover , until the end of the century infant mortality remained at the deplorably high rate of 150 deaths per 1,000 live births .
moreover , until the end of the century infant mortality [stayed] at the deplorably high rate of 150 deaths per 1,000 live births .

Even so , dark areas remained .
even so , dark areas [stayed] .

Although women were living longer than men on average , there remained throughout the century an ‘ accident blackspot ’ for women who bore children .
although women were living longer than men on average , there [stayed] throughout the century an ‘ accident blackspot ’ for women who bore children .

This might seem inconsistent with the fact that women were living longer , were it not that longer life brought no immediate improvement in their prospects ; it remained a man 's world .
this might seem inconsistent with the fact that women were living longer , were it not that longer life brought no immediate improvement in their prospects ; it [stayed] a man 's world .

There remained one category of great natural calamities that , because of its scale and random impact , still seemed to be the work of a wrathful deity .
there [stayed] one category of great natural calamities that , because of its scale and random impact , still seemed to be the work of a wrathful deity .

It did not follow , however , that human judgement could anticipate that of Christ . Clergy who remained untouched by the ‘ enthusiasm ’ of the Evangelicals were more inclined to adhere to the authoritative opinion of another Irish Bishop , Jeremy Taylor , the seventeenth century Bishop of Down , who had written :
it did not follow , however , that human judgement could anticipate that of christ . clergy who [stayed] untouched by the ‘ enthusiasm ’ of the evangelicals were more inclined to adhere to the authoritative opinion of another irish bishop , jeremy taylor , the seventeenth century bishop of down , who had written :

The memory of those twelve days of high summer and high Calvinism remained with her all her life , and was commemorated annually in her diary .
the memory of those twelve days of high summer and high calvinism [stayed] with her all her life , and was commemorated annually in her diary .

James remained thoughtful , very silent all day .
james [stayed] thoughtful , very silent all day .

Undertakers would give the poor no credit and , whilst efforts were being made to raise cash , corpses remained on their deathbeds for up to a fortnight .
undertakers would give the poor no credit and , whilst efforts were being made to raise cash , corpses [stayed] on their deathbeds for up to a fortnight .

were all that remained of the boat at Sutton Hoo .
were all that [stayed] of the boat at sutton hoo .

There are the rare cases , as with the bronze and brass Etruscan statuettes described above , where a few moments spent performing a surface analysis can unequivocally solve a problem , which might have remained a stylistic conundrum for ever .
there are the rare cases , as with the bronze and brass etruscan statuettes described above , where a few moments spent performing a surface analysis can unequivocally solve a problem , which might have [stayed] a stylistic conundrum for ever .

In other words , whilst necessary to the system on both practical and symbolic levels , and a strengthening factor to the positive definition , it remained also an offence to the ideal , marginal to the correct order , and therefore dangerous .
in other words , whilst necessary to the system on both practical and symbolic levels , and a strengthening factor to the positive definition , it [stayed] also an offence to the ideal , marginal to the correct order , and therefore dangerous .

She had believed him even now , even after what had happened and was happening , when he had said that his love for her remained as it had ever been , something eternal .
she had believed him even now , even after what had happened and was happening , when he had said that his love for her [stayed] as it had ever been , something eternal .

In fact , and at least at present , Ludens had little reason to complain since he remained , with Marcus , the closest person , not exactly the beloved disciple , but the most valuable agent .
in fact , and at least at present , ludens had little reason to complain since he [stayed] , with marcus , the closest person , not exactly the beloved disciple , but the most valuable agent .

Marcus in London remained secluded , his chief ‘ manifestations ’ being visits to Patrick during which it seemed ( Ludens was sometimes present ) little was said .
marcus in london [stayed] secluded , his chief ‘ manifestations ’ being visits to patrick during which it seemed ( ludens was sometimes present ) little was said .

Patrick remained .
patrick [stayed] .

One of the oddities of the situation since her ‘ descent ’ was that most of her clothes had remained in the cupboards upstairs , she had felt unable to go and fetch them , and evidently the other two had felt too embarrassed to carry them down , or perhaps had simply not noticed the problem .
one of the oddities of the situation since her ‘ descent ’ was that most of her clothes had [stayed] in the cupboards upstairs , she had felt unable to go and fetch them , and evidently the other two had felt too embarrassed to carry them down , or perhaps had simply not noticed the problem .

And Irina , although her speech remained ironic , scolding , teasing , her eyes gave him a welcome which stirred his heart .
and irina , although her speech [stayed] ironic , scolding , teasing , her eyes gave him a welcome which stirred his heart .

But these changes through the birth rate remained relatively modest in this country until the present century .
but these changes through the birth rate [stayed] relatively modest in this country until the present century .

Right through from the seventeenth until the early twentieth century those who reached the age of sixty years remained a small but quite steady 5–7 per cent of the English population .
right through from the seventeenth until the early twentieth century those who reached the age of sixty years [stayed] a small but quite steady 5–7 per cent of the english population .

So long as the old couple had not made over the farm , their middle-aged son remained a ‘ boy ’ : ‘ You can be a boy here forever as long as the old fellow is still alive ’ .
so long as the old couple had not made over the farm , their middle-aged son [stayed] a ‘ boy ’ : ‘ you can be a boy here forever as long as the old fellow is still alive ’ .

Men remained eligible only at 65 .
men [stayed] eligible only at 65 .

But the new law failed to change normal practice , and such cases remained rare .
but the new law failed to change normal practice , and such cases [stayed] rare .

Roberts 's grandfather had made over the farm when his father married , yet remained the respected patriarch of the household :
roberts 's grandfather had made over the farm when his father married , yet [stayed] the respected patriarch of the household :

No wonder , with such threats to independence a possible outcome , sharing house with the younger generation remained usually a last resort .
no wonder , with such threats to independence a possible outcome , sharing house with the younger generation [stayed] usually a last resort .

Normally at least one parent remained in the home , or if not , close by ; and in many cases aunts of the parents ' generation were involved in caring .
normally at least one parent [stayed] in the home , or if not , close by ; and in many cases aunts of the parents ' generation were involved in caring .

Adult literacy campaigns ( particularly for women ) , rural employment generation , and land reform or land redistribution which all might have helped to provide a decision-making environment for a small family , as well as other benefits for their own sake , remained at the stage of inaugural addresses , or insignificant pilot projects .
adult literacy campaigns ( particularly for women ) , rural employment generation , and land reform or land redistribution which all might have helped to provide a decision-making environment for a small family , as well as other benefits for their own sake , [stayed] at the stage of inaugural addresses , or insignificant pilot projects .

Hence Hercules remained the Deity to propitiate in order to find treasures , whose god was Dis ( identical with Pluto ) who carries off Proserpine ( another name for Ceres or grain ) to the underworld described by the poets , according to whom its first name was Styx , its second the land of the dead , its third the depth of furrows … It was of this golden apple that Virgil , most learned in heroic antiquities , made the golden bough Aeneas carries into the Inferno or Underworld .
hence hercules [stayed] the deity to propitiate in order to find treasures , whose god was dis ( identical with pluto ) who carries off proserpine ( another name for ceres or grain ) to the underworld described by the poets , according to whom its first name was styx , its second the land of the dead , its third the depth of furrows … it was of this golden apple that virgil , most learned in heroic antiquities , made the golden bough aeneas carries into the inferno or underworld .

However , qualifications remained a major obstacle .
however , qualifications [stayed] a major obstacle .

In 1948 , when the Communists took power , there was a directive to remove the theological sections ; by some miracle , however , they remained .
in 1948 , when the communists took power , there was a directive to remove the theological sections ; by some miracle , however , they [stayed] .

At least until recently , however , France has remained the principal external influence on postmodernist fiction in Britain .
at least until recently , however , france has [stayed] the principal external influence on postmodernist fiction in britain .

It has already been indicated that Nathalie Sarraute has always remained committed to the depiction of psychological states , despite the apparently ‘ narratorless ’ trend of her fiction since Le Planétarium .
it has already been indicated that nathalie sarraute has always [stayed] committed to the depiction of psychological states , despite the apparently ‘ narratorless ’ trend of her fiction since le planétarium .

But the Pier Head has remained windswept and deserted .
but the pier head has [stayed] windswept and deserted .

The Arab world , and especially Egypt , embarked upon a revolutionary process , shedding ( or so they thought ) the shackles of imperialism and colonialism , of which Israel remained the most striking example .
the arab world , and especially egypt , embarked upon a revolutionary process , shedding ( or so they thought ) the shackles of imperialism and colonialism , of which israel [stayed] the most striking example .

Palestine remained a passionately felt issue by the Arab masses from the Atlantic seaboard to the Indian Ocean .
palestine [stayed] a passionately felt issue by the arab masses from the atlantic seaboard to the indian ocean .

Syria remained hostile to any political process which would leave it standing alone against Israel .
syria [stayed] hostile to any political process which would leave it standing alone against israel .

Israel , in a position of comparative strength , remained unwilling to make any substantial concessions since it was under no costly duress to do so .
israel , in a position of comparative strength , [stayed] unwilling to make any substantial concessions since it was under no costly duress to do so .

Although obscured by the regional and global struggles surrounding it , the local struggle at the centre of the conflict remained the most explicit and the most inimical .
although obscured by the regional and global struggles surrounding it , the local struggle at the centre of the conflict [stayed] the most explicit and the most inimical .

Israel remained determined to retain military control if not sovereignty over all Eretz Israel/Palestine and to prevent the emergence of a Palestinian state .
israel [stayed] determined to retain military control if not sovereignty over all eretz israel/palestine and to prevent the emergence of a palestinian state .

While committed to a strong and secure Israel , the United States remained a consistent advocate of the return of virtually all the territories captured in 1967 in exchange for peace .
while committed to a strong and secure israel , the united states [stayed] a consistent advocate of the return of virtually all the territories captured in 1967 in exchange for peace .

But it remained uncertain whether they were strong enough to create conditions in which peace could be negotiated even on the most minimal of their terms .
but it [stayed] uncertain whether they were strong enough to create conditions in which peace could be negotiated even on the most minimal of their terms .

At the beginning of 1989 it remained uncertain whether this unenthusiastic recognition would survive the vicissitudes of negotiation .
at the beginning of 1989 it [stayed] uncertain whether this unenthusiastic recognition would survive the vicissitudes of negotiation .

With his brother in Iraq , a Hashemite-ruled Fertile Crescent remained a realistic objective .
with his brother in iraq , a hashemite-ruled fertile crescent [stayed] a realistic objective .

While France remained in Syria any hope of recovering it was pointless .
while france [stayed] in syria any hope of recovering it was pointless .

Palestinian nationalists remained opposed to Abdallah 's plans but had few alternatives .
palestinian nationalists [stayed] opposed to abdallah 's plans but had few alternatives .

To the Palestinians the loss of Lydda and Ramla remained symbols of Hashemite betrayal .
to the palestinians the loss of lydda and ramla [stayed] symbols of hashemite betrayal .

The agriculture of small farmers remained undeveloped , while the industrial sector which was small but had considerable potential with the influx of the coastal refugee population received no single investment of more than about $ 28,000 in the whole period .
the agriculture of small farmers [stayed] undeveloped , while the industrial sector which was small but had considerable potential with the influx of the coastal refugee population received no single investment of more than about $ 28,000 in the whole period .

For the next decade , until June 1967 , the Palestinians watched with envy the triumphs of Arab nationalism under Nasser 's leadership , but remained politically passive .
for the next decade , until june 1967 , the palestinians watched with envy the triumphs of arab nationalism under nasser 's leadership , but [stayed] politically passive .

On the ground Husayn worked to maintain the loyalty of the municipal structure , which remained in place after Israel 's occupation , through subsidies and through Israel 's open bridge policy , which in addition to relieving the pressures on the West Bank population , gave him considerable control over a large proportion of that population .
on the ground husayn worked to maintain the loyalty of the municipal structure , which [stayed] in place after israel 's occupation , through subsidies and through israel 's open bridge policy , which in addition to relieving the pressures on the west bank population , gave him considerable control over a large proportion of that population .

The third possibility of no solution , but a progressive deterioration in the territories remained the most dangerous .
the third possibility of no solution , but a progressive deterioration in the territories [stayed] the most dangerous .

For a nation which had fought a costly war of survival and independence to invite back the very presence which threatened national existence was , and remained unthinkable .
for a nation which had fought a costly war of survival and independence to invite back the very presence which threatened national existence was , and [stayed] unthinkable .

Pending any agreement with the Arab states , particularly with Jordan which hoped to secure the return of its lost territory , Israel 's Defence Minister , Moshe Dayan , established a pattern which remained the bedrock of Israel 's occupation policy .
pending any agreement with the arab states , particularly with jordan which hoped to secure the return of its lost territory , israel 's defence minister , moshe dayan , established a pattern which [stayed] the bedrock of israel 's occupation policy .

These grew in number , many existing solely on paper , but remained weak .
these grew in number , many existing solely on paper , but [stayed] weak .

Their services were modest , and collective written agreements with employers remained exceptional .
their services were modest , and collective written agreements with employers [stayed] exceptional .

Although membership remained low , only about 20 per cent of the West Bank labour force , the resurgence of the union movement symbolized a new national populism which the authorities seemed unable to stifle .
although membership [stayed] low , only about 20 per cent of the west bank labour force , the resurgence of the union movement symbolized a new national populism which the authorities seemed unable to stifle .

Individual villagers remained unwilling or unable to co-operate to raise necessary communal funds between them , for example to repair a broken pump .
individual villagers [stayed] unwilling or unable to co-operate to raise necessary communal funds between them , for example to repair a broken pump .

Central to Agricultural Relief , as with the other elements of the popular movement , remained the belief that the community had to set the agenda of priorities and participate in seeking solutions .
central to agricultural relief , as with the other elements of the popular movement , [stayed] the belief that the community had to set the agenda of priorities and participate in seeking solutions .

Thus , while the health , agricultural and voluntary work committees remained social rather than political in their programmes , they blazed a trail that others widened into a national highway .
thus , while the health , agricultural and voluntary work committees [stayed] social rather than political in their programmes , they blazed a trail that others widened into a national highway .

Population remained static during the 1960s ; the 1966 census showed a total of 55,681 living in the Londonderry County Borough .
population [stayed] static during the 1960s ; the 1966 census showed a total of 55,681 living in the londonderry county borough .

Machu Picchu , however , has remained a mystery .
machu picchu , however , has [stayed] a mystery .

David acknowledged the complexity of Peru 's problems yet he remained an optimist , becoming most heated when he talked about those who repeated endlessly that Peru was a poor country .
david acknowledged the complexity of peru 's problems yet he [stayed] an optimist , becoming most heated when he talked about those who repeated endlessly that peru was a poor country .

The family home , dilapidated as it had become , was the last tangible talisman of their pride and , rather than relinquish it , the Chamfers leased the building and what remained of its land to an educational trust formed by an academically inclined cousin , retaining shooting rights , fishing rights and the right to have their female descendants educated gratis .
the family home , dilapidated as it had become , was the last tangible talisman of their pride and , rather than relinquish it , the chamfers leased the building and what [stayed] of its land to an educational trust formed by an academically inclined cousin , retaining shooting rights , fishing rights and the right to have their female descendants educated gratis .

The water came down so fast from the cold heights that it remained icy even in the thick heat of the valley .
the water came down so fast from the cold heights that it [stayed] icy even in the thick heat of the valley .

Nana remained seated on her stool in the dark front room , below the curling photograph of Queen Elizabeth that was pinned to the shelf that carried packets of Albion sugar , brown on one side , white on the other .
nana [stayed] seated on her stool in the dark front room , below the curling photograph of queen elizabeth that was pinned to the shelf that carried packets of albion sugar , brown on one side , white on the other .

The part of his mind that remained a detached observer wondered if his teeth were actually going to chatter .
the part of his mind that [stayed] a detached observer wondered if his teeth were actually going to chatter .

Lorraine stayed in New Jersey and married a local boy , George Smith , to whom she remained devoted for the rest of his life , until he died in 1986 .
lorraine stayed in new jersey and married a local boy , george smith , to whom she [stayed] devoted for the rest of his life , until he died in 1986 .

He was a fairly typical boy of his neighbourhood , well liked by his friends , and with facial features that remained pretty unaltered through youth and early life , except for a tendency towards puppy fat .
he was a fairly typical boy of his neighbourhood , well liked by his friends , and with facial features that [stayed] pretty unaltered through youth and early life , except for a tendency towards puppy fat .

They were exotic , impoverished days for Nicholson and , above all , big experiences for the boy from Neptune who had by now left the protective custody of his sister/mother and was sharing an apartment with one of a group of friends who he met at the time and with whom he remained close when he became well known .
they were exotic , impoverished days for nicholson and , above all , big experiences for the boy from neptune who had by now left the protective custody of his sister/mother and was sharing an apartment with one of a group of friends who he met at the time and with whom he [stayed] close when he became well known .

Days of wine and roses , and wild , wild parties with Devlin , Gittes and fellow nightowl Harry Dean Stanton — another of his big buddies from acting class who remained a friend and co-star for ever — became temporarily less important to him and , for a couple of years , he settled into the life of a happily married man , with Sandra seemingly intent on becoming the loving wife at home .
days of wine and roses , and wild , wild parties with devlin , gittes and fellow nightowl harry dean stanton — another of his big buddies from acting class who [stayed] a friend and co-star for ever — became temporarily less important to him and , for a couple of years , he settled into the life of a happily married man , with sandra seemingly intent on becoming the loving wife at home .

Three , four months went by until only two routes for selling them remained unexplored .
three , four months went by until only two routes for selling them [stayed] unexplored .

So , even moderate fame still eluded him , and Nicholson remained unknown outside of a small Hollywood clique .
so , even moderate fame still eluded him , and nicholson [stayed] unknown outside of a small hollywood clique .

Nicholson has remained a devoted defender of his rights for — at the very least — a fair trial , which , it appeared , was going to be rather difficult to achieve .
nicholson has [stayed] a devoted defender of his rights for — at the very least — a fair trial , which , it appeared , was going to be rather difficult to achieve .

Nicholson remained as philosophic as ever .
nicholson [stayed] as philosophic as ever .

Nicholson remained fairly ambivalent about the thought of having a son , mainly , he explained , because of Anspach 's attitude .
nicholson [stayed] fairly ambivalent about the thought of having a son , mainly , he explained , because of anspach 's attitude .

The duration of cohabitation , however , has remained virtually unchanged .
the duration of cohabitation , however , has [stayed] virtually unchanged .

The proportion headed by a lone father , at 2 % , has remained virtually unchanged in the last two decades .
the proportion headed by a lone father , at 2 % , has [stayed] virtually unchanged in the last two decades .

Women are less likely to have remained unmarried , but men slightly more likely to reach old age as bachelors
women are less likely to have [stayed] unmarried , but men slightly more likely to reach old age as bachelors

The stimuli may have remained the same but almost all other aspects of the training situation were radically altered in the shift from the simultaneous to the successive procedure .
the stimuli may have [stayed] the same but almost all other aspects of the training situation were radically altered in the shift from the simultaneous to the successive procedure .

But there was no prospect of removing it as long as Mrs Thatcher remained leader .
but there was no prospect of removing it as long as mrs thatcher [stayed] leader .

Although the Conservative vote overall remained roughly at its 1986 level , their comparative share actually fell in 22 of the 36 boroughs .
although the conservative vote overall [stayed] roughly at its 1986 level , their comparative share actually fell in 22 of the 36 boroughs .

Although media attention remained fixed on events in London , they surely provided Mrs Thatcher 's government with its biggest shock .
although media attention [stayed] fixed on events in london , they surely provided mrs thatcher 's government with its biggest shock .

In the last 10 days of the trail , however , he became much happier to take risks , although babies remained unkissed .
in the last 10 days of the trail , however , he became much happier to take risks , although babies [stayed] unkissed .

Mr Major has remained unstintingly energetic , contrary to the predictions of some who forecast exhaustion .
mr major has [stayed] unstintingly energetic , contrary to the predictions of some who forecast exhaustion .

The vast majority who remained in work found their wages more than kept pace with inflation .
the vast majority who [stayed] in work found their wages more than kept pace with inflation .

When he ventured forth , he felt he remained very tentative , lagging the eight and 10-foot putts he had for birdies on the second and third greens .
when he ventured forth , he felt he [stayed] very tentative , lagging the eight and 10-foot putts he had for birdies on the second and third greens .

There are success stories of companies which have used this unlisted market as the first step to the big-time , but too many have remained stuck with a quotation but no business in their shares .
there are success stories of companies which have used this unlisted market as the first step to the big-time , but too many have [stayed] stuck with a quotation but no business in their shares .

‘ They tried everything to unnerve him but he remained so cool , ’ said Mr Kinnear , who took great pride in the fact that Wimbledon , now safe from relegation , are the first side to score three times at Anfield this season .
‘ they tried everything to unnerve him but he [stayed] so cool , ’ said mr kinnear , who took great pride in the fact that wimbledon , now safe from relegation , are the first side to score three times at anfield this season .

Robots and the Galactic Empire remained the pivotal themes of Asimov 's novels .
robots and the galactic empire [stayed] the pivotal themes of asimov 's novels .

The small hours of Friday morning were busy ones for stockbrokers who remained open in case investors were shocked by the result into selling stocks .
the small hours of friday morning were busy ones for stockbrokers who [stayed] open in case investors were shocked by the result into selling stocks .

His 240 points remained England 's individual record until overtaken by Jonathan Webb last month against Wales .
his 240 points [stayed] england 's individual record until overtaken by jonathan webb last month against wales .

The name of Gary Wolstenholme also remained on the big scoreboards all morning .
the name of gary wolstenholme also [stayed] on the big scoreboards all morning .

During the Indian Mutiny of 1857 they remained steadfastly loyal to the Crown , and for this were accorded a permanent 15-gun salute by the Viceroy .
during the indian mutiny of 1857 they [stayed] steadfastly loyal to the crown , and for this were accorded a permanent 15-gun salute by the viceroy .

He remained loyal to the Congress party , led first by Mrs Gandhi and later by her son Rajiv , for the rest of his career .
he [stayed] loyal to the congress party , led first by mrs gandhi and later by her son rajiv , for the rest of his career .

Shortly afterwards , dressed in a grey suit at a local Conservative Club , he remained defiant .
shortly afterwards , dressed in a grey suit at a local conservative club , he [stayed] defiant .

He maintained his refusal to comment on the polls , and remained adamant he would never do deals on proportional representation .
he maintained his refusal to comment on the polls , and [stayed] adamant he would never do deals on proportional representation .

His next posting , in 1975 , took him to the Ministry of Defence , where he remained until his retirement in 1988 .
his next posting , in 1975 , took him to the ministry of defence , where he [stayed] until his retirement in 1988 .

His career as a virtuoso dancer came to an end in the 1960s , when he suffered an injury , but he continued to take on character parts , notably as the widow Simone in Ashton 's Fille , and remained with the company until 1989 .
his career as a virtuoso dancer came to an end in the 1960s , when he suffered an injury , but he continued to take on character parts , notably as the widow simone in ashton 's fille , and [stayed] with the company until 1989 .

The Royal Ballet remained very much the centre of Shaw 's world , and his pithy comments revolved around its artistic and social manoeuvres , but the mainspring of his life — the glory and challenge of being a supreme athlete and artist on stage — could not be replaced .
the royal ballet [stayed] very much the centre of shaw 's world , and his pithy comments revolved around its artistic and social manoeuvres , but the mainspring of his life — the glory and challenge of being a supreme athlete and artist on stage — could not be replaced .

Hodgson 's brewery , whose tap room in the Bow Road bore the name Bombay Grab , remained pre-eminent in the India beer trade until at least the 1820s .
hodgson 's brewery , whose tap room in the bow road bore the name bombay grab , [stayed] pre-eminent in the india beer trade until at least the 1820s .

Mann 's remained famous for stouts and brown ales , and many other brewers sold its bottled brown ale , first introduced in 1899 .
mann 's [stayed] famous for stouts and brown ales , and many other brewers sold its bottled brown ale , first introduced in 1899 .

Massive structures remained , many attitudes and management at the beginning of the decade were very similar to those of long ago .
massive structures [stayed] , many attitudes and management at the beginning of the decade were very similar to those of long ago .

The regional general manager remained effectively the managing director of a large company .
the regional general manager [stayed] effectively the managing director of a large company .

Only the Royal Scot remained as a viable Euston-Glasgow train but with a schedule fifteen minutes slower than the five-hour norm established in the 1974 timetable .
only the royal scot [stayed] as a viable euston-glasgow train but with a schedule fifteen minutes slower than the five-hour norm established in the 1974 timetable .

The basic problem remained , as always , the cost of providing a service to a large number of individual freight terminals , many receiving only a handful of wagons each week .
the basic problem [stayed] , as always , the cost of providing a service to a large number of individual freight terminals , many receiving only a handful of wagons each week .

Or rather , it was not yet that acceptance , something in Raskolnikov remained obdurate .
or rather , it was not yet that acceptance , something in raskolnikov [stayed] obdurate .

The rest of the market remained weighed down by interest rate pressures , with Thursday 's West German decision anxiously awaited .
the rest of the market [stayed] weighed down by interest rate pressures , with thursday 's west german decision anxiously awaited .

Stores remained in the doldrums , with the latest retail sales figures confirming the difficulties of the high street .
stores [stayed] in the doldrums , with the latest retail sales figures confirming the difficulties of the high street .

Only one option remained .
only one option [stayed] .

Thus Pound in January 1946 , in his first days at St Elizabeth 's , appealing in terror at the prospect of losing whatever sanity remained to him .
thus pound in january 1946 , in his first days at st elizabeth 's , appealing in terror at the prospect of losing whatever sanity [stayed] to him .

He cast off his home and his country because he was disgusted by its slovenliness of intellectual outlook , although he was certain ( with his gifts ) of success and reputation had he remained in his own land ; and he was wholly unknown and unsupported when he attempted to browbeat London .
he cast off his home and his country because he was disgusted by its slovenliness of intellectual outlook , although he was certain ( with his gifts ) of success and reputation had he [stayed] in his own land ; and he was wholly unknown and unsupported when he attempted to browbeat london .

He had no alternative ; had he remained in London after 1920 , the antagonism to him could only have got more obdurate and more brutal .
he had no alternative ; had he [stayed] in london after 1920 , the antagonism to him could only have got more obdurate and more brutal .

The divergence is important , perhaps crucial , because Pound and Eliot , American expatriates of roughly the same generation , in the London of the second decade of this century made common cause and thereafter — despite ever wider ideological disagreements — remained friends , mutually respectful and mutually supporting , until Eliot 's death in 1965 .
the divergence is important , perhaps crucial , because pound and eliot , american expatriates of roughly the same generation , in the london of the second decade of this century made common cause and thereafter — despite ever wider ideological disagreements — [stayed] friends , mutually respectful and mutually supporting , until eliot 's death in 1965 .

There can be little doubt for instance that the doubtfulness or downright hostility felt towards Eliot by some Americans , particularly in recent decades , derives from the sort of American Eliot was — and remained , long after he had taken British citizenship .
there can be little doubt for instance that the doubtfulness or downright hostility felt towards eliot by some americans , particularly in recent decades , derives from the sort of american eliot was — and [stayed] , long after he had taken british citizenship .

However , Pound 's diagnosis of Williams 's condition was surely perceptive : Williams could abide American reality ( where Pound and Eliot had to flee from it ) because , as in the admirable ‘ To Elsie ’ ( ’ The pure products of America / go crazy ' ) , he remained the immigrant , the outsider looking in on the behaviour of the nation that he had been , by the sheerest accident , born to .
however , pound 's diagnosis of williams 's condition was surely perceptive : williams could abide american reality ( where pound and eliot had to flee from it ) because , as in the admirable ‘ to elsie ’ ( ’ the pure products of america / go crazy ' ) , he [stayed] the immigrant , the outsider looking in on the behaviour of the nation that he had been , by the sheerest accident , born to .

One needs Ford Madox Ford 's emphasis on ‘ the Mediterranean basin , to understand that ‘ tovarisch ’ is being dignified by having his exploits measured against the myths of ancient Greece — for instance , that of Cadmus , founder of Thebes , who sowed dragon 's teeth from which sprang warriors which fought among themselves until only five remained .
one needs ford madox ford 's emphasis on ‘ the mediterranean basin , to understand that ‘ tovarisch ’ is being dignified by having his exploits measured against the myths of ancient greece — for instance , that of cadmus , founder of thebes , who sowed dragon 's teeth from which sprang warriors which fought among themselves until only five [stayed] .

In 1987 imports into Britain fell by 12 per cent , although with around a fifth of the market we remained easily the world 's biggest tea importers .
in 1987 imports into britain fell by 12 per cent , although with around a fifth of the market we [stayed] easily the world 's biggest tea importers .

Alfred Yu , a university lecturer who had openly criticised that government , has remained in Australia , where he was teaching , too nervous to return .
alfred yu , a university lecturer who had openly criticised that government , has [stayed] in australia , where he was teaching , too nervous to return .

This is appropriate in more ways than one , since , like McTaggart , Tabner has remained somewhat apart from the more experimental tendencies of his time .
this is appropriate in more ways than one , since , like mctaggart , tabner has [stayed] somewhat apart from the more experimental tendencies of his time .

Trade union delegates remained silent during the short debate but voted solidly behind the leadership .
trade union delegates [stayed] silent during the short debate but voted solidly behind the leadership .

Even when , after several hours , the majority of emigrants had set off , a group of young men wearing track suits remained in darkness at the back of the embassy , helping the most recent arrivals over the railings .
even when , after several hours , the majority of emigrants had set off , a group of young men wearing track suits [stayed] in darkness at the back of the embassy , helping the most recent arrivals over the railings .

Clearly , the gearbox remained the Achilles ' heel for the McLaren-Honda and it will doubtless cause Senna one or two anxious moments before this season ends in Adelaide on 5 November .
clearly , the gearbox [stayed] the achilles ' heel for the mclaren-honda and it will doubtless cause senna one or two anxious moments before this season ends in adelaide on 5 november .

Lacking a goal that might have altered its chemistry , it remained a matter of dull physics .
lacking a goal that might have altered its chemistry , it [stayed] a matter of dull physics .

But it remained rhetoric , language rather than achievement .
but it [stayed] rhetoric , language rather than achievement .

The Greens remained the third strongest party with 0.2 per cent more than before at 8.3 per cent .
the greens [stayed] the third strongest party with 0.2 per cent more than before at 8.3 per cent .

The link between corporal punishment and delinquency remained strong even when the researchers had allowed for class , sex and family size .
the link between corporal punishment and delinquency [stayed] strong even when the researchers had allowed for class , sex and family size .

If they remained at the current 14 per cent rate , they would be £402m .
if they [stayed] at the current 14 per cent rate , they would be £402m .

Like Irving Berlin , Fain became part of that group of early 20th-century American songwriters with a talent for producing simple melodies that remained popular decades after they were first heard .
like irving berlin , fain became part of that group of early 20th-century american songwriters with a talent for producing simple melodies that [stayed] popular decades after they were first heard .

It remained frozen in a feudal system which had decayed but not died with the end of the rubber boom .
it [stayed] frozen in a feudal system which had decayed but not died with the end of the rubber boom .

He remained a Scandinavian puritan , less humourous than Bergman , certainly more covert about sexuality generally .
he [stayed] a scandinavian puritan , less humourous than bergman , certainly more covert about sexuality generally .

But Northern Ireland has remained untouched by all but a few Irish comedians .
but northern ireland has [stayed] untouched by all but a few irish comedians .

He said 18 parliamentary questions he had put down remained unanswered , after the Prime Minister claimed that all the financial details of the car company 's sale to British Aerospace had been released .
he said 18 parliamentary questions he had put down [stayed] unanswered , after the prime minister claimed that all the financial details of the car company 's sale to british aerospace had been released .

Mr Koc remained in hospital for six days , and was then taken back to the small hotel where he had been staying since his arrival in London .
mr koc [stayed] in hospital for six days , and was then taken back to the small hotel where he had been staying since his arrival in london .

Mr Koc remained in hospital for six days , and was then taken back to the small hotel where he had been staying since his arrival in London .
mr koc [stayed] in hospital for six days , and was then taken back to the small hotel where he had been staying since his arrival in london .

The outcome of the talks remained unclear but leading figures in the opposition Civic Forum were optimistic that the Communists will be reduced to a minority in the new coalition government .
the outcome of the talks [stayed] unclear but leading figures in the opposition civic forum were optimistic that the communists will be reduced to a minority in the new coalition government .

But the results of the talks with the party politburo member Mr Vasil Mohorita remained unclear .
but the results of the talks with the party politburo member mr vasil mohorita [stayed] unclear .

Millend stood idle for about eight years until it eventually became the home of The Mechanical Malting Company , later The Automatic Malting Co , who remained there until 1931 .
millend stood idle for about eight years until it eventually became the home of the mechanical malting company , later the automatic malting co , who [stayed] there until 1931 .

Eventually , by 1827 , Charles Stevens alone remained .
eventually , by 1827 , charles stevens alone [stayed] .

His occupancy lasted until 1 761 , when he sold it to another local clothier , John Cox , in whose family it remained until 1818 when Elizabeth and William leased it for seven years to the partnership of John Cox and Weston Hicks .
his occupancy lasted until 1 761 , when he sold it to another local clothier , john cox , in whose family it [stayed] until 1818 when elizabeth and william leased it for seven years to the partnership of john cox and weston hicks .

They remained until their bankruptcy in 1849 .
they [stayed] until their bankruptcy in 1849 .

In 1863 he died and the mills were leased to Reynolds and Allen , who remained there for some years .
in 1863 he died and the mills were leased to reynolds and allen , who [stayed] there for some years .

By 1839 , only fifteen of Chalford 's mills remained in the wool trade .
by 1839 , only fifteen of chalford 's mills [stayed] in the wool trade .

Within a few years , he had sold on to George Ford , in whose family the mill remained for over 30 years .
within a few years , he had sold on to george ford , in whose family the mill [stayed] for over 30 years .

It remained in his hands until at least the mid-1670s .
it [stayed] in his hands until at least the mid-1670s .

At some point they were worked by Samuel Yeats , who remained until at least the mid-1780s .
at some point they were worked by samuel yeats , who [stayed] until at least the mid-1780s .

Another part of the mill was already occupied by another firm of stick and umbrella fitting manufactures , Wright , Bindley and Gell , who remained there to the 1950s .
another part of the mill was already occupied by another firm of stick and umbrella fitting manufactures , wright , bindley and gell , who [stayed] there to the 1950s .

William Hill remained at Inchbrook until around 1770 , but by 1780 it was worked by John Rogers .
william hill [stayed] at inchbrook until around 1770 , but by 1780 it was worked by john rogers .

He must have been the tenant for , in 1812 , the mill had been bought by Peter Playne from the Wade family , in whose hands it had remained since around 1758 .
he must have been the tenant for , in 1812 , the mill had been bought by peter playne from the wade family , in whose hands it had [stayed] since around 1758 .

For several years it appears it remained empty , but by 1845 was back in business , with tenants John and Edward Wise producing cloth .
for several years it appears it [stayed] empty , but by 1845 was back in business , with tenants john and edward wise producing cloth .

Despite the end of the cloth trade , two World Wars and a major fire , Woodchester Mill has remained a busy working site with Woodchester-built pianos still managing to find their way to every corner of the globe .
despite the end of the cloth trade , two world wars and a major fire , woodchester mill has [stayed] a busy working site with woodchester-built pianos still managing to find their way to every corner of the globe .

Until 1858 it remained a cloth mill , run by a succession of owners and tenants , including Paul Wathen , Joseph Haigh and Charles Peach .
until 1858 it [stayed] a cloth mill , run by a succession of owners and tenants , including paul wathen , joseph haigh and charles peach .

It was sold successively to John Bennett and Thomas Roberts , in whose family it remained until 1782 , when it was again sold , this time to William Read , who leased the mills ( in 1805 ) to Butlin and Co .
it was sold successively to john bennett and thomas roberts , in whose family it [stayed] until 1782 , when it was again sold , this time to william read , who leased the mills ( in 1805 ) to butlin and co .

The scrap business remained until the 1980s , at which time the Dean Heritage Trust came into being , the nucleus for its various functions being the old Camp Mill .
the scrap business [stayed] until the 1980s , at which time the dean heritage trust came into being , the nucleus for its various functions being the old camp mill .

Over the next few hundred years , Tewkesbury remained a busy commercial centre , often ranked only second to Gloucester .
over the next few hundred years , tewkesbury [stayed] a busy commercial centre , often ranked only second to gloucester .

The Company became known as Samuel Healing and Sons Ltd for much of its life and remained so until 1961 , when the whole operation was purchased by the international milling group , Allied Mills Ltd .
the company became known as samuel healing and sons ltd for much of its life and [stayed] so until 1961 , when the whole operation was purchased by the international milling group , allied mills ltd .

It has remained a corn mill throughout its working life , having had no known connection with the wool trade .
it has [stayed] a corn mill throughout its working life , having had no known connection with the wool trade .

The brewery is unique in many respects , especially as a result of the outstanding beauty of its buildings , pond and meticulously maintained surroundings , this being due in no small part to the fact that it has remained in the hands of the Arkell family for well over a century .
the brewery is unique in many respects , especially as a result of the outstanding beauty of its buildings , pond and meticulously maintained surroundings , this being due in no small part to the fact that it has [stayed] in the hands of the arkell family for well over a century .

His stay was brief , for in 1950 it was sold to the West Midlands Farmers Association who remained until 1974 .
his stay was brief , for in 1950 it was sold to the west midlands farmers association who [stayed] until 1974 .

The small Achray Hotel had vanished ; all that remained was a foot of brickwork where its base had been .
the small achray hotel had vanished ; all that [stayed] was a foot of brickwork where its base had been .

The front and one side remained , the rear and other side had been swept away along with half the roof .
the front and one side [stayed] , the rear and other side had been swept away along with half the roof .

We 're also hoping to place others with those whose houses have remained intact .
we 're also hoping to place others with those whose houses have [stayed] intact .

She did n't want any more to eat herself , and it was n't fair that the Lennoxes were kept from what remained of their dinner .
she did n't want any more to eat herself , and it was n't fair that the lennoxes were kept from what [stayed] of their dinner .

They remained there for over twenty minutes , occasionally exchanging comments , but mainly gazing about in silence , each deep in thought and memory .
they [stayed] there for over twenty minutes , occasionally exchanging comments , but mainly gazing about in silence , each deep in thought and memory .

The station buildings had been damaged in the flood , but the railway itself , after some minor repair , remained functional .
the station buildings had been damaged in the flood , but the railway itself , after some minor repair , [stayed] functional .

She moved just inside the close , but he remained outside .
she moved just inside the close , but he [stayed] outside .

He threw what remained in his glass down his throat , and lurched to his feet .
he threw what [stayed] in his glass down his throat , and lurched to his feet .

William Shorter , however , remained at large with three of his lieutenants .
william shorter , however , [stayed] at large with three of his lieutenants .

Tawell was a charmer , an opportunist , a socialite and a womaniser , but on the surface he remained respectable .
tawell was a charmer , an opportunist , a socialite and a womaniser , but on the surface he [stayed] respectable .

Her parents remained adamant , so much so that they consulted Granny Patin concerning the wording on their daughter 's tombstone .
her parents [stayed] adamant , so much so that they consulted granny patin concerning the wording on their daughter 's tombstone .

Presumably , the anode remained the same ( no change is mentioned ) , so with the thickest rod the spacing between anode and cathode would have been the smallest .
presumably , the anode [stayed] the same ( no change is mentioned ) , so with the thickest rod the spacing between anode and cathode would have been the smallest .

The researchers found that these ‘ trimmer ’ structures remained intact when the area was imaged again two days later .
the researchers found that these ‘ trimmer ’ structures [stayed] intact when the area was imaged again two days later .

Piazza Duomo suffered terribly , although the cathedral itself remained largely intact .
piazza duomo suffered terribly , although the cathedral itself [stayed] largely intact .

The circular waterway remained until the early nineteenth-century when it was filled and converted into a road .
the circular waterway [stayed] until the early nineteenth-century when it was filled and converted into a road .

At the time of Mozart 's birth Leopold was working on his Versuch einer gründlichen Violinschule [ Treatise on the fundamentals of violin-playing ] , a highly important theoretical and practical treatise , published later that year ( 2 ) ; it remained the standard violin method for a considerable time , both in the original German and in various translations .
at the time of mozart 's birth leopold was working on his versuch einer gründlichen violinschule [ treatise on the fundamentals of violin-playing ] , a highly important theoretical and practical treatise , published later that year ( 2 ) ; it [stayed] the standard violin method for a considerable time , both in the original german and in various translations .

But he remained convinced that if only the Elector could hear him he would change his mind :
but he [stayed] convinced that if only the elector could hear him he would change his mind :

He also told his son that the only reason that he had remained in Salzburg was to ensure that his wife had a pension after his death :
he also told his son that the only reason that he had [stayed] in salzburg was to ensure that his wife had a pension after his death :

One organisation , the Eugenics Movement , was especially concerned that the national intelligence would be impaired if mentally handicapped people remained part of society .
one organisation , the eugenics movement , was especially concerned that the national intelligence would be impaired if mentally handicapped people [stayed] part of society .

Those denied an education remained in hospitals without any form of mental stimulation or simply stayed at home ; a few attended ‘ junior ’ training centres .
those denied an education [stayed] in hospitals without any form of mental stimulation or simply stayed at home ; a few attended ‘ junior ’ training centres .

These so-called ‘ pellet ’ dosages are described in Chronic Diseases p151 as ‘ the finest , of the size of poppy-seeds , of which about 200 ( more or less ) weigh a grain ’ and just one of these tiny granules , given dry on the tongue , remained Hahnemann 's standard solid dose right up to 1837 .
these so-called ‘ pellet ’ dosages are described in chronic diseases p151 as ‘ the finest , of the size of poppy-seeds , of which about 200 ( more or less ) weigh a grain ’ and just one of these tiny granules , given dry on the tongue , [stayed] hahnemann 's standard solid dose right up to 1837 .

The experience of being molested once as a child and then a man jumping in her car at 21 yrs and her running away remained with her so that she has persistent fear of being attacked and the sense of someone being behind her .
the experience of being molested once as a child and then a man jumping in her car at 21 yrs and her running away [stayed] with her so that she has persistent fear of being attacked and the sense of someone being behind her .

Rather lovable in spite of all ’ — was recorded at age 7 and still remained on the secondary school record at age 14 .
rather lovable in spite of all ’ — was recorded at age 7 and still [stayed] on the secondary school record at age 14 .

After 1713 , however , the corporation remained firmly in the hands of Bridgewater appointees .
after 1713 , however , the corporation [stayed] firmly in the hands of bridgewater appointees .

The place is identified in the town as the site of a castle of which no trace remained by the eighteenth century [ Eland , 1 , 92 ] .
the place is identified in the town as the site of a castle of which no trace [stayed] by the eighteenth century [ eland , 1 , 92 ] .

Freemantle and the newly ordained Richard Grey remained Crewe 's closest confidants through the last years of his life .
freemantle and the newly ordained richard grey [stayed] crewe 's closest confidants through the last years of his life .

As a crude barometer of reputation , such a comparison suggests that Leapor 's stature as a woman writer remained high almost thirty years after her death .
as a crude barometer of reputation , such a comparison suggests that leapor 's stature as a woman writer [stayed] high almost thirty years after her death .

As one rose in society this problem , paradoxically , became more acute as the possibilities of domestic service or involvement in a family enterprise were reduced Although writing remained an outlet for women 's talents , many women who published were attacked as whores .
as one rose in society this problem , paradoxically , became more acute as the possibilities of domestic service or involvement in a family enterprise were reduced although writing [stayed] an outlet for women 's talents , many women who published were attacked as whores .

Yet the numbers of women choosing not to marry receded in times of rising real wages , and the same conditions lowered the average age at marriage Hence , it is wise to remember that many women remained unmarried only because they did not have the means to start a new household with a husband .
yet the numbers of women choosing not to marry receded in times of rising real wages , and the same conditions lowered the average age at marriage hence , it is wise to remember that many women [stayed] unmarried only because they did not have the means to start a new household with a husband .

In the upper classes women often remained unmarried because their families could not provide sufficient dowries .
in the upper classes women often [stayed] unmarried because their families could not provide sufficient dowries .

Even late in her life , Montagu remained unable to accept her own loss of beauty .
even late in her life , montagu [stayed] unable to accept her own loss of beauty .

He remained desperately poor and obstinately proud .
he [stayed] desperately poor and obstinately proud .

Modigliani did not mention Beatrice ; it seems likely that Eugenia never heard about the affair from him , and she remained an unintegrated part of his life .
modigliani did not mention beatrice ; it seems likely that eugenia never heard about the affair from him , and she [stayed] an unintegrated part of his life .

All his friends noticed that no matter how drunk he was , his hand remained steady and he could draw with astonishing skill and sensitivity .
all his friends noticed that no matter how drunk he was , his hand [stayed] steady and he could draw with astonishing skill and sensitivity .

’ But apart from the occasional buyer , Modigliani 's paintings remained stacked in a corner in Zborowski 's apartment and the price was depressingly low .
’ but apart from the occasional buyer , modigliani 's paintings [stayed] stacked in a corner in zborowski 's apartment and the price was depressingly low .

Besides , he remained living at home , and had to side with his parents .
besides , he [stayed] living at home , and had to side with his parents .

For his part the Prince had no intention of using his own money — he had better uses for it — and so things remained as they were .
for his part the prince had no intention of using his own money — he had better uses for it — and so things [stayed] as they were .

As usual he mingled with his guests , with whom he remained until just after ten o'clock .
as usual he mingled with his guests , with whom he [stayed] until just after ten o'clock .

Questions spiritual having thus been dealt with , there remained those of a temporal nature , of which a suitable civil list was held to be the most pressing .
questions spiritual having thus been dealt with , there [stayed] those of a temporal nature , of which a suitable civil list was held to be the most pressing .

The ‘ Legitimist ’ nobility , that is those who remained loyal to the elder Bourbon branch which had been deposed by the Revolution of 1830 , kept itself aloof from the court of the ‘ parvenu ’ , just as it had shunned that of Louis-Philippe .
the ‘ legitimist ’ nobility , that is those who [stayed] loyal to the elder bourbon branch which had been deposed by the revolution of 1830 , kept itself aloof from the court of the ‘ parvenu ’ , just as it had shunned that of louis-philippe .

The Empress miscarried in April 1853 and as a consequence remained extremely unwell for months .
the empress miscarried in april 1853 and as a consequence [stayed] extremely unwell for months .

Nevertheless , large areas of the Palace remained very ill-lit ; servants who were responsible for the maintenance of the oil lamps , the only means of lighting the corridors and the small dark private staircases , were obliged to circulate day and night .
nevertheless , large areas of the palace [stayed] very ill-lit ; servants who were responsible for the maintenance of the oil lamps , the only means of lighting the corridors and the small dark private staircases , were obliged to circulate day and night .

Heating , for example , remained primitive ; that is , there were open fires in the rooms except in the private Imperial apartments , where there was central heating .
heating , for example , [stayed] primitive ; that is , there were open fires in the rooms except in the private imperial apartments , where there was central heating .

The Princess proved to be fitted for her post by her loyalty as well as her dignity , for she remained with the Empress until the end came on the morning of 4 September 1870 , leaving her mistress only when so commanded .
the princess proved to be fitted for her post by her loyalty as well as her dignity , for she [stayed] with the empress until the end came on the morning of 4 september 1870 , leaving her mistress only when so commanded .

It remained as one of the Abbey 's treasures until it was stolen some years ago .
it [stayed] as one of the abbey 's treasures until it was stolen some years ago .

While Fontainebleau played an important part in the seasonal round of Court life , Compiègne was , and has remained , the Imperial residence most clearly identified with the Second Empire .
while fontainebleau played an important part in the seasonal round of court life , compiègne was , and has [stayed] , the imperial residence most clearly identified with the second empire .

Everyone then processed back to the Salle des fêtes , where coffee was served ; the Emperor left shortly afterwards to go to his study , where he could smoke his cigarette ; the male guests who shared his habit were allowed to retire to the smoking room , while the Empress remained behind with the ladies .
everyone then processed back to the salle des fêtes , where coffee was served ; the emperor left shortly afterwards to go to his study , where he could smoke his cigarette ; the male guests who shared his habit were allowed to retire to the smoking room , while the empress [stayed] behind with the ladies .

While it appears beyond dispute that ‘ a massive immigration and a strong economic upsurge ( meant that ) all sections of the economy profited from this growth ’ , Paris nevertheless remained during the whole of the period an area in which ‘ hand industry ’ predominated ; it was a capital associated with the production of articles of high fashion and luxury goods rather than a centre of heavy industry .
while it appears beyond dispute that ‘ a massive immigration and a strong economic upsurge ( meant that ) all sections of the economy profited from this growth ’ , paris nevertheless [stayed] during the whole of the period an area in which ‘ hand industry ’ predominated ; it was a capital associated with the production of articles of high fashion and luxury goods rather than a centre of heavy industry .

He was transferred in 1853 to the prefectorate of the Department of the Seine , which included Paris , and he remained there until 1870 ; for the whole of this period he remained the Emperor 's man , charged with executing his master 's projects and doing them quickly .
he was transferred in 1853 to the prefectorate of the department of the seine , which included paris , and he [stayed] there until 1870 ; for the whole of this period he [stayed] the emperor 's man , charged with executing his master 's projects and doing them quickly .

It was to be the stumbling block ; for if the Emperor abandoned the Clauses he would antagonize Britain , while so long as they remained , Russia would not respond to his requests for an alliance .
it was to be the stumbling block ; for if the emperor abandoned the clauses he would antagonize britain , while so long as they [stayed] , russia would not respond to his requests for an alliance .

The parliamentary opposition defeated the plans for military reform which were proposed in 1867 , with the result that the army remained well below the level which it needed to confront the newly enlarged and well-armed Prussian state .
the parliamentary opposition defeated the plans for military reform which were proposed in 1867 , with the result that the army [stayed] well below the level which it needed to confront the newly enlarged and well-armed prussian state .

For this reason she remained at Saint Cloud while the Ministers remained in Paris , since it was possible for them to consult the Regent if they thought it necessary .
for this reason she [stayed] at saint cloud while the ministers [stayed] in paris , since it was possible for them to consult the regent if they thought it necessary .

It was in these few rooms that the last act of the drama took place , for the rest of the building remained unused except for those rooms near to the Empress 's apartments where her few attendants camped out , sleeping on improvised beds and working , when necessary , on the corners of tables hastily cleared to provide space on which to write .
it was in these few rooms that the last act of the drama took place , for the rest of the building [stayed] unused except for those rooms near to the empress 's apartments where her few attendants camped out , sleeping on improvised beds and working , when necessary , on the corners of tables hastily cleared to provide space on which to write .

She could have continued at the City Press , and he remained a policeman .
she could have continued at the city press , and he [stayed] a policeman .

It was soon realised , however , that the national bourgeoisie was too weak to pursue an independent line and being themselves involved in the complexities of dependent development , their orientations remained the same as the rest of the dominant class .
it was soon realised , however , that the national bourgeoisie was too weak to pursue an independent line and being themselves involved in the complexities of dependent development , their orientations [stayed] the same as the rest of the dominant class .

But , even where there were legal improvements , enforcement was often limited and , given the nature of the labour market in Latin America , many workers remained outside the legal framework , which applied only to industrial workers .
but , even where there were legal improvements , enforcement was often limited and , given the nature of the labour market in latin america , many workers [stayed] outside the legal framework , which applied only to industrial workers .

Its windows and doors had been sealed up with breeze-blocks but the Koranic inscription beneath the roof remained and someone had painted it in the past ten years .
its windows and doors had been sealed up with breeze-blocks but the koranic inscription beneath the roof [stayed] and someone had painted it in the past ten years .

Each transaction — of which the original owners remained in ignorance — had involved the transfer of money from one Israeli government department to another .
each transaction — of which the original owners [stayed] in ignorance — had involved the transfer of money from one israeli government department to another .

Assad did not want the civil war to continue , for if Lebanon suffered any more wounds some of its blood might seep into Syria , through those narrow grey wadis in the anti-Lebanon mountain range and down into the plateau beyond , perhaps even infecting Damascus , whose carefully balanced but Alawite-controlled metabolism had so far remained untouched by the epidemic on the other side of the border .
assad did not want the civil war to continue , for if lebanon suffered any more wounds some of its blood might seep into syria , through those narrow grey wadis in the anti-lebanon mountain range and down into the plateau beyond , perhaps even infecting damascus , whose carefully balanced but alawite-controlled metabolism had so far [stayed] untouched by the epidemic on the other side of the border .

Just in front of it lay what remained of the ancient forum of Roman Beyrutus , three bullet-slashed columns in the middle of the road .
just in front of it lay what [stayed] of the ancient forum of roman beyrutus , three bullet-slashed columns in the middle of the road .

They remained good friends , of course , and called each other up frequently on the telephone .
they [stayed] good friends , of course , and called each other up frequently on the telephone .

Does this show that the father would not be neutral if he remained aloof from the quarrel ?
does this show that the father would not be neutral if he [stayed] aloof from the quarrel ?

Many people remained sceptical .
many people [stayed] sceptical .

Progress since then has been slow but the principle has remained the same .
progress since then has been slow but the principle has [stayed] the same .

The Pressurized Water Reactor may have been a new type of reactor to Britain , but it was , and has remained , the brand leader in most other nuclear nations .
the pressurized water reactor may have been a new type of reactor to britain , but it was , and has [stayed] , the brand leader in most other nuclear nations .

Not only that , but the Conservative government had made it clear that its policy in support of nuclear power remained unfaltering .
not only that , but the conservative government had made it clear that its policy in support of nuclear power [stayed] unfaltering .

Whilst public protest and scientific concern have concentrated on the dangers of the industry 's radioactive threat , and others have challenged the strategic arguments , the economics have remained the preserve of a few academic critics who have been prepared to tussle with the limited information available .
whilst public protest and scientific concern have concentrated on the dangers of the industry 's radioactive threat , and others have challenged the strategic arguments , the economics have [stayed] the preserve of a few academic critics who have been prepared to tussle with the limited information available .

The child might never have known his or her grandfather nor seen the small piece of land that made him a landlord , yet the child remained stubbornly a landlord in official eyes decades after land reform .
the child might never have known his or her grandfather nor seen the small piece of land that made him a landlord , yet the child [stayed] stubbornly a landlord in official eyes decades after land reform .

The moral code remained an ideal even if the performance was inferior , and for tribes and clans the aspiration was what counted : those who fought , sacrificed and died together became brothers , their leaders fathers .
the moral code [stayed] an ideal even if the performance was inferior , and for tribes and clans the aspiration was what counted : those who fought , sacrificed and died together became brothers , their leaders fathers .

Yet it was often an element in earlier national struggles — in the Low Countries , between the Protestant north and the Catholic south ( where the Spanish Crown ensured , through the Inquisition , that the Catholic faith remained the religion of the loyalists ) .
yet it was often an element in earlier national struggles — in the low countries , between the protestant north and the catholic south ( where the spanish crown ensured , through the inquisition , that the catholic faith [stayed] the religion of the loyalists ) .

But for much of the time , without the right circumstances , they remained hungry , prophets without followings .
but for much of the time , without the right circumstances , they [stayed] hungry , prophets without followings .

For them class remained the decisive issue .
for them class [stayed] the decisive issue .

The attitude to national liberation , however , remained entirely instrumental .
the attitude to national liberation , however , [stayed] entirely instrumental .

Support for the Irish as a means to liberate the English remained consistent .
support for the irish as a means to liberate the english [stayed] consistent .

Only the intelligentsia remained loyal to the idea of an independent Poland .
only the intelligentsia [stayed] loyal to the idea of an independent poland .

Only the intelligentsia remained loyal , but their social importance was far too slight for the task of achieving an independent Poland .
only the intelligentsia [stayed] loyal , but their social importance was far too slight for the task of achieving an independent poland .

The line remained Lenin 's , but the arguments had become something quite different .
the line [stayed] lenin 's , but the arguments had become something quite different .

As we have seen , German arms achieved a separate Polish State which remained after the end of the war and the evacuation of the German armies .
as we have seen , german arms achieved a separate polish state which [stayed] after the end of the war and the evacuation of the german armies .

The Georgian case was as close as could be to straight annexation , without the pretext of disorder ( although the Turkish army remained an important threat ) .
the georgian case was as close as could be to straight annexation , without the pretext of disorder ( although the turkish army [stayed] an important threat ) .

But there were still plenty of forces in the Party that remained ambiguous or hostile .
but there were still plenty of forces in the party that [stayed] ambiguous or hostile .

The instrument of war was the national State and it mattered little whether that State was called the beachhead of a world working class or simply an ordinary republic : the disciplines remained the same .
the instrument of war was the national state and it mattered little whether that state was called the beachhead of a world working class or simply an ordinary republic : the disciplines [stayed] the same .

The peace treaty ending the First World War remained unsigned by Germany six months after the eleventh hour of the eleventh day in the eleventh month of 1918 .
the peace treaty ending the first world war [stayed] unsigned by germany six months after the eleventh hour of the eleventh day in the eleventh month of 1918 .

It used to form part of a larger circle , probably Neolithic , and up until fairly recent times , four upright stones remained .
it used to form part of a larger circle , probably neolithic , and up until fairly recent times , four upright stones [stayed] .

Moorlands , mountains and hills crowded round on every side ; seas shimmered azure , emerald , green and blue in August sunlight ; the scent of peat smoke filled the air and we drove through a landscape that had remained almost unchanged for a thousand years .
moorlands , mountains and hills crowded round on every side ; seas shimmered azure , emerald , green and blue in august sunlight ; the scent of peat smoke filled the air and we drove through a landscape that had [stayed] almost unchanged for a thousand years .

Neil MacEachan , a school teacher from the village of Howbeg on South Uist , remained with Prince Charles throughout all his subsequent adventures and wanderings in Scotland ; and he accompanied Charles Edward on the final escape to France .
neil maceachan , a school teacher from the village of howbeg on south uist , [stayed] with prince charles throughout all his subsequent adventures and wanderings in scotland ; and he accompanied charles edward on the final escape to france .

In spite of all my best efforts , they remained in their domain , although Blair caught two ; but just seeing them , and just being there , was reward enough .
in spite of all my best efforts , they [stayed] in their domain , although blair caught two ; but just seeing them , and just being there , was reward enough .

However , the next owner dismantled the walls in 1685 , since when it has remained in a state of decay .
however , the next owner dismantled the walls in 1685 , since when it has [stayed] in a state of decay .

This hidden wonderland , sculptured in darkness absolute , remained unseen and unsuspected through the ages until the present century when men first ventured into rifts in the ground and beheld in the light of torches an amazing display of sculptured limestone in patterns both incredibly delicate and massive , a living museum of art in many forms .
this hidden wonderland , sculptured in darkness absolute , [stayed] unseen and unsuspected through the ages until the present century when men first ventured into rifts in the ground and beheld in the light of torches an amazing display of sculptured limestone in patterns both incredibly delicate and massive , a living museum of art in many forms .

At that time the settlement of Cape Town , which had been just a small staging post on the voyage between the Netherlands and the East Indies , was beginning to grow , but although the English had occupied the Cape in 1806 , the white population remained mainly Dutch until the arrival of many new settlers from Britain in 1820 .
at that time the settlement of cape town , which had been just a small staging post on the voyage between the netherlands and the east indies , was beginning to grow , but although the english had occupied the cape in 1806 , the white population [stayed] mainly dutch until the arrival of many new settlers from britain in 1820 .

When Court Treatt returned to Cape Town , Herbert remained in London to organize supplies , including petrol , which had to be delivered along the route , then a wilderness without roads or bridges .
when court treatt returned to cape town , herbert [stayed] in london to organize supplies , including petrol , which had to be delivered along the route , then a wilderness without roads or bridges .

The ox remained the chief means of transport , Rustenburg had been built
the ox [stayed] the chief means of transport , rustenburg had been built

If his parents had not separated , and if they had remained living in Rustenburg ( two big ifs , not necessarily related ) , it is likely that we should never have heard of John Cranko .
if his parents had not separated , and if they had [stayed] living in rustenburg ( two big ifs , not necessarily related ) , it is likely that we should never have heard of john cranko .

The spelling is frequently eccentric , and remained so all his life , although he read widely and voraciously .
the spelling is frequently eccentric , and [stayed] so all his life , although he read widely and voraciously .

So much so that , although it had not been mentioned at all in the advance publicity , it was given no fewer than 87 times that season and remained in the programmes for the next six seasons , by which time the company had danced it more often than any other work in their repertory except Les Sylphides and two of Ashton 's ballets , Façade and Les Rendezvous .
so much so that , although it had not been mentioned at all in the advance publicity , it was given no fewer than 87 times that season and [stayed] in the programmes for the next six seasons , by which time the company had danced it more often than any other work in their repertory except les sylphides and two of ashton 's ballets , façade and les rendezvous .

While he provided a remarkably accurate description of the development of the chick , he remained convinced , against his own evidence , that the embryo was present before the egg was laid .
while he provided a remarkably accurate description of the development of the chick , he [stayed] convinced , against his own evidence , that the embryo was present before the egg was laid .

Well into modern times the major wetlands of England remained undrained : the Vale of York , the fens around the Humber , the Essex marshes , the Lancashire mosses , Romney Marsh , the Severn lowlands , the Somerset Levels , and , above all , the ‘ Great Level ’ of the Fens .
well into modern times the major wetlands of england [stayed] undrained : the vale of york , the fens around the humber , the essex marshes , the lancashire mosses , romney marsh , the severn lowlands , the somerset levels , and , above all , the ‘ great level ’ of the fens .

The people remained as uncontrollable as the waters , burning down the Dutch settlement at Sandtoft during the Civil War and again in 1688 .
the people [stayed] as uncontrollable as the waters , burning down the dutch settlement at sandtoft during the civil war and again in 1688 .

The finest prize for the reclaimers remained the Great Level .
the finest prize for the reclaimers [stayed] the great level .

In 1922 Sidney Webb wrote that the lords of the level of Romney Marsh , who had inspired the founding of the courts of sewers in 1258 , still remained unreformed themselves , an ancient relic of pre-statutory local government .
in 1922 sidney webb wrote that the lords of the level of romney marsh , who had inspired the founding of the courts of sewers in 1258 , still [stayed] unreformed themselves , an ancient relic of pre-statutory local government .

Government offered a 50 per cent grant for such work , which remained in force after the War .
government offered a 50 per cent grant for such work , which [stayed] in force after the war .

Our era was ushered in with a reminder that the flood remained not entirely tamed .
our era was ushered in with a reminder that the flood [stayed] not entirely tamed .

At one point , the original river bank , shored up by wire and stone , remained the only still point , actually down the centre of the fast-moving Trannon , so that it was a job to guess whether the buckling gabions had belonged originally to the left or to the right .
at one point , the original river bank , shored up by wire and stone , [stayed] the only still point , actually down the centre of the fast-moving trannon , so that it was a job to guess whether the buckling gabions had belonged originally to the left or to the right .

It must introduce new concepts , whether in mathematics , geography , physics or literature , concepts that are unfamiliar , and would have remained unknown to a child who had not been to school .
it must introduce new concepts , whether in mathematics , geography , physics or literature , concepts that are unfamiliar , and would have [stayed] unknown to a child who had not been to school .

But the shape , who was now revealed to be an amiable-looking man of about thirty , remained silent .
but the shape , who was now revealed to be an amiable-looking man of about thirty , [stayed] silent .

The apparent disadvantage of the scheme — the fact that he was going to end up poisoning not only Elinor and Donald but also most of the inhabitants of Maple Drive , including what remained of Donald 's family ( Arfur was notoriously fond of ‘ Daddy 's ‘ Ine ’ ) was outweighed by its brilliantly direct character .
the apparent disadvantage of the scheme — the fact that he was going to end up poisoning not only elinor and donald but also most of the inhabitants of maple drive , including what [stayed] of donald 's family ( arfur was notoriously fond of ‘ daddy 's ‘ ine ’ ) was outweighed by its brilliantly direct character .

Her family remained totally supportive , and Dawn was beginning to enjoy a full social life again .
her family [stayed] totally supportive , and dawn was beginning to enjoy a full social life again .

The doctors diagnosed that he had probably had a left-sided embolic stroke , and decided that he did not need surgery , so he was treated on the medical ward , where he remained for about seven months .
the doctors diagnosed that he had probably had a left-sided embolic stroke , and decided that he did not need surgery , so he was treated on the medical ward , where he [stayed] for about seven months .

After the operation , Rose remained in the hospital for four months .
after the operation , rose [stayed] in the hospital for four months .

Her family remained supportive , despite the emotional load : they remained hopeful that Rose would one day regain the motivation to try to help herself , and therefore the people around her .
her family [stayed] supportive , despite the emotional load : they [stayed] hopeful that rose would one day regain the motivation to try to help herself , and therefore the people around her .

Although his mother remained upset about the accident , and was naturally more protective of him , his father took the view that if Guy did not perceive himself as disabled , nobody else would , and this proved to be the case .
although his mother [stayed] upset about the accident , and was naturally more protective of him , his father took the view that if guy did not perceive himself as disabled , nobody else would , and this proved to be the case .

However , he took care to control it , monitoring his own drugs , and remained optimistic that this problem too would recede with time .
however , he took care to control it , monitoring his own drugs , and [stayed] optimistic that this problem too would recede with time .

She remained conscious , but became increasingly disorientated , losing all awareness of where she was or what was happening to her .
she [stayed] conscious , but became increasingly disorientated , losing all awareness of where she was or what was happening to her .

Generally , Esther remained optimistic .
generally , esther [stayed] optimistic .

He was immediately seized and thrown into prison , where he remained in chains for a further seventeen years , finally falling sick and dying before a suddenly contrite Alfonso could order his chains removed .
he was immediately seized and thrown into prison , where he [stayed] in chains for a further seventeen years , finally falling sick and dying before a suddenly contrite alfonso could order his chains removed .

He chose to do nothing , and for a time remained in a distant castle as a virtual prisoner of conscience .
he chose to do nothing , and for a time [stayed] in a distant castle as a virtual prisoner of conscience .

In the fighting which ensued , Rodrigo 's son Diego was slain , fighting alongside Alfonso , El Cid having remained in Valencia waiting for an attack which never came .
in the fighting which ensued , rodrigo 's son diego was slain , fighting alongside alfonso , el cid having [stayed] in valencia waiting for an attack which never came .

And the body of the Cid was prepared after this manner : first it was embalmed and anointed as the history hath already recounted , and the virtue of the balsam and myrrh was such that the flesh remained firm and fair , having its natural colour , and his countenance as it was wont to be , and the eyes open , and his long beard in order , so that there was not a man who would have thought him dead if he had seen him and not known it .
and the body of the cid was prepared after this manner : first it was embalmed and anointed as the history hath already recounted , and the virtue of the balsam and myrrh was such that the flesh [stayed] firm and fair , having its natural colour , and his countenance as it was wont to be , and the eyes open , and his long beard in order , so that there was not a man who would have thought him dead if he had seen him and not known it .

Towards the close of the twelfth century the pike was used to counter cavalry charges , and remained in use in various forms until as late as the eighteenth century .
towards the close of the twelfth century the pike was used to counter cavalry charges , and [stayed] in use in various forms until as late as the eighteenth century .

Showing no emotion , he remained only a few minutes before turning away .
showing no emotion , he [stayed] only a few minutes before turning away .

It says much for the two ladies , and the parents of Thrush Green , that the little house remained safe from children 's assaults , despite temptation .
it says much for the two ladies , and the parents of thrush green , that the little house [stayed] safe from children 's assaults , despite temptation .

Their eyes remained appraisingly upon the gleaming little dish .
their eyes [stayed] appraisingly upon the gleaming little dish .

Edward and Joan Young remained on excellent terms with John and Ruth Lovell , the two sisters meeting almost daily .
edward and joan young [stayed] on excellent terms with john and ruth lovell , the two sisters meeting almost daily .

She was lucky , she realised , that her financial situation remained much as it was in Donald 's life time .
she was lucky , she realised , that her financial situation [stayed] much as it was in donald 's life time .

The garden was overgrown , but the shape of submerged flower beds could still be seen , and the minute spears upthrusting by the house wall showed where there remained a clump of snowdrops .
the garden was overgrown , but the shape of submerged flower beds could still be seen , and the minute spears upthrusting by the house wall showed where there [stayed] a clump of snowdrops .

So long as no viable cause for continental drift could be demonstrated , however , belief in it remained an act of faith .
so long as no viable cause for continental drift could be demonstrated , however , belief in it [stayed] an act of faith .

They remained , therefore , on the outskirts of the town , until , terrified of being crushed by the mob , they decided to seek refuge in the open fields , but they had hardly agreed on this when fresh ash clouds , denser than ever , overwhelmed them and brought total darkness .
they [stayed] , therefore , on the outskirts of the town , until , terrified of being crushed by the mob , they decided to seek refuge in the open fields , but they had hardly agreed on this when fresh ash clouds , denser than ever , overwhelmed them and brought total darkness .

3 ] Where once the smooth cone of Vesuvius had risen , only a shattered stump now remained ; where once there had been fields and vineyards and all the normal clutter of the countryside there now stretched a silent grey carpet of ash , mantling everything like a thick , dirty snowfall .
3 ] where once the smooth cone of vesuvius had risen , only a shattered stump now [stayed] ; where once there had been fields and vineyards and all the normal clutter of the countryside there now stretched a silent grey carpet of ash , mantling everything like a thick , dirty snowfall .

So completely was it abandoned that with the passage of time , and the weathering away of what little remained of it , its location was forgotten , although the facts of its existence and its fate were widely known .
so completely was it abandoned that with the passage of time , and the weathering away of what little [stayed] of it , its location was forgotten , although the facts of its existence and its fate were widely known .

Not a vestige remained of the cone Perboewetan , and the whole of the northern part of the cone Rakata had been blown away , leaving a semi-vertical vertical cliff .
not a vestige [stayed] of the cone perboewetan , and the whole of the northern part of the cone rakata had been blown away , leaving a semi-vertical vertical cliff .

Not a trace remained .
not a trace [stayed] .

Thirty workmen died in the factory , of which nothing remained but a tall chimney stack , sticking up like a post above a desert of black boiling and seething mud .
thirty workmen died in the factory , of which nothing [stayed] but a tall chimney stack , sticking up like a post above a desert of black boiling and seething mud .

The prisoner , a negro stevedore called Augustus Ciparis , remained locked up in his cell for four days after St Pierre had been laid waste , without food , half-dead from burns and shock , until his cries for help were heard by two negroes picking through the ruins of the town .
the prisoner , a negro stevedore called augustus ciparis , [stayed] locked up in his cell for four days after st pierre had been laid waste , without food , half-dead from burns and shock , until his cries for help were heard by two negroes picking through the ruins of the town .

Within a few months of reaching its greatest height , nothing remained of it but a heap of rubble .
within a few months of reaching its greatest height , nothing [stayed] of it but a heap of rubble .

These bombs were produced when lumps of viscous , gas-rich lava were ejected from the vent ; the outer surface of the lump chilled quickly , forming the glassy crust , but the inside remained hot , and the gas trapped within it continued to come out of solution and to expand , forming a spongy mass of vesicles .
these bombs were produced when lumps of viscous , gas-rich lava were ejected from the vent ; the outer surface of the lump chilled quickly , forming the glassy crust , but the inside [stayed] hot , and the gas trapped within it continued to come out of solution and to expand , forming a spongy mass of vesicles .

For a few anxious moments Franco thought he was dead but he came round within a minute or so although he remained in a semi-conscious state .
for a few anxious moments franco thought he was dead but he came round within a minute or so although he [stayed] in a semi-conscious state .

Throughout his career he remained sensitive to criticism which suggested that his view of the world was consistently , unrelievedly and unjustifiably pessimistic , especially after the war which he had found profoundly depressing .
throughout his career he [stayed] sensitive to criticism which suggested that his view of the world was consistently , unrelievedly and unjustifiably pessimistic , especially after the war which he had found profoundly depressing .

Yosemite followed in 1890 , but one of the wonders of the natural world remained fairly remote from the public until the turn of the century — the Grand Canyon was not made a National Park until 1906 .
yosemite followed in 1890 , but one of the wonders of the natural world [stayed] fairly remote from the public until the turn of the century — the grand canyon was not made a national park until 1906 .

They even found them in Britain , and Bath remained a watering place for centuries .
they even found them in britain , and bath [stayed] a watering place for centuries .

The basic framework of society in Mesopotamia remained the same for 2,000 years or more , but at different times Sumerians , Babylonians , and Assyrians were dominant and the order of society was far less static than in Egypt .
the basic framework of society in mesopotamia [stayed] the same for 2,000 years or more , but at different times sumerians , babylonians , and assyrians were dominant and the order of society was far less static than in egypt .

Even after he had ceased to be a Neoplatonist , St Augustine remained very much under the influence of Plato 's philosophical ideas , in particular those concerning time .
even after he had ceased to be a neoplatonist , st augustine [stayed] very much under the influence of plato 's philosophical ideas , in particular those concerning time .

When the first European missionaries came to China in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries no trace remained of the heavenly clockwork of five hundred years earlier .
when the first european missionaries came to china in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries no trace [stayed] of the heavenly clockwork of five hundred years earlier .

Classic Maya civilization appears to have collapsed some 600 years before the Spanish conquest of Central America , but even if it had survived it seems inevitable that the Maya obsession with time would have remained a historical curiosity with no influence on the modern world .
classic maya civilization appears to have collapsed some 600 years before the spanish conquest of central america , but even if it had survived it seems inevitable that the maya obsession with time would have [stayed] a historical curiosity with no influence on the modern world .

Despite the invention of the mechanical clock , for most people time remained uneven in quality .
despite the invention of the mechanical clock , for most people time [stayed] uneven in quality .

None of them , of course , anticipated the scale of the problems which were caused by the slump and collapse of much of what remained of inner urban manufacturing industry in the early 1980s .
none of them , of course , anticipated the scale of the problems which were caused by the slump and collapse of much of what [stayed] of inner urban manufacturing industry in the early 1980s .

Some aspects of its proposals for reforming the police and rethinking police tactics were implemented during 1982 and 1983 , but evidence of the ‘ urgent action ’ which it called for in other areas remained difficult to find .
some aspects of its proposals for reforming the police and rethinking police tactics were implemented during 1982 and 1983 , but evidence of the ‘ urgent action ’ which it called for in other areas [stayed] difficult to find .

It remained his belief , though , that a firm grasp of wider realities would serve him well .
it [stayed] his belief , though , that a firm grasp of wider realities would serve him well .

He trained as a teenager to be a file forger and was employed by Messrs Cammell and Johnson in Furnival Street , but his first passion remained cricket .
he trained as a teenager to be a file forger and was employed by messrs cammell and johnson in furnival street , but his first passion [stayed] cricket .

He remained with the Casuals as an administrator , successively secretary , chairman and a vice-president , and during this time did much to foster the club 's strong involvement with schools ' soccer .
he [stayed] with the casuals as an administrator , successively secretary , chairman and a vice-president , and during this time did much to foster the club 's strong involvement with schools ' soccer .

So life remained much as before ; the sister , odd guardian of Rubberneck .
so life [stayed] much as before ; the sister , odd guardian of rubberneck .

While some have remained as classic standards , plenty have been forgotten altogether .
while some have [stayed] as classic standards , plenty have been forgotten altogether .

Cirencester and most of the Cotswolds remained in Royalist hands until 1645 .
cirencester and most of the cotswolds [stayed] in royalist hands until 1645 .

Neil Kinnock has remained loyal to the lovely Glenys since their far-off student days .
neil kinnock has [stayed] loyal to the lovely glenys since their far-off student days .

The children remained preoccupied by their loss and would continue to cry from time to time , but in an increasingly hopeless and dejected way .
the children [stayed] preoccupied by their loss and would continue to cry from time to time , but in an increasingly hopeless and dejected way .

Any anger about Clive 's absences and frequent lateness remained firmly repressed .
any anger about clive 's absences and frequent lateness [stayed] firmly repressed .

Derek remained confused .
derek [stayed] confused .

There was much truth in this accusation , as he remained obsessed by his inner confusion and disturbing half-memories .
there was much truth in this accusation , as he [stayed] obsessed by his inner confusion and disturbing half-memories .

Emily Tranter remained silently resentful of her husband 's control of money and all major decisions for over fifteen years .
emily tranter [stayed] silently resentful of her husband 's control of money and all major decisions for over fifteen years .

His own mother had been , and to some extent remained , an intrusive presence in his life , and he had started to shut her out by keeping busy and doing everything for himself .
his own mother had been , and to some extent [stayed] , an intrusive presence in his life , and he had started to shut her out by keeping busy and doing everything for himself .

When Kalchu brought it fresh hay and water and even maize porridge it remained aloof and indifferent .
when kalchu brought it fresh hay and water and even maize porridge it [stayed] aloof and indifferent .

From the height of the rooftop they could see right over to the Kālādika , where one patch of sunset still remained , splashed across the sky , like a spilled pot of paint .
from the height of the rooftop they could see right over to the kālādika , where one patch of sunset still [stayed] , splashed across the sky , like a spilled pot of paint .

The dogs that remained seemed more contented , better fed , and presented a less impenetrable front of barking to strangers passing through .
the dogs that [stayed] seemed more contented , better fed , and presented a less impenetrable front of barking to strangers passing through .

Despite these house price rises , housing conditions in Manchester remained poor with almost 30 per cent lacking exclusive plumbing facilities .
despite these house price rises , housing conditions in manchester [stayed] poor with almost 30 per cent lacking exclusive plumbing facilities .

So long as the Old Pretender remained at large an invasion of England or Scotland continued to be an ever-present possibility .
so long as the old pretender [stayed] at large an invasion of england or scotland continued to be an ever-present possibility .

Even after two Jacobite invasions had failed the Highlands remained in a more or less permanent state of lawlessness .
even after two jacobite invasions had failed the highlands [stayed] in a more or less permanent state of lawlessness .

While Charles remained , apparently inactive , at Edinburgh , the British government was making vigorous preparations to give him a warm reception when , as expected , he advanced into England .
while charles [stayed] , apparently inactive , at edinburgh , the british government was making vigorous preparations to give him a warm reception when , as expected , he advanced into england .

His complacency remained unshaken when , on Thursday 17 January 1746 , having advanced from Edinburgh towards Stirling he found that the rebels , far from fleeing , had moved forward to meet him at Falkirk , a small town about ten miles [ 16 km ] to the south-east .
his complacency [stayed] unshaken when , on thursday 17 january 1746 , having advanced from edinburgh towards stirling he found that the rebels , far from fleeing , had moved forward to meet him at falkirk , a small town about ten miles [ 16 km ] to the south-east .

When France declared war on England , on 17 June 1778 , Jones remained unemployed and he also managed to fall out with his own crew who , in a petition , called ‘ his temper and treatment [ of them ] insufferable ’ .
when france declared war on england , on 17 june 1778 , jones [stayed] unemployed and he also managed to fall out with his own crew who , in a petition , called ‘ his temper and treatment [ of them ] insufferable ’ .

As it happened , re-emigration was a non-starter , but it remained government policy and , until the war , it was seen as the only long-term solution to the refugee problem .
as it happened , re-emigration was a non-starter , but it [stayed] government policy and , until the war , it was seen as the only long-term solution to the refugee problem .

The longer the older teenagers remained at Dovercourt , the more dissatisfied they became and the more difficult to control .
the longer the older teenagers [stayed] at dovercourt , the more dissatisfied they became and the more difficult to control .

Yet , throughout , re-emigration remained the official policy .
yet , throughout , re-emigration [stayed] the official policy .

The remainder either remained in Australia for vital war work or joined the labour units of the Australian army .
the remainder either [stayed] in australia for vital war work or joined the labour units of the australian army .

The official view remained faithful to the spirit of a memorandum issued to the internment tribunals in 1939 :
the official view [stayed] faithful to the spirit of a memorandum issued to the internment tribunals in 1939 :

As some people join , others leave so that even though the total number of unemployed may have remained unchanged from one month to the next , the composition of that unemployment may have changed considerably .
as some people join , others leave so that even though the total number of unemployed may have [stayed] unchanged from one month to the next , the composition of that unemployment may have changed considerably .

Aabida continued pouring water into various containers at teacher 's suggestion , but remained convinced that a taller container held more water than a shorter , fatter one .
aabida continued pouring water into various containers at teacher 's suggestion , but [stayed] convinced that a taller container held more water than a shorter , fatter one .

It is interesting to note that although cost benefit has undoubtedly remained attractive to local authorities operating in difficult financial circumstances , evaluation theory has long recognized that cost benefit analysis can not be applied uniformly :
it is interesting to note that although cost benefit has undoubtedly [stayed] attractive to local authorities operating in difficult financial circumstances , evaluation theory has long recognized that cost benefit analysis can not be applied uniformly :

After the first partition of Poland in 1772 Danzig remained independent but tied to what remained of the Polish state by trade and treaty .
after the first partition of poland in 1772 danzig [stayed] independent but tied to what [stayed] of the polish state by trade and treaty .

Within 20 years the Prussians had ruined what remained of Danzig 's grain trade and the population of the city had plummeted to what it had been at the end of the fourteenth century .
within 20 years the prussians had ruined what [stayed] of danzig 's grain trade and the population of the city had plummeted to what it had been at the end of the fourteenth century .

While industrialisation and capitalist economics had advanced into the Vistula delta region , into Central Poland , Russia and the western regions of Germany , the Junkers had remained fixed in a stubbornly feudal corner of the world .
while industrialisation and capitalist economics had advanced into the vistula delta region , into central poland , russia and the western regions of germany , the junkers had [stayed] fixed in a stubbornly feudal corner of the world .

Kaszubia , even if it was under constant German pressure , remained an identifiable area of Slav settlement centred on Kartuzy ( Karthaus ) and covering the northern edge of the Tuchler Heide ( Bory Tucholskie ) , present day Chojnice ( Könitz ) and Tuchola ( Tuchel ) , Kościerzyna , Bytów ( Bütow ) , Wejherowo and Puck ( Putzig ) .
kaszubia , even if it was under constant german pressure , [stayed] an identifiable area of slav settlement centred on kartuzy ( karthaus ) and covering the northern edge of the tuchler heide ( bory tucholskie ) , present day chojnice ( könitz ) and tuchola ( tuchel ) , kościerzyna , bytów ( bütow ) , wejherowo and puck ( putzig ) .

For all the surface change that accompanied the industrialisation of Prussian and German society the social and political pressures that emanated from the Junkers on these issues remained uniform and constant .
for all the surface change that accompanied the industrialisation of prussian and german society the social and political pressures that emanated from the junkers on these issues [stayed] uniform and constant .

While Germany as a whole might well be described as a capitalist state with feudal trimmings , Pomerania and the long arm of East Prussia remained feudal with modest capitalist trimmings .
while germany as a whole might well be described as a capitalist state with feudal trimmings , pomerania and the long arm of east prussia [stayed] feudal with modest capitalist trimmings .

The Allies remained unmoved .
the allies [stayed] unmoved .

While Danzigers remained unimpressed by Polish historical claims , Germany , too , longed to deny sovereignty , but found it more convenient in practice to encourage notions of the Free City 's independence , since this discomfited the Poles without direct confrontation .
while danzigers [stayed] unimpressed by polish historical claims , germany , too , longed to deny sovereignty , but found it more convenient in practice to encourage notions of the free city 's independence , since this discomfited the poles without direct confrontation .

His hand moved to his chest and felt the nipples intact but saliva like blood drying quickly , only the throbbing tenderness remained .
his hand moved to his chest and felt the nipples intact but saliva like blood drying quickly , only the throbbing tenderness [stayed] .

He was beginning to feel that it may have been a mistake , it may have been wiser to have remained elsewhere .
he was beginning to feel that it may have been a mistake , it may have been wiser to have [stayed] elsewhere .

The few that remained squatted out in the open or tucked themselves into tiny holes , often with their hindquarters clearly visible .
the few that [stayed] squatted out in the open or tucked themselves into tiny holes , often with their hindquarters clearly visible .

One day the fire remained unlit because every member of the Hauxwell family was stricken with flu and unable to move .
one day the fire [stayed] unlit because every member of the hauxwell family was stricken with flu and unable to move .

Cottle might have remained in the Foreign Office as a Balkan expert .
cottle might have [stayed] in the foreign office as a balkan expert .

It lacked , however , Tree 's own personal papers and correspondence which remained in the possession of Lady Cory-Wright .
it lacked , however , tree 's own personal papers and correspondence which [stayed] in the possession of lady cory-wright .

That extra-strong attachment for Mum remained until the end of our mother 's life , at the age of eighty-two .
that extra-strong attachment for mum [stayed] until the end of our mother 's life , at the age of eighty-two .

Sadly , Cant 's Broadway dream remained unfulfilled .
sadly , cant 's broadway dream [stayed] unfulfilled .

Those responsible for the smear campaign were the self-centred old soaks who thought Punch should have remained a gentleman 's club for geriatric minds , a sort of glossy version of Alzheimer 's disease .
those responsible for the smear campaign were the self-centred old soaks who thought punch should have [stayed] a gentleman 's club for geriatric minds , a sort of glossy version of alzheimer 's disease .

Each person referred , even if he or she remained at home , was allocated to either the community psychiatric nurse or the social worker ( as key worker ) ; their case was reviewed by the team every six weeks , and was never closed , except by death or removal from the area .
each person referred , even if he or she [stayed] at home , was allocated to either the community psychiatric nurse or the social worker ( as key worker ) ; their case was reviewed by the team every six weeks , and was never closed , except by death or removal from the area .

Again , with a further five clients who remained at home for a while , the Ipswich development officer felt she could have continued home support but was overruled by others who preferred institutional care .
again , with a further five clients who [stayed] at home for a while , the ipswich development officer felt she could have continued home support but was overruled by others who preferred institutional care .

In the event there remained only a very few clients with a need for care beyond normal services .
in the event there [stayed] only a very few clients with a need for care beyond normal services .

In each place nine clients remained as open cases , but only two in Ipswich and three in Newham were receiving support worker help ( the remainder were being regularly monitored ) .
in each place nine clients [stayed] as open cases , but only two in ipswich and three in newham were receiving support worker help ( the remainder were being regularly monitored ) .

Each table excludes not only any clients who died or moved out of the area before the periods ended ( for whom there was no difference between action and control samples ) , but also all those who at referral went straight into ( or remained in ) institutional care .
each table excludes not only any clients who died or moved out of the area before the periods ended ( for whom there was no difference between action and control samples ) , but also all those who at referral went straight into ( or [stayed] in ) institutional care .

The development officer said she felt the project had been unable to help much , because of the attitude of the relatives ; the principal carer had not been relieved in any way , and therefore her preference for institutional care ( without the ability to make it happen ) remained .
the development officer said she felt the project had been unable to help much , because of the attitude of the relatives ; the principal carer had not been relieved in any way , and therefore her preference for institutional care ( without the ability to make it happen ) [stayed] .

Numbers are very small , and of course tabular data are only an extremely crude summary of a very complex range of feelings ; however ( excluding those whose attitudes were not known or impossible to summarise ) , it appears that three carers in the action samples felt the strain had lightened , four that it had remained the same and five that it had worsened .
numbers are very small , and of course tabular data are only an extremely crude summary of a very complex range of feelings ; however ( excluding those whose attitudes were not known or impossible to summarise ) , it appears that three carers in the action samples felt the strain had lightened , four that it had [stayed] the same and five that it had worsened .

In the control samples no one said the strain had lightened , five that it had remained the same , and six that it had worsened .
in the control samples no one said the strain had lightened , five that it had [stayed] the same , and six that it had worsened .

Gradually the type became fixed as black and polled , though the red recessive gene remained within the breed ; a herdbook was established in 1862 , initially including the polled Galloway , and by 1867 the breed was officially known as the Aberdeen Angus .
gradually the type became fixed as black and polled , though the red recessive gene [stayed] within the breed ; a herdbook was established in 1862 , initially including the polled galloway , and by 1867 the breed was officially known as the aberdeen angus .

In Britain the type remained dual-purpose in common with other European black-and-whites for many years , as a pied animal with white switch and stockings , and there is also a recessive red .
in britain the type [stayed] dual-purpose in common with other european black-and-whites for many years , as a pied animal with white switch and stockings , and there is also a recessive red .

However , during the eighteenth century it came into competition with the Longhorns and Shorthorns and by 1790 very few pure Gloucester herds remained .
however , during the eighteenth century it came into competition with the longhorns and shorthorns and by 1790 very few pure gloucester herds [stayed] .

The Devon herd , however , remained well known throughout the nineteenth century .
the devon herd , however , [stayed] well known throughout the nineteenth century .

But , like its relatives in Devon , the Sussex has remained largely confined to its own region in spite of its potential , though it was at one time more widely used in several English counties as a draught animal .
but , like its relatives in devon , the sussex has [stayed] largely confined to its own region in spite of its potential , though it was at one time more widely used in several english counties as a draught animal .

By the early 1960s only two small herds of perhaps a dozen pedigree animals remained and it was from these that the society , revived yet again in 1982 and with the help of various organisations including the Rare Breeds Survival Trust , formed a new herdbook in 1983 in an attempt to save the breed from extinction .
by the early 1960s only two small herds of perhaps a dozen pedigree animals [stayed] and it was from these that the society , revived yet again in 1982 and with the help of various organisations including the rare breeds survival trust , formed a new herdbook in 1983 in an attempt to save the breed from extinction .

The white-and-red type remained unchanged for the next two centuries and it has elements of common origin with the Ayrshire of Scotland ( which is basically white with brown markings , especially on the neck and face ) .
the white-and-red type [stayed] unchanged for the next two centuries and it has elements of common origin with the ayrshire of scotland ( which is basically white with brown markings , especially on the neck and face ) .

There was some experimental crossing with Shorthorn bulls in the nineteenth century to improve its maturity rate , but it remained essentially of the group which includes Simmental , Montbéliard and Aosta cattle .
there was some experimental crossing with shorthorn bulls in the nineteenth century to improve its maturity rate , but it [stayed] essentially of the group which includes simmental , montbéliard and aosta cattle .

Over to Mary 's quarters he went , while Alice remained locked in her apartment for fear of the plague of adders which her husband assured her infested the grounds .
over to mary 's quarters he went , while alice [stayed] locked in her apartment for fear of the plague of adders which her husband assured her infested the grounds .

False rumours soon spread that Hardy had suffered a defeat and that no British Ship remained in the home waters to prevent imminent invasion .
false rumours soon spread that hardy had suffered a defeat and that no british ship [stayed] in the home waters to prevent imminent invasion .

His works remained in London , in Plymouth , in Truro , ( where he carved the Lander statue ) and in Sheffield , where his statue of Ebenezer Elliot remained a show piece .
his works [stayed] in london , in plymouth , in truro , ( where he carved the lander statue ) and in sheffield , where his statue of ebenezer elliot [stayed] a show piece .

He drank heavily and deeply , but still wine remained .
he drank heavily and deeply , but still wine [stayed] .

Although the cage remained in 1823 , Bond reported ‘ to the credit of the sex it has not been used of late years ’ .
although the cage [stayed] in 1823 , bond reported ‘ to the credit of the sex it has not been used of late years ’ .

The air and water temperature had risen since the early morning frost ; the water level and colour remained the same .
the air and water temperature had risen since the early morning frost ; the water level and colour [stayed] the same .

That structure was consolidated in the Local Government Act 1933 , under which Act it remained the system of local government until the Local Government Act 1972 .
that structure was consolidated in the local government act 1933 , under which act it [stayed] the system of local government until the local government act 1972 .

State pensions have remained fixed at subsistence levels .
state pensions have [stayed] fixed at subsistence levels .

Not surprisingly , therefore , the single person 's pension has remained at around just a fifth of average gross earnings over the whole of the post-war period .
not surprisingly , therefore , the single person 's pension has [stayed] at around just a fifth of average gross earnings over the whole of the post-war period .

Indeed , in many cases they were precisely the group targeted to carry the burden of job losses in the 1980s , and even when the economy improved they remained the group most likely to have long spells of unemployment .
indeed , in many cases they were precisely the group targeted to carry the burden of job losses in the 1980s , and even when the economy improved they [stayed] the group most likely to have long spells of unemployment .

Edwin Keith gave Bordon a handy lead with two headed goals , but a rare lapse in defence enabled Beaumont to pull one back and it remained 2–1 at the interval .
edwin keith gave bordon a handy lead with two headed goals , but a rare lapse in defence enabled beaumont to pull one back and it [stayed] 2–1 at the interval .

The Prime Minister said that it remained for him to wish his colleagues all good fortune in the difficult but hopeful situation which they had to face .
the prime minister said that it [stayed] for him to wish his colleagues all good fortune in the difficult but hopeful situation which they had to face .

His memory of this classic outbreak of overload remained green when he was compiling his memoirs six years later :
his memory of this classic outbreak of overload [stayed] green when he was compiling his memoirs six years later :

The Treasury and the Ministry of Aviation , now run by Julian Amery , Macmillan 's son-in-law , remained at loggerheads as the issue moved to full Cabinet on Guy Fawkes Day 1962 .
the treasury and the ministry of aviation , now run by julian amery , macmillan 's son-in-law , [stayed] at loggerheads as the issue moved to full cabinet on guy fawkes day 1962 .

But Wilson remained supreme at one aspect of Cabinet management and control : the art of isolating his more turbulent opponents within the government .
but wilson [stayed] supreme at one aspect of cabinet management and control : the art of isolating his more turbulent opponents within the government .

Nevertheless , Chapman remained convinced that Leeds would become ‘ as great a centre of Association Football as any city in England ’ .
nevertheless , chapman [stayed] convinced that leeds would become ‘ as great a centre of association football as any city in england ’ .

The truth about the wartime payments remained hidden with the documents , and the extent of Leeds City 's guilt ( if any ) has never been discovered .
the truth about the wartime payments [stayed] hidden with the documents , and the extent of leeds city 's guilt ( if any ) has never been discovered .

Runners-up in the League and then in the Cup — there remained only three more years for Chapman to complete his five-year plan .
runners-up in the league and then in the cup — there [stayed] only three more years for chapman to complete his five-year plan .

Only Baker and John remained as first team regulars from the pre-Chapman era , the rest having been replaced at a cost of £40,000 , the most prolific spending spree soccer had seen .
only baker and john [stayed] as first team regulars from the pre-chapman era , the rest having been replaced at a cost of £40,000 , the most prolific spending spree soccer had seen .

Although Chapman was by now a famous man , and his name was familiar to thousands who had never attended a football match , on a social level he remained as affable and unassuming as the next man .
although chapman was by now a famous man , and his name was familiar to thousands who had never attended a football match , on a social level he [stayed] as affable and unassuming as the next man .

The composition of the team remained virtually unchanged throughout the season , and its consistency was proof of the soundness of Chapman 's machine .
the composition of the team [stayed] virtually unchanged throughout the season , and its consistency was proof of the soundness of chapman 's machine .

He remained utterly fearless throughout his playing career with us , although towards the end of it he was constantly dislocating a shoulder .
he [stayed] utterly fearless throughout his playing career with us , although towards the end of it he was constantly dislocating a shoulder .

Whether the ball was over the line before it was crossed by the Newcastle inside-right , Richardson , remained a matter for argument for years after .
whether the ball was over the line before it was crossed by the newcastle inside-right , richardson , [stayed] a matter for argument for years after .

Only Sidey remained as reserve .
only sidey [stayed] as reserve .

For decades after , Walsall remained the famous name in giant-killing folklore , a kind of perverse tribute to Arsenal 's greatness , but with other , more recent , spectacular Cup exits , notably that of Leeds United at the hands of Colchester in 1971 , the Walsall ghost may finally have been laid to rest .
for decades after , walsall [stayed] the famous name in giant-killing folklore , a kind of perverse tribute to arsenal 's greatness , but with other , more recent , spectacular cup exits , notably that of leeds united at the hands of colchester in 1971 , the walsall ghost may finally have been laid to rest .

‘ Men who , under any other pair of hands , would have remained on the injured list for three or four weeks , Tom would have fit again in three or four days …
‘ men who , under any other pair of hands , would have [stayed] on the injured list for three or four weeks , tom would have fit again in three or four days …

After completing their Championship hat-trick in 1926 Huddersfield remained a strong League side for another ten years , while making a further three appearances in the Cup final .
after completing their championship hat-trick in 1926 huddersfield [stayed] a strong league side for another ten years , while making a further three appearances in the cup final .

In particular , purchase allows the possibility ( which borrowing rules out ) of in-house use of materials , which may be quite heavy ( although Brown also comments that in some university libraries 70 % of the stock has remained unused over a three-year period ) .
in particular , purchase allows the possibility ( which borrowing rules out ) of in-house use of materials , which may be quite heavy ( although brown also comments that in some university libraries 70 % of the stock has [stayed] unused over a three-year period ) .

However the track north of this point remained the preserve of single-deck cars for many years .
however the track north of this point [stayed] the preserve of single-deck cars for many years .

Unfortunately the Company failed to get Corporation sanction for this , and so the trailers remained disused in the depot until replaced by new cars 9 and 10 , built by Milnes in 1891 .
unfortunately the company failed to get corporation sanction for this , and so the trailers [stayed] disused in the depot until replaced by new cars 9 and 10 , built by milnes in 1891 .

Except 176 , the other eight care remained in service until 1960–1 , when they were broken up or used as Illuminated feature cars .
except 176 , the other eight care [stayed] in service until 1960–1 , when they were broken up or used as illuminated feature cars .

In post-war years , the Balloons remained in the war-time green livery long after the single-deckers , and it generally assumed that the 25 Coronations of 1953 were intended to replace them .
in post-war years , the balloons [stayed] in the war-time green livery long after the single-deckers , and it generally assumed that the 25 coronations of 1953 were intended to replace them .

After the route closed , the track remained intact as far as the depot , which still stored surplus seasonal cars .
after the route closed , the track [stayed] intact as far as the depot , which still stored surplus seasonal cars .

Brunel was a successful naval architect , and an outstanding builder of bridges and tunnels , to say nothing of his three great steamships , the Great Western , which sailed out of the Bristol Channel to open up the first regular passenger service between Europe and America ; the Great Britain ( see Bristol ) ; and the Great Eastern , which began its maiden voyage a few days before Brunel 's death in 1859 , and remained the largest ship afloat for nearly half a century .
brunel was a successful naval architect , and an outstanding builder of bridges and tunnels , to say nothing of his three great steamships , the great western , which sailed out of the bristol channel to open up the first regular passenger service between europe and america ; the great britain ( see bristol ) ; and the great eastern , which began its maiden voyage a few days before brunel 's death in 1859 , and [stayed] the largest ship afloat for nearly half a century .

Some of the buildings here were demolished , but what remained has been restored and is now a working museum of the industry within the Ironbridge Gorge Museum ( q.v . )
some of the buildings here were demolished , but what [stayed] has been restored and is now a working museum of the industry within the ironbridge gorge museum ( q.v . )

It replaced an earlier telegraph station built of timber on the site , and remained in use until 1847 when it was superseded by the electric telegraph and later the telephone .
it replaced an earlier telegraph station built of timber on the site , and [stayed] in use until 1847 when it was superseded by the electric telegraph and later the telephone .

This engine was originally used for pumping water out of the mine workings at Griff Colliery , Nuneaton , from 1723 , and was later moved to other sites , ending up at Hawkesbury Junction on the Coventry Canal , where it remained in use until 19 13 .
this engine was originally used for pumping water out of the mine workings at griff colliery , nuneaton , from 1723 , and was later moved to other sites , ending up at hawkesbury junction on the coventry canal , where it [stayed] in use until 19 13 .

It is the oldest Newcomen-type steam engine surviving in Britain on its original site , having been installed in 1787 to drain the colliery , and it remained in use until 1923 .
it is the oldest newcomen-type steam engine surviving in britain on its original site , having been installed in 1787 to drain the colliery , and it [stayed] in use until 1923 .

This mill remained in operation until 1971 , but the introduction of plastic bobbins killed off this local coppice industry ( see Caldbeck ) which shared the fortunes of the cotton industry in Lancashire .
this mill [stayed] in operation until 1971 , but the introduction of plastic bobbins killed off this local coppice industry ( see caldbeck ) which shared the fortunes of the cotton industry in lancashire .

Their style seems Scandinavian , and although some were rebuilt after a fire , this type of building has remained in use here since the sixteenth century for storing nets and other equipment .
their style seems scandinavian , and although some were rebuilt after a fire , this type of building has [stayed] in use here since the sixteenth century for storing nets and other equipment .

The tramway remained in operation for forty years , during which time the Haytor quarries also supplied granite for the British Museum and many other famous buildings .
the tramway [stayed] in operation for forty years , during which time the haytor quarries also supplied granite for the british museum and many other famous buildings .

The mill remained in commercial use until the Second World War .
the mill [stayed] in commercial use until the second world war .

14 : 28 , ‘ And the waters returned , and covered the chariots , and the horsemen , even all the host of Pharaoh that went in after them into the sea ; there remained not so much as one of them ’ .
14 : 28 , ‘ and the waters returned , and covered the chariots , and the horsemen , even all the host of pharaoh that went in after them into the sea ; there [stayed] not so much as one of them ’ .

4 , 1820 edition ) where he is described as having been ‘ tall and very slender ’ and ‘ as he was never seen in company , or speaking with any person , his real name and character remained enveloped in profound mystery , so that he was generally known by no other appellation than the ‘ Walking Rushlight ' ’ ' .
4 , 1820 edition ) where he is described as having been ‘ tall and very slender ’ and ‘ as he was never seen in company , or speaking with any person , his real name and character [stayed] enveloped in profound mystery , so that he was generally known by no other appellation than the ‘ walking rushlight ' ’ ' .

the opera by Niccolò Antonio Zingarelli ( 1752–1837 ) , Giulietta e Romeo , first performed at La Scala , Milan , in 1796 , and which remained popular all over the continent for almost a century .
the opera by niccolò antonio zingarelli ( 1752–1837 ) , giulietta e romeo , first performed at la scala , milan , in 1796 , and which [stayed] popular all over the continent for almost a century .

We remained like this for about a quarter of a minute .
we [stayed] like this for about a quarter of a minute .

In spite of these developments , however , the rate of growth of the environmental movement in Europe remained fairly slow until 1986 when it suddenly accelerated , apparently in response to environmental disasters such as the explosion at the Chernobyl reactor in April of the same year .
in spite of these developments , however , the rate of growth of the environmental movement in europe [stayed] fairly slow until 1986 when it suddenly accelerated , apparently in response to environmental disasters such as the explosion at the chernobyl reactor in april of the same year .

Of the rest , some were already leaving Ottery to begin their careers by the time Coleridge 's own memories began , and he grew up in the schoolmaster 's house chiefly among the younger family members who remained .
of the rest , some were already leaving ottery to begin their careers by the time coleridge 's own memories began , and he grew up in the schoolmaster 's house chiefly among the younger family members who [stayed] .

He obstinately remained there even when his anger had subsided , and read morning and evening prayers from a little shilling book he had with him , thinking at the same time ‘ with inward & gloomy satisfaction ’ how miserable his mother must be .
he obstinately [stayed] there even when his anger had subsided , and read morning and evening prayers from a little shilling book he had with him , thinking at the same time ‘ with inward & gloomy satisfaction ’ how miserable his mother must be .

But the after-effects of his experience remained with him far longer .
but the after-effects of his experience [stayed] with him far longer .

In the nine years he remained at school his closest companions were to include Bob Allen , Val le Grice , and Thomas Middleton ; but no friend proved more lasting or dependable than the gifted , tongue-tied Charles Lamb , son of a minor official at the Inner Temple .
in the nine years he [stayed] at school his closest companions were to include bob allen , val le grice , and thomas middleton ; but no friend proved more lasting or dependable than the gifted , tongue-tied charles lamb , son of a minor official at the inner temple .

The refuge of books , first discovered in his Aunt Susannah 's shop , still remained available to him in London , and by a curious accident he gained access to as many books as even he could want .
the refuge of books , first discovered in his aunt susannah 's shop , still [stayed] available to him in london , and by a curious accident he gained access to as many books as even he could want .

Coleridge 's outstanding abilities remained quite unsuspected at Christ 's Hospital until they came to the attention of the Upper Grammar School master , the Revd James Boyer , a man whose great gifts as a teacher were only exceeded by his sadistically violent temper .
coleridge 's outstanding abilities [stayed] quite unsuspected at christ 's hospital until they came to the attention of the upper grammar school master , the revd james boyer , a man whose great gifts as a teacher were only exceeded by his sadistically violent temper .

Instead , it remained a pleasing abstraction , like his fading memories of the Devon fields .
instead , it [stayed] a pleasing abstraction , like his fading memories of the devon fields .

This new assessment of his home marked an important casting off , a kind of liberation , and if in later years Ottery remained symbolically important to Coleridge , that was only because his recollections of the shaping years of childhood all seemed to gather at the town .
this new assessment of his home marked an important casting off , a kind of liberation , and if in later years ottery [stayed] symbolically important to coleridge , that was only because his recollections of the shaping years of childhood all seemed to gather at the town .

To his growing band of Cambridge friends he remained the brilliant talker and philosopher whose radical sympathies were ever more plain .
to his growing band of cambridge friends he [stayed] the brilliant talker and philosopher whose radical sympathies were ever more plain .

Eventually , submitting to James Coleridge 's persuasion and recognizing the peculiar circumstances , the authorities decided on another solution , though one of which the Coleridge family evidently remained unaware .
eventually , submitting to james coleridge 's persuasion and recognizing the peculiar circumstances , the authorities decided on another solution , though one of which the coleridge family evidently [stayed] unaware .

When Coleridge first entered the village in August 1794 , it remained the economic focus of a wide surrounding territory , and struggled , in the midst of endemic rural poverty and untamed nature , to sustain its modest version of prosperous , civilized society .
when coleridge first entered the village in august 1794 , it [stayed] the economic focus of a wide surrounding territory , and struggled , in the midst of endemic rural poverty and untamed nature , to sustain its modest version of prosperous , civilized society .

Remembered now for his friendships with Coleridge , Wordsworth , and Humphry Davy , as central to his biography was the fact recorded by his Stowey epitaph , that he remained the ‘ enlightened Friend of the Poor ’ .
remembered now for his friendships with coleridge , wordsworth , and humphry davy , as central to his biography was the fact recorded by his stowey epitaph , that he [stayed] the ‘ enlightened friend of the poor ’ .

Sea-bathing , walks on the steep coastal hills above the cottage — where Coleridge could watch the sunbeams ‘ dance , like diamonds , on the main ’ — and the continuing assurance of Sara 's love , were enough to quell any restless dissatisfaction while the last of a mild autumn remained .
sea-bathing , walks on the steep coastal hills above the cottage — where coleridge could watch the sunbeams ‘ dance , like diamonds , on the main ’ — and the continuing assurance of sara 's love , were enough to quell any restless dissatisfaction while the last of a mild autumn [stayed] .

He had asked John Prior Estlin for letters of introduction to the Unitarian ministers at Bridgwater and Taunton , and became a regular preacher in both towns for as long as he remained at Stowey .
he had asked john prior estlin for letters of introduction to the unitarian ministers at bridgwater and taunton , and became a regular preacher in both towns for as long as he [stayed] at stowey .

In the summer of 1789 , after Wordsworth had become an undergraduate at St John 's College , Cambridge , a long visit to Dorothy at their uncle 's house in Norfolk confirmed between brother and sister a profound emotional sympathy which remained with them through life , and made them certain that , one day , they wished to share a home .
in the summer of 1789 , after wordsworth had become an undergraduate at st john 's college , cambridge , a long visit to dorothy at their uncle 's house in norfolk confirmed between brother and sister a profound emotional sympathy which [stayed] with them through life , and made them certain that , one day , they wished to share a home .

Dorothy alone remained a still centre , and when in January 1795 Wordsworth was left £900 in the will of Raisley Calvert , a young friend and admirer who had died of tuberculosis , there seemed nothing further to prevent them from realizing their hopes of a life together .
dorothy alone [stayed] a still centre , and when in january 1795 wordsworth was left £900 in the will of raisley calvert , a young friend and admirer who had died of tuberculosis , there seemed nothing further to prevent them from realizing their hopes of a life together .

Some of these , Dorothy reported approvingly , remained ‘ in their wild state covered with furze and broom ’ , and reminded her of her native north country .
some of these , dorothy reported approvingly , [stayed] ‘ in their wild state covered with furze and broom ’ , and reminded her of her native north country .

Coleridge 's headlong arrival into the lives of William and Dorothy Wordsworth remained for them all a charged and exhilarating memory .
coleridge 's headlong arrival into the lives of william and dorothy wordsworth [stayed] for them all a charged and exhilarating memory .

Very quickly , however , the three young people began to exert over one another the complex mutual attraction which remained characteristic of their relationship , and more than three weeks passed before Coleridge finally set off on the road back to Stowey .
very quickly , however , the three young people began to exert over one another the complex mutual attraction which [stayed] characteristic of their relationship , and more than three weeks passed before coleridge finally set off on the road back to stowey .

While the Wordsworths began to explore a landscape which seemed , in Dorothy 's opinion , to contain everything she could want , Coleridge remained very unwillingly at home .
while the wordsworths began to explore a landscape which seemed , in dorothy 's opinion , to contain everything she could want , coleridge [stayed] very unwillingly at home .

Gossip which might have remained merely an irritation led by accident to altogether more dangerous consequences .
gossip which might have [stayed] merely an irritation led by accident to altogether more dangerous consequences .

For eleven more days Coleridge remained at Shrewsbury , elated by his sudden freedom from ‘ all pecuniary anxieties ’ , and longing to be home in Somerset .
for eleven more days coleridge [stayed] at shrewsbury , elated by his sudden freedom from ‘ all pecuniary anxieties ’ , and longing to be home in somerset .

But the poem remained unfinished , a consequence , he later said , of the vindictive ill will which Charles Lloyd had begun to show towards him , perhaps with encouragement from Robert Southey .
but the poem [stayed] unfinished , a consequence , he later said , of the vindictive ill will which charles lloyd had begun to show towards him , perhaps with encouragement from robert southey .

In the little time that remained , plans for Germany were made , and no doubt farewell visits took the three friends by now-familiar routes to the beach at Kilve , to Holford Combe and Hodder 's Combe , and far into the hills .
in the little time that [stayed] , plans for germany were made , and no doubt farewell visits took the three friends by now-familiar routes to the beach at kilve , to holford combe and hodder 's combe , and far into the hills .

As he took the road to Bridgwater with John Chester , something essential to his happiness remained behind him , both in the rich and various landscape which so closely mirrored the landscape of his mind , and in the generous steadying friendship of Tom Poole .
as he took the road to bridgwater with john chester , something essential to his happiness [stayed] behind him , both in the rich and various landscape which so closely mirrored the landscape of his mind , and in the generous steadying friendship of tom poole .

If exchange rates had remained constant , total turnover for the period would have increased by 18 per cent .
if exchange rates had [stayed] constant , total turnover for the period would have increased by 18 per cent .

Until recently , the issue of high radon concentrations in homes remained in the backgrounds in terms of broad public concern .
until recently , the issue of high radon concentrations in homes [stayed] in the backgrounds in terms of broad public concern .

The succeeding New Red deposits gradually buried a landscape broken by numerous faults , some of which remained active outlining subsiding basins that are now filled with thick Permo-Triassic sediments .
the succeeding new red deposits gradually buried a landscape broken by numerous faults , some of which [stayed] active outlining subsiding basins that are now filled with thick permo-triassic sediments .

It did not affect the sediments of the carbonate mud wedge because these remained in a submarine environment .
it did not affect the sediments of the carbonate mud wedge because these [stayed] in a submarine environment .

My father related that , when he was in the panel advising the consul Ducenius Varus , his own view prevailed , when Otacilius Catulus had instituted his daughter sole heir , left a legacy of two hundred to a freedman , and requested that he should make that over to his concubine ; and then the freedman had predeceased the testator , and the legacy to him had remained with the daughter ; that the daughter should be compelled to make over the trust to the concubine .
my father related that , when he was in the panel advising the consul ducenius varus , his own view prevailed , when otacilius catulus had instituted his daughter sole heir , left a legacy of two hundred to a freedman , and requested that he should make that over to his concubine ; and then the freedman had predeceased the testator , and the legacy to him had [stayed] with the daughter ; that the daughter should be compelled to make over the trust to the concubine .

The crucial difference is that a trust could be set up with a non-heir as trustee , whereas legacies remained always bound to the need for an heir to discharge them .
the crucial difference is that a trust could be set up with a non-heir as trustee , whereas legacies [stayed] always bound to the need for an heir to discharge them .

Yet often it can not have been the case that a recalcitrant trustee remained in possession of the property entrusted to him .
yet often it can not have been the case that a recalcitrant trustee [stayed] in possession of the property entrusted to him .

Yet how else do we explain that ( i ) differences remained between legacies and trusts ; ( ii ) the distinction between them is maintained in practically all of the texts of all jurists other than Scaevola ?
yet how else do we explain that ( i ) differences [stayed] between legacies and trusts ; ( ii ) the distinction between them is maintained in practically all of the texts of all jurists other than scaevola ?

Thiercelin remained unmoved .
thiercelin [stayed] unmoved .

The other remained where he was , awaiting his next move .
the other [stayed] where he was , awaiting his next move .

Karelius remained for a few moments gazing out into the night , taking in the mighty fires and flares , and the cries of ‘ l'Empereur ! ’ mingled occasionally with snatches from the Carmagnole , Père Duchesne , and other patriotic songs .
karelius [stayed] for a few moments gazing out into the night , taking in the mighty fires and flares , and the cries of ‘ l'empereur ! ’ mingled occasionally with snatches from the carmagnole , père duchesne , and other patriotic songs .

Thiercelin had spent what remained of the night in the chateau at Sokolnitz , a requisitioned country house which offered fair prospects of a successful defence , and reasonable comfort in the meantime .
thiercelin had spent what [stayed] of the night in the chateau at sokolnitz , a requisitioned country house which offered fair prospects of a successful defence , and reasonable comfort in the meantime .

Karelius had reached the outskirts of the village ; his mount cleared a low stone wall to land almost on top of a daring tirailleur who had remained at his post to the last .
karelius had reached the outskirts of the village ; his mount cleared a low stone wall to land almost on top of a daring tirailleur who had [stayed] at his post to the last .

Popular music 's ‘ standard hit ’ three minutes long remained the norm for nearly a century , and was only liberated by the ‘ twelve-inch single ’ .
popular music 's ‘ standard hit ’ three minutes long [stayed] the norm for nearly a century , and was only liberated by the ‘ twelve-inch single ’ .

Inexpensive conversion-kits were made available for many Edison models of phonograph , and the new ‘ four-minute ’ cylinders remained in production until 1929 .
inexpensive conversion-kits were made available for many edison models of phonograph , and the new ‘ four-minute ’ cylinders [stayed] in production until 1929 .

The ‘ Edison Voicewriter ’ machine remained in use for well over half a century ( 45 ) .
the ‘ edison voicewriter ’ machine [stayed] in use for well over half a century ( 45 ) .

This system remained until polyvinyl chloride records began to appear .
this system [stayed] until polyvinyl chloride records began to appear .

Right on the Brown Street corner was The Round of Beef public house which was closed by Eldridge Pope & Co. , the Dorchester Brewers in 1926 when it remained empty for several years .
right on the brown street corner was the round of beef public house which was closed by eldridge pope & co. , the dorchester brewers in 1926 when it [stayed] empty for several years .

In the twenties , many more people attended church and the highlight of Good Friday was the Three Hour Service of Devotion , starting at midday and finishing at three o'clock , although few of the congregation remained right throughout the service .
in the twenties , many more people attended church and the highlight of good friday was the three hour service of devotion , starting at midday and finishing at three o'clock , although few of the congregation [stayed] right throughout the service .

The major postcranial bones and smaller bones such as the vertebrae , foot bones and ribs all remained intact after six trampling events , even though the pellet completely disintegrated .
the major postcranial bones and smaller bones such as the vertebrae , foot bones and ribs all [stayed] intact after six trampling events , even though the pellet completely disintegrated .

This apparently arose because of the dryness of the site chosen ; an equivalent set left on the ground in much damper conditions disintegrated so quickly that no trace of them or their contents remained after 10 months .
this apparently arose because of the dryness of the site chosen ; an equivalent set left on the ground in much damper conditions disintegrated so quickly that no trace of them or their contents [stayed] after 10 months .

Finally , after 90 minutes tumbling with the large clasts , the postcrania fragmented still further : four out of five femora remained as chipped proximal ends ( Fig .
finally , after 90 minutes tumbling with the large clasts , the postcrania fragmented still further : four out of five femora [stayed] as chipped proximal ends ( fig .

1.9j-1 ) ; four out of five humeri remained as two distal ends ( Fig .
1.9j-1 ) ; four out of five humeri [stayed] as two distal ends ( fig .

Carriage development at Wolverton was slow by the early 1880s , vehicle size and design remained similar to that of the 1860s .
carriage development at wolverton was slow by the early 1880s , vehicle size and design [stayed] similar to that of the 1860s .

For the first few years the maximum carriage length remained at 42ft .
for the first few years the maximum carriage length [stayed] at 42ft .

Even so , the general average remained at about 60 hours per week .
even so , the general average [stayed] at about 60 hours per week .

The trailer remained a converted horse dray , but only the shafts were removed .
the trailer [stayed] a converted horse dray , but only the shafts were removed .

The Creed Street School remained in this form until 1891 , when the Headmaster 's house was pulled down and the school extended .
the creed street school [stayed] in this form until 1891 , when the headmaster 's house was pulled down and the school extended .

This school remained here until a new one was erected in Three Bush Field in 1907 .
this school [stayed] here until a new one was erected in three bush field in 1907 .

The signalman gave them the right of way simultaneously , the Bletchley train flew away and the Newport one remained at a stand with wheels spinning on the greasy rails , the Bletchley passengers waving goodbye to the fist-shaking Newport workmen .
the signalman gave them the right of way simultaneously , the bletchley train flew away and the newport one [stayed] at a stand with wheels spinning on the greasy rails , the bletchley passengers waving goodbye to the fist-shaking newport workmen .

George immediately became a fixture in the Palace side and , but for an occasional injury , he remained there for seven seasons .
george immediately became a fixture in the palace side and , but for an occasional injury , he [stayed] there for seven seasons .

Dunn remained at Selhurst Park for another four seasons and was our first-choice goalkeeper until 1936–37 .
dunn [stayed] at selhurst park for another four seasons and was our first-choice goalkeeper until 1936–37 .

Mrs Joiner 's relationship with the children was very pleasant and she remained remarkably encouraging when they were a little restless .
mrs joiner 's relationship with the children was very pleasant and she [stayed] remarkably encouraging when they were a little restless .

He remained imprisoned and untried for nearly two years , eventually being found not guilty after a trial on 28 January 1795 .
he [stayed] imprisoned and untried for nearly two years , eventually being found not guilty after a trial on 28 january 1795 .

Under the care of this gentleman he remained near a week ; when , not finding that relief he hoped for , Dr Scott was requested to assist Dr Crawford , but with no better success , for notwithstanding the united efforts of these eminent physicians , the fevers and faintings encreased [ sic ] till they ended in delirium and death on the 21st , being seventeen days after the first attack ’ .
under the care of this gentleman he [stayed] near a week ; when , not finding that relief he hoped for , dr scott was requested to assist dr crawford , but with no better success , for notwithstanding the united efforts of these eminent physicians , the fevers and faintings encreased [ sic ] till they ended in delirium and death on the 21st , being seventeen days after the first attack ’ .

It is also said that Moorcroft was shocked to find that his co-professor was wholly ignorant of all veterinary matters ; yet Moorcroft and Coleman had negotiated the terms of their joint appointment , and it is inconceivable that Moorcroft could have remained unaware of his future colleague 's lack of veterinary knowledge .
it is also said that moorcroft was shocked to find that his co-professor was wholly ignorant of all veterinary matters ; yet moorcroft and coleman had negotiated the terms of their joint appointment , and it is inconceivable that moorcroft could have [stayed] unaware of his future colleague 's lack of veterinary knowledge .

The buildings remained inadequate and the establishment was under-staffed .
the buildings [stayed] inadequate and the establishment was under-staffed .

Another discovery he claimed was that of a cure for glanders : one horse had remained ‘ cured ’ for four years after treatment with what was popularly known as ‘ Sewell 's Blue Broth ’ — three ounces of copper sulphate in a quart of water .
another discovery he claimed was that of a cure for glanders : one horse had [stayed] ‘ cured ’ for four years after treatment with what was popularly known as ‘ sewell 's blue broth ’ — three ounces of copper sulphate in a quart of water .

Education traditionally has taught , trained and certificated its own through in-house courses and Higher Education institutions and teachers ' routes to personal and professional development have remained within the educational sphere .
education traditionally has taught , trained and certificated its own through in-house courses and higher education institutions and teachers ' routes to personal and professional development have [stayed] within the educational sphere .

However , when positive judgements were made , the difference in the time to make such a judgement between the two conditions remained at just over 400 ms .
however , when positive judgements were made , the difference in the time to make such a judgement between the two conditions [stayed] at just over 400 ms .

If any ambiguity remained , either because multiple readings survived or because some anaphor had several surviving candidates , common sense inference rules were invoked to look for a causal or other link between a proposition in the current sentence and one in an earlier one .
if any ambiguity [stayed] , either because multiple readings survived or because some anaphor had several surviving candidates , common sense inference rules were invoked to look for a causal or other link between a proposition in the current sentence and one in an earlier one .

If anaphoric ambiguities still remained , a set of very general , shallow heuristics , not described here , were invoked to resolve them .
if anaphoric ambiguities still [stayed] , a set of very general , shallow heuristics , not described here , were invoked to resolve them .

Almost all the new councils soon had chief executives instead of town clerks — even if the person employed remained the same .
almost all the new councils soon had chief executives instead of town clerks — even if the person employed [stayed] the same .

But such links remained tentative and seem to have been of little relevance to policy development even if the symbolism was important .
but such links [stayed] tentative and seem to have been of little relevance to policy development even if the symbolism was important .

The argument for this is not convincing , because relations with business remained informal and instrumental and local governments were , for a time , more rather than less troublesome for the centre .
the argument for this is not convincing , because relations with business [stayed] informal and instrumental and local governments were , for a time , more rather than less troublesome for the centre .

But it has remained at levels comparable to those of the 1960s .
but it has [stayed] at levels comparable to those of the 1960s .

Council houses were sold and buses ‘ deregulated ’ ( although the housing association sector seems set to expand dramatically in the 1990s ) , but the bulk of existing public housing remained in council hands , and public transport has always been run on a semi-market basis , with the charging of fares coupled with separately identified public subsidy .
council houses were sold and buses ‘ deregulated ’ ( although the housing association sector seems set to expand dramatically in the 1990s ) , but the bulk of existing public housing [stayed] in council hands , and public transport has always been run on a semi-market basis , with the charging of fares coupled with separately identified public subsidy .

For instance , the London Borough of Southwark remained under Labour control after the May 1982 local elections , but two-thirds of the Labour councillors were new , following ‘ de-selections ’ and defections to the newly formed Social Democratic Party .
for instance , the london borough of southwark [stayed] under labour control after the may 1982 local elections , but two-thirds of the labour councillors were new , following ‘ de-selections ’ and defections to the newly formed social democratic party .

However , even when research came to recognize this exaggeration and to examine the diversity of local service provision , local politics remained shrouded in mystery .
however , even when research came to recognize this exaggeration and to examine the diversity of local service provision , local politics [stayed] shrouded in mystery .

But Ken Lomax remained completely motionless .
but ken lomax [stayed] completely motionless .

The engine cut out but the headlights remained full on .
the engine cut out but the headlights [stayed] full on .

But Jack could see real fear in Steve 's eyes , while Mr Chan remained suave , perhaps just a little politely curious .
but jack could see real fear in steve 's eyes , while mr chan [stayed] suave , perhaps just a little politely curious .

Compared with Maud she was too tall and thin , and her mouth was too wide , but she had a simple grace which remained in his memory long after her features were blurred by time .
compared with maud she was too tall and thin , and her mouth was too wide , but she had a simple grace which [stayed] in his memory long after her features were blurred by time .

But she remained amiable no matter how much she was provoked , and each day she gained a little more confidence .
but she [stayed] amiable no matter how much she was provoked , and each day she gained a little more confidence .

After Mrs Deacon 's death there was no change in the pattern of life at the rectory , and Nahum 's comforts remained the same .
after mrs deacon 's death there was no change in the pattern of life at the rectory , and nahum 's comforts [stayed] the same .

It seemed a silly thing to cheer about and Anna remained sitting on the floor until a group of older boys appeared with musical instruments which they took to a bank of seats at the far end .
it seemed a silly thing to cheer about and anna [stayed] sitting on the floor until a group of older boys appeared with musical instruments which they took to a bank of seats at the far end .

But the door remained firmly shut .
but the door [stayed] firmly shut .

The eyes remained closed .
the eyes [stayed] closed .

The observation port remained dark .
the observation port [stayed] dark .

But the observation port remained relentlessly black .
but the observation port [stayed] relentlessly black .

Switched on it remained silent , until they reached the deck .
switched on it [stayed] silent , until they reached the deck .

Only one slight query remained .
only one slight query [stayed] .

Virus F/x-01–74482 , soon referred to as , simply , the Mahon virus was , as far as she could understand , a unique example of something that up till now had only been postulated : that deep in the ocean , under the terrific pressure and in temperatures approaching absolute zero , there had remained chains of biochemicals , primitive viruses that had been part of the great ‘ organic soup ’ at the creation of life , remaining unchanged as the rest of the primordial swamp had undergone the long evolutionary journey to form all the complexities of life on earth .
virus f/x-01–74482 , soon referred to as , simply , the mahon virus was , as far as she could understand , a unique example of something that up till now had only been postulated : that deep in the ocean , under the terrific pressure and in temperatures approaching absolute zero , there had [stayed] chains of biochemicals , primitive viruses that had been part of the great ‘ organic soup ’ at the creation of life , remaining unchanged as the rest of the primordial swamp had undergone the long evolutionary journey to form all the complexities of life on earth .

The corridor remained empty , as far as she could tell .
the corridor [stayed] empty , as far as she could tell .

Now , in all Cyprus , there remained only Famagusta to recover .
now , in all cyprus , there [stayed] only famagusta to recover .

Primaflora remained standing still , although she knew she had blanched .
primaflora [stayed] standing still , although she knew she had blanched .

Long ago , the broad tactics for the next and final stage of this war had been decided ; all that remained were a host of small decisions and , of course , the normal government of his kingdom .
long ago , the broad tactics for the next and final stage of this war had been decided ; all that [stayed] were a host of small decisions and , of course , the normal government of his kingdom .

If he felt , sometimes , that he had heard too little of that interview of Primaflora 's , and that there was something of desperation now in her love-making , he did n't pursue it for once ; and even the matter of Katelina remained only as an anxiety held well in check .
if he felt , sometimes , that he had heard too little of that interview of primaflora 's , and that there was something of desperation now in her love-making , he did n't pursue it for once ; and even the matter of katelina [stayed] only as an anxiety held well in check .

Her gaze remained direct ; her body still , but the fingers between his were rigid .
her gaze [stayed] direct ; her body still , but the fingers between his were rigid .

There only remained one kind of news that could be terrible . Nicholas said , ‘ The Sultan has broken his word ? They have killed the Emperor-in-exile ? ’
there only [stayed] one kind of news that could be terrible . nicholas said , ‘ the sultan has broken his word ? they have killed the emperor-in-exile ? ’

For a moment they remained apart .
for a moment they [stayed] apart .

The procession from the Cathedral had not deserted the city but remained , silent now , on the land that lay before its main gate , its banners planted like wings about a central pavilion , its walls gold from the brazier within it .
the procession from the cathedral had not deserted the city but [stayed] , silent now , on the land that lay before its main gate , its banners planted like wings about a central pavilion , its walls gold from the brazier within it .

Nicholas remained where he was .
nicholas [stayed] where he was .

What would n't burn still remained : bare walls muffled with incongruous tapestries , flooring tamped over with carpets .
what would n't burn still [stayed] : bare walls muffled with incongruous tapestries , flooring tamped over with carpets .

Philip Pesaro had remained in Sigouri , stupefied with relief , and only briefly touched , it appeared , by Zacco 's displeasure .
philip pesaro had [stayed] in sigouri , stupefied with relief , and only briefly touched , it appeared , by zacco 's displeasure .

Assuming that Short had been playing it straight , then there remained the question of who stood to lose if Pendero won .
assuming that short had been playing it straight , then there [stayed] the question of who stood to lose if pendero won .

Karezza was the technique described in Sanskrit and Hindi sexual treatises whereby men remained with erect penises inside their partners for hours on end , without reaching a climax themselves .
karezza was the technique described in sanskrit and hindi sexual treatises whereby men [stayed] with erect penises inside their partners for hours on end , without reaching a climax themselves .

While happily pleasuring concubines for several hours , they were apparently able to sign documents brought to them and even discuss urgent matters with visitors , with only the occasional movements from down below to make sure that they remained erect in connection with the other matter to hand .
while happily pleasuring concubines for several hours , they were apparently able to sign documents brought to them and even discuss urgent matters with visitors , with only the occasional movements from down below to make sure that they [stayed] erect in connection with the other matter to hand .

On one occasion a broken length of broom handle found its way up through a perfectly innocent household accident and remained undetected until the housemaid in question went to her doctor with curious vaginal discharge .
on one occasion a broken length of broom handle found its way up through a perfectly innocent household accident and [stayed] undetected until the housemaid in question went to her doctor with curious vaginal discharge .

the device remained popular for a century after its invention , finding particular favour in France , where , according to one account , it sold so quickly at a fair in Paris that the stallholder was hustled out of town by the young men of the city who saw their favourite quarry rapidly being locked away .
the device [stayed] popular for a century after its invention , finding particular favour in france , where , according to one account , it sold so quickly at a fair in paris that the stallholder was hustled out of town by the young men of the city who saw their favourite quarry rapidly being locked away .

In spite of her enormous popularity and the huge attraction she held for men throughout her life she remained incredibly insecure .
in spite of her enormous popularity and the huge attraction she held for men throughout her life she [stayed] incredibly insecure .

Puzzle Wood is an area which has remained unaltered since it was transformed into tranquil woodland walks in the 1800 's .
puzzle wood is an area which has [stayed] unaltered since it was transformed into tranquil woodland walks in the 1800 's .

Small debtors remained those that owed less than £10 .
small debtors [stayed] those that owed less than £10 .

They remained fearful of the opening of any loophole that would more easily expose them to fraud or abuse of the credit they had extended in good faith .
they [stayed] fearful of the opening of any loophole that would more easily expose them to fraud or abuse of the credit they had extended in good faith .

If he did apply in time and gave up all to one creditor , he remained a prisoner in the rest of the actions .
if he did apply in time and gave up all to one creditor , he [stayed] a prisoner in the rest of the actions .

She chose not to reduce the scale of expenditure at Merton , which remained as high as ever throughout 1806 and 1807 , and no tradesman saw fit to say No to her .
she chose not to reduce the scale of expenditure at merton , which [stayed] as high as ever throughout 1806 and 1807 , and no tradesman saw fit to say no to her .

He would not put out of the power of his creditors the mental and literary resources which yet remained to him .
he would not put out of the power of his creditors the mental and literary resources which yet [stayed] to him .

The law , which Benjamin Haydon regarded as an enemy , remained hostile to insolvent debtors throughout this time .
the law , which benjamin haydon regarded as an enemy , [stayed] hostile to insolvent debtors throughout this time .

For a tradesman or businessman to allow himself to become over indebted to the extent of being taken to court , let alone jailed , remained a slur if not , at least temporarily , a disgrace and a mark of unreliability .
for a tradesman or businessman to allow himself to become over indebted to the extent of being taken to court , let alone jailed , [stayed] a slur if not , at least temporarily , a disgrace and a mark of unreliability .

‘ In the post-war years ’ , wrote Randolph 's son , ‘ Randolph remained for ever in debt because of his determination to live in the grand style to which he had allowed himself to become accustomed .
‘ in the post-war years ’ , wrote randolph 's son , ‘ randolph [stayed] for ever in debt because of his determination to live in the grand style to which he had allowed himself to become accustomed .

The Black Hats versus White Hats centenary match took place on May Day , Monday the 5th May 1980 , as part of a ‘ family fun day ’ , and it has remained a May Day event on alternate years since then .
the black hats versus white hats centenary match took place on may day , monday the 5th may 1980 , as part of a ‘ family fun day ’ , and it has [stayed] a may day event on alternate years since then .

It remained a circular route but the distance was shortened to about thirty-two miles ( fifty kilometres ) , virtually the same course as the present one .
it [stayed] a circular route but the distance was shortened to about thirty-two miles ( fifty kilometres ) , virtually the same course as the present one .

Together with a couple of swing boats , this was all that remained of the travelling showman 's fair that used to appear at the feast .
together with a couple of swing boats , this was all that [stayed] of the travelling showman 's fair that used to appear at the feast .

Before the new names can go in the pot , the ones that have remained in it for the two years have to come out so , after a brief introduction by the chairman of the trustees and the vicar , the three keyholders leave the room to go next door to the church where the chest is kept .
before the new names can go in the pot , the ones that have [stayed] in it for the two years have to come out so , after a brief introduction by the chairman of the trustees and the vicar , the three keyholders leave the room to go next door to the church where the chest is kept .

Dead matter was only partially decomposed and vestiges of the woody parts ( such as spores , pollen bark and twigs ) remained forming a layer of peat .
dead matter was only partially decomposed and vestiges of the woody parts ( such as spores , pollen bark and twigs ) [stayed] forming a layer of peat .

Although Mesmer 's crises have little in common with modern hypnosis and his explanation for the phenomenon was soon discredited , he did obtain cures that physicians had been unable to achieve ; so scientists and therapists remained mesmerised by the phenomenon .
although mesmer 's crises have little in common with modern hypnosis and his explanation for the phenomenon was soon discredited , he did obtain cures that physicians had been unable to achieve ; so scientists and therapists [stayed] mesmerised by the phenomenon .

Though most managers recognised the remarkable achievements of the machinists , the programmers were unhappy that blue collar workers remained in control .
though most managers recognised the remarkable achievements of the machinists , the programmers were unhappy that blue collar workers [stayed] in control .

The computer programmers , however , remained disgruntled .
the computer programmers , however , [stayed] disgruntled .

But last month , hunting by special licence was approved where too many livestock have been killed — provided that the population of wolves remained viable .
but last month , hunting by special licence was approved where too many livestock have been killed — provided that the population of wolves [stayed] viable .

Firm refusals remained in the majority , even after personal visits to owners by Pitt-Rivers ; of the dukes who owned monuments , for instance , Devonshire and Rutland consented but Marlborough , Richmond and Sutherland declined .
firm refusals [stayed] in the majority , even after personal visits to owners by pitt-rivers ; of the dukes who owned monuments , for instance , devonshire and rutland consented but marlborough , richmond and sutherland declined .

It seems that Teller remained an inexhaustible source of ideas but , as with Winston Churchill , ‘ nine out of ten of them were useless and he needed men with more judgement , even if less gifted to select the tenth idea which was often a stroke of genius ’ .
it seems that teller [stayed] an inexhaustible source of ideas but , as with winston churchill , ‘ nine out of ten of them were useless and he needed men with more judgement , even if less gifted to select the tenth idea which was often a stroke of genius ’ .

By some freak of physics or geography the warehouse he was in remained standing , and he and his mates remained unseared and intact .
by some freak of physics or geography the warehouse he was in [stayed] standing , and he and his mates [stayed] unseared and intact .

By the time Cook returned to the buffet car , MPs knew that the Commons had shunted Serpell up a rusting siding . It only remained for Terence Higgins ( Worthing ) to wrap up Serpell in moth balls , where it will remain until at least after the next election
by the time cook returned to the buffet car , mps knew that the commons had shunted serpell up a rusting siding . it only [stayed] for terence higgins ( worthing ) to wrap up serpell in moth balls , where it will remain until at least after the next election

At Slotermeer , a suburb of Amsterdam , a large park remained unfinished due to lack of funds .
at slotermeer , a suburb of amsterdam , a large park [stayed] unfinished due to lack of funds .

Until now nuclear weapons , in the West at least , have remained hidden from the public gaze , in closely guarded silos or inside aircraft and submarines .
until now nuclear weapons , in the west at least , have [stayed] hidden from the public gaze , in closely guarded silos or inside aircraft and submarines .

The classic sexually transmitted diseases , such as gonorrhoea and syphilis have remained stable since the mid 1970s .
the classic sexually transmitted diseases , such as gonorrhoea and syphilis have [stayed] stable since the mid 1970s .

The increasing prosperity of those humans that have remained in the countryside is also contributory .
the increasing prosperity of those humans that have [stayed] in the countryside is also contributory .

Scientific psychology has remained indifferent to this critique for the past 80 years .
scientific psychology has [stayed] indifferent to this critique for the past 80 years .

There remained only the four church services .
there [stayed] only the four church services .

But some remained sceptical .
but some [stayed] sceptical .

It remained for one of the great investigators of the Laboulbeniales to settle the question of their true affinities .
it [stayed] for one of the great investigators of the laboulbeniales to settle the question of their true affinities .

It remained on the ground for most of the day .
it [stayed] on the ground for most of the day .

But a few patients remained healthier a year later .
but a few patients [stayed] healthier a year later .

Nothing of the walls or vaulting remained intact , but we found the substructures to be choked with debris fallen from above , including several more pieces of the poem and various richly carved capitals , cornices , and piers .
nothing of the walls or vaulting [stayed] intact , but we found the substructures to be choked with debris fallen from above , including several more pieces of the poem and various richly carved capitals , cornices , and piers .

The dinosaurs dominated the Earth for 130 million years . But they might have remained as also-rans if the rhynchosaurs had not already been driven into extinction
the dinosaurs dominated the earth for 130 million years . but they might have [stayed] as also-rans if the rhynchosaurs had not already been driven into extinction

If spread over the whole of the department 's research budget , the shortfall in the two areas would mean that between 25 and 40 per cent of the cash allocated for 1982–83 has remained unspent .
if spread over the whole of the department 's research budget , the shortfall in the two areas would mean that between 25 and 40 per cent of the cash allocated for 1982–83 has [stayed] unspent .

Even when stereo records came on the market , binaural remained a gimmick .
even when stereo records came on the market , binaural [stayed] a gimmick .

All the same , some power remained and the majority of academics were Jesuits or Dominicans or members of the other many orders .
all the same , some power [stayed] and the majority of academics were jesuits or dominicans or members of the other many orders .

— and Francesco Barberini , the Pope 's brother , who remained a loyal and admiring friend to Galileo throughout , was very active .
— and francesco barberini , the pope 's brother , who [stayed] a loyal and admiring friend to galileo throughout , was very active .

Those whose job it is to seek knowledge , and sometimes solutions , here on Earth — the astronomers , anthropologists , archaeologists and researchers in all branches of science — have , for the most , remained silent on pseudoscience .
those whose job it is to seek knowledge , and sometimes solutions , here on earth — the astronomers , anthropologists , archaeologists and researchers in all branches of science — have , for the most , [stayed] silent on pseudoscience .

As a boy , Dall regularly ventured far on foot and bicycle , and that adventuresome spirit has remained with him .
as a boy , dall regularly ventured far on foot and bicycle , and that adventuresome spirit has [stayed] with him .

Nevertheless , Dr Michel Halbouty , chairman of the Circum-Pacific Council for Energy and Mineral Resources , told the meeting that the findings indicated that as much oil and gas remained to be found in the Pacific as had been discovered so far worldwide .
nevertheless , dr michel halbouty , chairman of the circum-pacific council for energy and mineral resources , told the meeting that the findings indicated that as much oil and gas [stayed] to be found in the pacific as had been discovered so far worldwide .

Enough of him had , however , remained in the present to enable him to present a powerful case for the area 's preservation and to prophesy that the objectors would win .
enough of him had , however , [stayed] in the present to enable him to present a powerful case for the area 's preservation and to prophesy that the objectors would win .

It only remained then , in this tight little half-hour programme , for David Attenborough to bring us up to date on the mountain gorillas of Rwanda — they are mainly alive and moderately well but not thanks to poachers — and for Mr Soper to have a fleeting swipe at the conservation intentions of the government , and it was all over .
it only [stayed] then , in this tight little half-hour programme , for david attenborough to bring us up to date on the mountain gorillas of rwanda — they are mainly alive and moderately well but not thanks to poachers — and for mr soper to have a fleeting swipe at the conservation intentions of the government , and it was all over .

Feral goats have inhibited the island of 150 square kilometres for at least 100 years , but unlike the exploding colonies of goats in some of the Galapagos Islands , the Aldabra goats have remained stable and perhaps even declined in recent years .
feral goats have inhibited the island of 150 square kilometres for at least 100 years , but unlike the exploding colonies of goats in some of the galapagos islands , the aldabra goats have [stayed] stable and perhaps even declined in recent years .

They still remained somewhat too close to the American School Mathematics Study Group materials upon which they had been modelled .
they still [stayed] somewhat too close to the american school mathematics study group materials upon which they had been modelled .

Those who have been living near to parents or who have remained in very close touch with them , are going to feel the immediate absence of the parent they loved more keenly than those who have broken away from close family ties and kept up only a dutiful contact with father or mother .
those who have been living near to parents or who have [stayed] in very close touch with them , are going to feel the immediate absence of the parent they loved more keenly than those who have broken away from close family ties and kept up only a dutiful contact with father or mother .

Single people who have remained celibate also face the fact that they will not now have children .
single people who have [stayed] celibate also face the fact that they will not now have children .

And , in the end , unless we challenge our assumptions , we may end up with little more than a large collection of inwardlooking occupational ethnographies between which the connections still remained to be demonstrated .
and , in the end , unless we challenge our assumptions , we may end up with little more than a large collection of inwardlooking occupational ethnographies between which the connections still [stayed] to be demonstrated .

The planners ' central analysis has remained the same throughout the controversy .
the planners ' central analysis has [stayed] the same throughout the controversy .

The leading members of the Council remained loyal to the planners and to the housing policy for some considerable time .
the leading members of the council [stayed] loyal to the planners and to the housing policy for some considerable time .

One last possible means of rescue remained but it was dangerous and would require a great deal of equipment .
one last possible means of rescue [stayed] but it was dangerous and would require a great deal of equipment .

An early government land surveyor mis-spelled Mosgiel with a single ‘ s ’ and so it has remained .
an early government land surveyor mis-spelled mosgiel with a single ‘ s ’ and so it has [stayed] .

Surely , if there really were a knowable pre-life creator , such would have long since become truly known to humanity , and would not have remained a subject of speculation after many thousands of years .
surely , if there really were a knowable pre-life creator , such would have long since become truly known to humanity , and would not have [stayed] a subject of speculation after many thousands of years .

They drew down to the back of the hummock which remained an ivy-grown tump until they were within a few paces and could see rough-hewn timber planks behind it .
they drew down to the back of the hummock which [stayed] an ivy-grown tump until they were within a few paces and could see rough-hewn timber planks behind it .

Crane , despite his activity , remained behind making occasional sorties off the road to look behind some tree or peer into a thicket .
crane , despite his activity , [stayed] behind making occasional sorties off the road to look behind some tree or peer into a thicket .

The leader and Michael remained hidden with the horses .
the leader and michael [stayed] hidden with the horses .

Of the verderers he could see nothing , but so strong was his sense of present danger that Allen remained half-hidden watching until the sun came up over the forest and the wet rock slabs of the Waste shone like glass and he could feel the first faint warmth of the sun 's beams striking on his face .
of the verderers he could see nothing , but so strong was his sense of present danger that allen [stayed] half-hidden watching until the sun came up over the forest and the wet rock slabs of the waste shone like glass and he could feel the first faint warmth of the sun 's beams striking on his face .

Vestiges of the original life-lease remained .
vestiges of the original life-lease [stayed] .

This could be explained by saying that the lords had insisted that the children of the bond remained bondmen , thus exacting their full rights .
this could be explained by saying that the lords had insisted that the children of the bond [stayed] bondmen , thus exacting their full rights .

Many of them were towns before the Romans came ; a few remained towns for a generation longer .
many of them were towns before the romans came ; a few [stayed] towns for a generation longer .

As a centre of culture , and a meeting place of civilizations , Cordoba remained vitally important through the days when the Jewish philosopher Maimonides was born there in the twelfth century and the Arab philosopher Averroes lived there in the thirteenth ; as a representative of a medieval city it is as eccentric as Palermo — indeed far more so ; for the cathedral at its centre is a mosque slightly disguised ; and the beauty and immense and impressive size of the mosque are constant reminders to the modern visitor that Christendom was a poor relation to Islam , perhaps in many senses , in the period between the eighth and the tenth centuries when it was built .
as a centre of culture , and a meeting place of civilizations , cordoba [stayed] vitally important through the days when the jewish philosopher maimonides was born there in the twelfth century and the arab philosopher averroes lived there in the thirteenth ; as a representative of a medieval city it is as eccentric as palermo — indeed far more so ; for the cathedral at its centre is a mosque slightly disguised ; and the beauty and immense and impressive size of the mosque are constant reminders to the modern visitor that christendom was a poor relation to islam , perhaps in many senses , in the period between the eighth and the tenth centuries when it was built .

The walls the Romans built remained the basic structure of the city walls down to their final destruction in the late eighteenth century , save at two significant corners .
the walls the romans built [stayed] the basic structure of the city walls down to their final destruction in the late eighteenth century , save at two significant corners .

In other respects warfare remained much what it had been .
in other respects warfare [stayed] much what it had been .

Yet it remained critically important that every potential litigant should know in what court , and in what manner , his pleas might be heard .
yet it [stayed] critically important that every potential litigant should know in what court , and in what manner , his pleas might be heard .

The popular courts survived far longer , and the royal court remained stronger than elsewhere in northern Europe ; and in the twelfth century the royal court began to grow in importance , until in later centuries it swallowed the jurisdiction of most other courts .
the popular courts survived far longer , and the royal court [stayed] stronger than elsewhere in northern europe ; and in the twelfth century the royal court began to grow in importance , until in later centuries it swallowed the jurisdiction of most other courts .

Support for a fixed Channel link soon emerged as a prime candidate for assistance although the British and French governments remained committed to the idea of a privately financed tunnel .
support for a fixed channel link soon emerged as a prime candidate for assistance although the british and french governments [stayed] committed to the idea of a privately financed tunnel .

The Test of Professional Competence , for building surveyors , first introduced in 1973 , has remained unchanged over a period during which many other changes both technological and sociological have taken place within the Division .
the test of professional competence , for building surveyors , first introduced in 1973 , has [stayed] unchanged over a period during which many other changes both technological and sociological have taken place within the division .

Nevertheless , this elementary mistake remained unobserved for almost two decades .
nevertheless , this elementary mistake [stayed] unobserved for almost two decades .

Bukharin 's contribution to analysing growth theory has , by and large , remained underplayed in the existing literature .
bukharin 's contribution to analysing growth theory has , by and large , [stayed] underplayed in the existing literature .

Many of the elements of a rounded theory of capitalist economic crisis were present in Bukharin 's writings , but overall they remained too disconnected to rise to the level of a coherent theory .
many of the elements of a rounded theory of capitalist economic crisis were present in bukharin 's writings , but overall they [stayed] too disconnected to rise to the level of a coherent theory .

Moreover , at the beginning of such crises the production of consumer goods either remained at a high level or actually continued to increase .
moreover , at the beginning of such crises the production of consumer goods either [stayed] at a high level or actually continued to increase .

But while affluent British consumers began to ask for organic vegetables and real meat , total demand for these more naturally produced and more expensive foods remained small .
but while affluent british consumers began to ask for organic vegetables and real meat , total demand for these more naturally produced and more expensive foods [stayed] small .

It was a magic time , and the magic of butterflies has remained with me .
it was a magic time , and the magic of butterflies has [stayed] with me .

The Nethercott workshop built a fine specimen of an oak dogleg chimney staircase , with hanging finials and pierced cutout balusters copied from the one baluster of the 17th-century staircase that remained .
the nethercott workshop built a fine specimen of an oak dogleg chimney staircase , with hanging finials and pierced cutout balusters copied from the one baluster of the 17th-century staircase that [stayed] .

Ayrton Senna remained evasive over his plans for 1993 .
ayrton senna [stayed] evasive over his plans for 1993 .

Then he wagged his plume-like tail to indicate approval ; so ‘ Sausage ’ he remained .
then he wagged his plume-like tail to indicate approval ; so ‘ sausage ’ he [stayed] .

Paula was amazed by the security arrangements that were necessary to ensure that the new season 's collections remained exclusive — the windows at the rear of the premises were heavily barred and practically the first thing she had to do on commencing her employment was to sign a contract promising that she would not breathe a word about the designs she saw .
paula was amazed by the security arrangements that were necessary to ensure that the new season 's collections [stayed] exclusive — the windows at the rear of the premises were heavily barred and practically the first thing she had to do on commencing her employment was to sign a contract promising that she would not breathe a word about the designs she saw .

The relevance of such multiple sensory realities to conventional evolutionary theory has so far remained unconsidered .
the relevance of such multiple sensory realities to conventional evolutionary theory has so far [stayed] unconsidered .

while the second teacher remained with the chimpanzees by the keyboard .
while the second teacher [stayed] with the chimpanzees by the keyboard .

It was the site which had remained unchanged .
it was the site which had [stayed] unchanged .

The pattern of ultrasonics at Rollright has so far remained elusive .
the pattern of ultrasonics at rollright has so far [stayed] elusive .

And with the help of naturalists and ecologists ( and some of the best are very much aware of these added dimensions to their subjects ) it becomes possible to do consciously what has so far remained in the instinctive realm .
and with the help of naturalists and ecologists ( and some of the best are very much aware of these added dimensions to their subjects ) it becomes possible to do consciously what has so far [stayed] in the instinctive realm .

This simply confirms the fact that to the very end of his life , Klemperer remained a controversial musical figure , stamping his own individual authority on any music he conducted .
this simply confirms the fact that to the very end of his life , klemperer [stayed] a controversial musical figure , stamping his own individual authority on any music he conducted .

In 1629 Padilla became maestro de capilla at the richly endowed cathedral in Pueble , Mexico , where he remained until his death 35 years later .
in 1629 padilla became maestro de capilla at the richly endowed cathedral in pueble , mexico , where he [stayed] until his death 35 years later .

His post of Prime-Minister of Poland set the seal on his reputation as a great patriot , and although the demands of affairs of state subsequently diminished his artistry , he always remained an important musical figure .
his post of prime-minister of poland set the seal on his reputation as a great patriot , and although the demands of affairs of state subsequently diminished his artistry , he always [stayed] an important musical figure .

She remained unwell , with recurrent headaches , sleepiness , fatigue and inexplicable bouts of fainting .
she [stayed] unwell , with recurrent headaches , sleepiness , fatigue and inexplicable bouts of fainting .

Her family doctor remained convinced that all her problems were in her mind .
her family doctor [stayed] convinced that all her problems were in her mind .

Scientists were aware of gallium 's potential as a semiconductor 30 years ago but come the computer revolution it remained largely ignored .
scientists were aware of gallium 's potential as a semiconductor 30 years ago but come the computer revolution it [stayed] largely ignored .

In the 1870s , the Society was established in premises at Renfield Street where it remained until the splendid new building in West Regent Street was erected through the efforts of William Agnew in 1894 .
in the 1870s , the society was established in premises at renfield street where it [stayed] until the splendid new building in west regent street was erected through the efforts of william agnew in 1894 .

In 1838 the congregation ( and the Society ) moved to premises in South Bridge Street where they remained until 1852 when they returned to St. Stephen 's Church , this time in the school buildings .
in 1838 the congregation ( and the society ) moved to premises in south bridge street where they [stayed] until 1852 when they returned to st. stephen 's church , this time in the school buildings .

In 1881 the next move was made to 11 York Buildings , where the congregation remained until 1890 .
in 1881 the next move was made to 11 york buildings , where the congregation [stayed] until 1890 .

His father being a man of means , he remained under Dr. Watson 's care for twelve years receiving the best of attention because of his undoubted abilities and studious industry .
his father being a man of means , he [stayed] under dr. watson 's care for twelve years receiving the best of attention because of his undoubted abilities and studious industry .

The class remained in this room for 5 years before the proper Hugh Bell Schools were opened .
the class [stayed] in this room for 5 years before the proper hugh bell schools were opened .

The numbers attending remained very small for a number of years — three children were once expelled because it was found they could hear .
the numbers attending [stayed] very small for a number of years — three children were once expelled because it was found they could hear .

Born at Cardross , Dumbartonshire , he lost his hearing in infancy through illness and was admitted at the age of 8 into the Glasgow Institution for the Deaf and Dumb where he remained for seven years .
born at cardross , dumbartonshire , he lost his hearing in infancy through illness and was admitted at the age of 8 into the glasgow institution for the deaf and dumb where he [stayed] for seven years .

He remained as Missioner to the Ayrshire Mission until his death in 1918 .
he [stayed] as missioner to the ayrshire mission until his death in 1918 .

The 1900s were also to see for the first time deaf women beginning to acquire their own identity through achievement by their own talent although not one as yet played any prominent part in deaf organisations which remained the preserve of the deaf male .
the 1900s were also to see for the first time deaf women beginning to acquire their own identity through achievement by their own talent although not one as yet played any prominent part in deaf organisations which [stayed] the preserve of the deaf male .

Dr. Francis Maylett Smith remained the General Practitioner at Collier 's Forge until his retirement in 1933 .
dr. francis maylett smith [stayed] the general practitioner at collier 's forge until his retirement in 1933 .

When the post of Missioner at Warrington became vacant , he applied for it at the age of 38 , and he remained at Warrington until his retirement thirty years later .
when the post of missioner at warrington became vacant , he applied for it at the age of 38 , and he [stayed] at warrington until his retirement thirty years later .

In Manchester , the Church of All Saints across the road was reduced to rubble , whilst the deaf institute remained unscathed .
in manchester , the church of all saints across the road was reduced to rubble , whilst the deaf institute [stayed] unscathed .

Perhaps for this reason the law in several areas of censorship has for many years remained quietly in the background , yet with an extensive array of legislation to be respected and always at its disposal .
perhaps for this reason the law in several areas of censorship has for many years [stayed] quietly in the background , yet with an extensive array of legislation to be respected and always at its disposal .

Whether all asthmatics and allergy sufferers would find the Rex cat suitable has yet to be proved , since the breed has remained comparatively rare .
whether all asthmatics and allergy sufferers would find the rex cat suitable has yet to be proved , since the breed has [stayed] comparatively rare .

If it has loving owners who can afford central heating , this breed presents no problems , but it has remained largely outlawed by the various cat societies .
if it has loving owners who can afford central heating , this breed presents no problems , but it has [stayed] largely outlawed by the various cat societies .

between 1965 and 1975 , the number actually nesting has remained static at rather under 50 pairs ( 96 birds ) .
between 1965 and 1975 , the number actually nesting has [stayed] static at rather under 50 pairs ( 96 birds ) .

One bird remained in Chichester Harbour from 10 June to 1 September 1952 , and another did so from 30 July to 23 August 1959 .
one bird [stayed] in chichester harbour from 10 june to 1 september 1952 , and another did so from 30 july to 23 august 1959 .

The May record is of a bird which remained at Piddinghoe until 13 May 1956 .
the may record is of a bird which [stayed] at piddinghoe until 13 may 1956 .

The other Met personnel , apart from the Waafs , have remained rather a blur in my mind , with the exception of an obnoxious little civilian type known as Thursby .
the other met personnel , apart from the waafs , have [stayed] rather a blur in my mind , with the exception of an obnoxious little civilian type known as thursby .

Thus she played a part in the Mites ’ continuing popularity and remained in the theatre world that she loved .
thus she played a part in the mites ’ continuing popularity and [stayed] in the theatre world that she loved .

All the difficulties with ‘ wet white ’ were eliminated in Birmingham where there was an obscure ruling that bare legs were banned ( this remained in force as late as the 1950s ) , so when playing there they were given cotton tights but had to put a penny at the side , wrap a piece of string round it and the tights in order to hold them up .
all the difficulties with ‘ wet white ’ were eliminated in birmingham where there was an obscure ruling that bare legs were banned ( this [stayed] in force as late as the 1950s ) , so when playing there they were given cotton tights but had to put a penny at the side , wrap a piece of string round it and the tights in order to hold them up .

They had mutual respect and remained devoted friends till he died in 1985 .
they had mutual respect and [stayed] devoted friends till he died in 1985 .

The copper plate was prepared with a covering of wax-ground , which remained soft to the touch .
the copper plate was prepared with a covering of wax-ground , which [stayed] soft to the touch .

For a second Yanto remained rooted to the spot ‘ Jesus Christ , ’ he gasped From that first moonlit glimpse he knew he had a specimen here .
for a second yanto [stayed] rooted to the spot ‘ jesus christ , ’ he gasped from that first moonlit glimpse he knew he had a specimen here .

As priority was given to the undergraduate course in information retrieval during the first year and other conditions remained nearly constant , any changes in the pattern of the use of Chalmers Library during that time could be attributed to the effects of the course of instruction .
as priority was given to the undergraduate course in information retrieval during the first year and other conditions [stayed] nearly constant , any changes in the pattern of the use of chalmers library during that time could be attributed to the effects of the course of instruction .

Forty tablets remained in the bottle .
forty tablets [stayed] in the bottle .

Making sure that she remained in contact with people and not socially isolated .
making sure that she [stayed] in contact with people and not socially isolated .

Her mood was back to normal , although there remained some problems over her finances , and the legal situation was not entirely sorted out .
her mood was back to normal , although there [stayed] some problems over her finances , and the legal situation was not entirely sorted out .

The suicide attempt rates , however , remained essentially unchanged , although in other areas the rates of suicide attempts continued to increase ( Kreitman 1977 ) .
the suicide attempt rates , however , [stayed] essentially unchanged , although in other areas the rates of suicide attempts continued to increase ( kreitman 1977 ) .

As noted earlier , ( p. 17 ) , between 1953 and 1978 the age-adjusted rate of suicide by means of firearms increased from 4.9 to 7.1 per 100 000 population , while rates for other methods remained unchanged ( Boyd 1983 ) .
as noted earlier , ( p. 17 ) , between 1953 and 1978 the age-adjusted rate of suicide by means of firearms increased from 4.9 to 7.1 per 100 000 population , while rates for other methods [stayed] unchanged ( boyd 1983 ) .

Even so , the machine factor remained an important consideration , in particular what was seen as the growing practice of instructing boys in a single process .
even so , the machine factor [stayed] an important consideration , in particular what was seen as the growing practice of instructing boys in a single process .

It is time that technical education remained not much more than a debating topic , although the Education Act 1918 , did make 14 the universal minimum leaving age and , far more controversial , it began to introduce compulsory part-time day continuation classes .
it is time that technical education [stayed] not much more than a debating topic , although the education act 1918 , did make 14 the universal minimum leaving age and , far more controversial , it began to introduce compulsory part-time day continuation classes .

All this meant that the tradition of ‘ visiting ’ remained inherent in the new welfare provision for young people .
all this meant that the tradition of ‘ visiting ’ [stayed] inherent in the new welfare provision for young people .

This limitation was removed by the Education Act of 1890 , but the description remained unchanged until the 1918 Act .
this limitation was removed by the education act of 1890 , but the description [stayed] unchanged until the 1918 act .

At the same time , the curriculum through which all this was to be achieved remained remarkably unexplored and neglected ; and in many respects this in itself was a comment on the nature of the reformers ' aims and aspirations .
at the same time , the curriculum through which all this was to be achieved [stayed] remarkably unexplored and neglected ; and in many respects this in itself was a comment on the nature of the reformers ' aims and aspirations .

’ And the disabling function of this image has remained visible throughout wide range of current psychological and sociological literature .
’ and the disabling function of this image has [stayed] visible throughout wide range of current psychological and sociological literature .

By day she remained behind locked doors in the room near the north wing which her two sons had shared .
by day she [stayed] behind locked doors in the room near the north wing which her two sons had shared .

His great-grandfather , Nigel Carew , a widower with one child , a lad of sixteen , had remained cool and calm .
his great-grandfather , nigel carew , a widower with one child , a lad of sixteen , had [stayed] cool and calm .

All that remained was the demesne and the village .
all that [stayed] was the demesne and the village .

Confined to their own class and religion , the marriage prospects for the young women who remained dwindled with each passing year .
confined to their own class and religion , the marriage prospects for the young women who [stayed] dwindled with each passing year .

Uncle Walter remained seated with the thumb and forefinger pressed against his closed eyes .
uncle walter [stayed] seated with the thumb and forefinger pressed against his closed eyes .

The letter she had left for me remained in the possession of the police as evidence .
the letter she had left for me [stayed] in the possession of the police as evidence .

The Under-Secretary remained completely unruffled .
the under-secretary [stayed] completely unruffled .

As one commented , he visited online exhibitions but remained ‘ baffled by it all ’ .
as one commented , he visited online exhibitions but [stayed] ‘ baffled by it all ’ .

Research shows quite clearly that although the two names may occasionally have been confused due to scribal error , mishearing by early recorders , or poor scholarship , they are quite distinct and separate in origin and have remained separate in use by the families bearing them .
research shows quite clearly that although the two names may occasionally have been confused due to scribal error , mishearing by early recorders , or poor scholarship , they are quite distinct and separate in origin and have [stayed] separate in use by the families bearing them .

There remained points of contact between architecture and palaeography , and scholars have detected Romanesque and Gothic periods in both .
there [stayed] points of contact between architecture and palaeography , and scholars have detected romanesque and gothic periods in both .

Rising as it did , when the nobility and knightly classes in England were of Norman stock , it follows that the language of armory was French , and so it has remained ( in remarkably garbed form with English interpolations ) to the present day .
rising as it did , when the nobility and knightly classes in england were of norman stock , it follows that the language of armory was french , and so it has [stayed] ( in remarkably garbed form with english interpolations ) to the present day .

However , there remained in the 1850s several hundred acres of open land , particularly in the north of the parish near Dogbury Valent .
however , there [stayed] in the 1850s several hundred acres of open land , particularly in the north of the parish near dogbury valent .

Spending on education remained high in spite of the earlier crisis .
spending on education [stayed] high in spite of the earlier crisis .

The majority of women remained in the ‘ tribal trustlands ’ as subsistence farmers , relying on remittances to supplement their meagre income from farming .
the majority of women [stayed] in the ‘ tribal trustlands ’ as subsistence farmers , relying on remittances to supplement their meagre income from farming .

At secondary level , the proportion of female enrolments has remained constant at 30 per cent , though total enrolments have more than doubled .
at secondary level , the proportion of female enrolments has [stayed] constant at 30 per cent , though total enrolments have more than doubled .

This is because much of the central district in Somoza 's time collapsed in the massive 1972 earthquake : Somoza and his clique embezzled most of the international aid given to rebuild the city and so its central area remained in ruins .
this is because much of the central district in somoza 's time collapsed in the massive 1972 earthquake : somoza and his clique embezzled most of the international aid given to rebuild the city and so its central area [stayed] in ruins .

It was exacerbated by lack of materials and books , so that the temptation to fall back on ‘ chalk and talk ’ remained , except that there was n't always any chalk .
it was exacerbated by lack of materials and books , so that the temptation to fall back on ‘ chalk and talk ’ [stayed] , except that there was n't always any chalk .

Despite an expansion in access to education in the 1970s and reforms carried out in the 1960s and again in the late 1970s , the fundamental patterns of inequality have remained and have been accentuated by the war .
despite an expansion in access to education in the 1970s and reforms carried out in the 1960s and again in the late 1970s , the fundamental patterns of inequality have [stayed] and have been accentuated by the war .

Rural drop-outs remained on average around 20 per cent , and 45 per cent at sixth grade .
rural drop-outs [stayed] on average around 20 per cent , and 45 per cent at sixth grade .

In educational terms they have remained in a kind of limbo .
in educational terms they have [stayed] in a kind of limbo .

So , until recently , the ideas behind the movement have largely remained at the level of slogans and their deeper implications have not really been worked out .
so , until recently , the ideas behind the movement have largely [stayed] at the level of slogans and their deeper implications have not really been worked out .

But the Christmas mummers remained — and some who read this will be able to recall them .
but the christmas mummers [stayed] — and some who read this will be able to recall them .

In the centre of a rich and densely populated countryside with ready access by canal and river to 5 of the most populous counties in Ireland it still remained ‘ but a small town of very insignificant appearance ’ with only about 867 inhabitants .
in the centre of a rich and densely populated countryside with ready access by canal and river to 5 of the most populous counties in ireland it still [stayed] ‘ but a small town of very insignificant appearance ’ with only about 867 inhabitants .

The first Sunday School Superintendent was Mr Alfred Lowe and he remained Superintendent for just over nine years .
the first sunday school superintendent was mr alfred lowe and he [stayed] superintendent for just over nine years .

The houses remained until the early 1950s when they were knocked down to make way for the new church .
the houses [stayed] until the early 1950s when they were knocked down to make way for the new church .

For over a century the medieval churches which remained had been museums in the care of the European Sector , but it had proved impossible to balance their antiquarian value against the considerable costs of allowing religious practice to take place within them .
for over a century the medieval churches which [stayed] had been museums in the care of the european sector , but it had proved impossible to balance their antiquarian value against the considerable costs of allowing religious practice to take place within them .

Of course many of the less respectable saints remained on the calendar , their only usefulness being the excuse for a holiday or a village carnival .
of course many of the less respectable saints [stayed] on the calendar , their only usefulness being the excuse for a holiday or a village carnival .

Lennon 's devotion to the world of transcendental meditation may have brought him inner peace , but it remained locked behind the doors of his perception until he sang about it .
lennon 's devotion to the world of transcendental meditation may have brought him inner peace , but it [stayed] locked behind the doors of his perception until he sang about it .

My old mate remained mute .
my old mate [stayed] mute .

Small , prestigious head quarters remained in London
small , prestigious head quarters [stayed] in london

Environmental projects ( for example , clearing derelict sites ) and housing expenditure remained relatively insignificant in all the Partnerships except Liverpool , where 40 per cent was spent on these two areas .
environmental projects ( for example , clearing derelict sites ) and housing expenditure [stayed] relatively insignificant in all the partnerships except liverpool , where 40 per cent was spent on these two areas .

Another issue of considerable importance is the question of additionality : what proportion of companies have located on , or remained within , the zones as a result of designation , and what proportion would have located there without designation ?
another issue of considerable importance is the question of additionality : what proportion of companies have located on , or [stayed] within , the zones as a result of designation , and what proportion would have located there without designation ?

Changes in the marginal distribution of the response variable will always produce changes in differences in proportions , even if the cells are still distributed in the same proportion ; if , for example , the supply of selective school places doubled but the class composition of the schools remained the same , d would change .
changes in the marginal distribution of the response variable will always produce changes in differences in proportions , even if the cells are still distributed in the same proportion ; if , for example , the supply of selective school places doubled but the class composition of the schools [stayed] the same , d would change .

He was blind and very deaf , but he remained cheerful and interested in all our doings .
he was blind and very deaf , but he [stayed] cheerful and interested in all our doings .

Their relationship became very special and has remained so .
their relationship became very special and has [stayed] so .

The only other coloured children in the school , all as it happened adopted too , were much younger , so all her peers and all her friends were white ; two of these have remained close friends into adult life .
the only other coloured children in the school , all as it happened adopted too , were much younger , so all her peers and all her friends were white ; two of these have [stayed] close friends into adult life .

Despite the rigours of Junior football and Celtic 's body building sessions , Johnstone remained a midget , a dwarf amongst giants who spent most of his career infuriating psychopathic defenders with his slippery dribbling style .
despite the rigours of junior football and celtic 's body building sessions , johnstone [stayed] a midget , a dwarf amongst giants who spent most of his career infuriating psychopathic defenders with his slippery dribbling style .

But calculations of the total carbon released by fossil fuel combustion imply that , if all such carbon remained in the atmosphere , the concentration would have increased by twice as much .
but calculations of the total carbon released by fossil fuel combustion imply that , if all such carbon [stayed] in the atmosphere , the concentration would have increased by twice as much .

Clarendon remained as Foreign Secretary , and Molesworth , for the time being , remained as First Commissioner of Works .
clarendon [stayed] as foreign secretary , and molesworth , for the time being , [stayed] as first commissioner of works .

Since 1840 he had been the Government Architect , firstly in the combined Office of Woods , Forests and Land Revenue and the Office of Works and Buildings and , when that organization split in 1851 , he remained as architect to both the Office of Works and the Office of Woods .
since 1840 he had been the government architect , firstly in the combined office of woods , forests and land revenue and the office of works and buildings and , when that organization split in 1851 , he [stayed] as architect to both the office of works and the office of woods .

The Commander-in-Chief , who jointly with the Secretary of State controlled the affairs of the Army , remained at Horse Guards and was not included in Hunt 's proposals .
the commander-in-chief , who jointly with the secretary of state controlled the affairs of the army , [stayed] at horse guards and was not included in hunt 's proposals .

But Palmerston remained unmoved .
but palmerston [stayed] unmoved .

Up to the time of this article , Ruskin had largely remained aloof from the controversy .
up to the time of this article , ruskin had largely [stayed] aloof from the controversy .

After erosion the coal has remained only in the three major downfolds , or synclines .
after erosion the coal has [stayed] only in the three major downfolds , or synclines .

When the ice melted some shallow lakes remained where boulder clay blocked old river courses .
when the ice melted some shallow lakes [stayed] where boulder clay blocked old river courses .

Recall the anecdote about David , who remained an attentive pupil considerably longer while playing school than he did in other kindergarten activities .
recall the anecdote about david , who [stayed] an attentive pupil considerably longer while playing school than he did in other kindergarten activities .

When graduate student Tina Gillingham and I observed preschoolers in a laboratory playroom liberally equipped with fantasy-play props , we found that private speech during make-believe remained uniformly high from ages 2 to 4 and actually increased at age 5.48 Our interpretation of the prevalence of private speech during make-believe is that children continually set challenges for themselves in fantasy play .
when graduate student tina gillingham and i observed preschoolers in a laboratory playroom liberally equipped with fantasy-play props , we found that private speech during make-believe [stayed] uniformly high from ages 2 to 4 and actually increased at age 5.48 our interpretation of the prevalence of private speech during make-believe is that children continually set challenges for themselves in fantasy play .

Tariffs on their imports have remained higher than many other manufactured goods .
tariffs on their imports have [stayed] higher than many other manufactured goods .

By 1961 , the percentage using traditional bundles had fallen to 26 percent ; PBS had risen to 69 percent of all production workers , and line systems remained uncommon at 5 percent .
by 1961 , the percentage using traditional bundles had fallen to 26 percent ; pbs had risen to 69 percent of all production workers , and line systems [stayed] uncommon at 5 percent .

By 1980 , little of this basic part of the textile industry remained in New England .
by 1980 , little of this basic part of the textile industry [stayed] in new england .

The annual number of units of outerwear created in the United States has remained remarkably constant over the last several decades , varying from 12.5 units per capita in 1967 to 13.4 units in 1995,1 while the number of production workers has continued to drop , from 1,098,200 in 1960 to 664,400 in 1997.2 This employment decrease is associated with the impact of casual wear , an increase in worker productivity , and the significant import penetration in garments with high labor content .
the annual number of units of outerwear created in the united states has [stayed] remarkably constant over the last several decades , varying from 12.5 units per capita in 1967 to 13.4 units in 1995,1 while the number of production workers has continued to drop , from 1,098,200 in 1960 to 664,400 in 1997.2 this employment decrease is associated with the impact of casual wear , an increase in worker productivity , and the significant import penetration in garments with high labor content .

The success of buyers therefore turned on their ability to predict what consumers would want and to obtain those products at the lowest possible cost.3 Although the order would specify a delivery time far closer to the season , once the buyer placed the order with the apparel manufacturer , it typically remained unchanged until delivery to the retailer ’ s warehouse or individual stores .
the success of buyers therefore turned on their ability to predict what consumers would want and to obtain those products at the lowest possible cost.3 although the order would specify a delivery time far closer to the season , once the buyer placed the order with the apparel manufacturer , it typically [stayed] unchanged until delivery to the retailer ’ s warehouse or individual stores .

Before photography , the Paimio Tubercolosis Sanatorium , located in a remote part of Finland , would have remained obscure ; as it was , its stunning images brought the young Alvar Aalto worldwide recognition .
before photography , the paimio tubercolosis sanatorium , located in a remote part of finland , would have [stayed] obscure ; as it was , its stunning images brought the young alvar aalto worldwide recognition .

Gothic architecture originated in France in the twelfth century , and remained in fashion in Europe for the next three hundred years .
gothic architecture originated in france in the twelfth century , and [stayed] in fashion in europe for the next three hundred years .

Except for brief flirtations with Victorian Gothic ( the Smithsonian ) and functionalist modernism ( the Air and Space Museum ) , Classicism has remained in fashion for federal buildings ever since the construction of the Palladian White House .
except for brief flirtations with victorian gothic ( the smithsonian ) and functionalist modernism ( the air and space museum ) , classicism has [stayed] in fashion for federal buildings ever since the construction of the palladian white house .

American Colonial remained the height of fashion until the 1940s .
american colonial [stayed] the height of fashion until the 1940s .

When Spain and Portugal remained loyal to Catholicism , and expanded their empires by settling in South America , Central America , the Caribbean Islands , and parts of North America , the rest of Europe looked on very disapprovingly .
when spain and portugal [stayed] loyal to catholicism , and expanded their empires by settling in south america , central america , the caribbean islands , and parts of north america , the rest of europe looked on very disapprovingly .

They would be recast in new functions , but the forms remained the same .
they would be recast in new functions , but the forms [stayed] the same .

The peasant could not cross a river without paying to some nobleman a toll , nor take the produce which he raised to market until he had bought leave to do so ; nor consume what remained of his grain till he had sent it to the lord ’ s mill to be ground , nor full his cloths on his own works , nor sharpen his tools at his own grindstone , nor make wine , oil , or cider at his own press .
the peasant could not cross a river without paying to some nobleman a toll , nor take the produce which he raised to market until he had bought leave to do so ; nor consume what [stayed] of his grain till he had sent it to the lord ’ s mill to be ground , nor full his cloths on his own works , nor sharpen his tools at his own grindstone , nor make wine , oil , or cider at his own press .

The Democratic Party gained the loyalty of white Southern voters and remained in power for more than half a century , largely on the basis of segregationist principles .
the democratic party gained the loyalty of white southern voters and [stayed] in power for more than half a century , largely on the basis of segregationist principles .

Of course , during the war , the 1787 Constitution remained nominally in force .
of course , during the war , the 1787 constitution [stayed] nominally in force .

Even after this aspiration was incorporated into the Fourteenth Amendment , the ideal of equality remained a distant point on the spectrum of political possibilities .
even after this aspiration was incorporated into the fourteenth amendment , the ideal of equality [stayed] a distant point on the spectrum of political possibilities .

Americans have become and remained one of the most religious nations on earth , and largely because the state has evolved toward a rigorous policy of symbolic support for religion , at the same time insisting that the religious culture either thrive or die on its own .
americans have become and [stayed] one of the most religious nations on earth , and largely because the state has evolved toward a rigorous policy of symbolic support for religion , at the same time insisting that the religious culture either thrive or die on its own .

Amusingly , the Court even quotes the Great Maxim from the Secret Constitution—all men are created equal—to support the separation of Church and State.13 These postures seem to be the mirror opposite of European practices , where the state readily provides subsidies for religious schools , but would not consider using religious symbols on its money or even using the Bible in court to administer the oath to “ tell the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth. ” Whether these differences in practice are determinative or not , it is clear that the United States has remained a more deeply religious country than Germany , France , or even Italy .
amusingly , the court even quotes the great maxim from the secret constitution—all men are created equal—to support the separation of church and state.13 these postures seem to be the mirror opposite of european practices , where the state readily provides subsidies for religious schools , but would not consider using religious symbols on its money or even using the bible in court to administer the oath to “ tell the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth. ” whether these differences in practice are determinative or not , it is clear that the united states has [stayed] a more deeply religious country than germany , france , or even italy .

The Supreme Court has remained remarkably unaffected by the academic swing toward support for hate speech legislation .
the supreme court has [stayed] remarkably unaffected by the academic swing toward support for hate speech legislation .

Further , the growth was such that the ratio of A and B remained fixed .
further , the growth was such that the ratio of a and b [stayed] fixed .

Therefore , the exchange of A ’ s product molecules and B ’ s product molecules also remained fixed at a specific point on the contract curve .
therefore , the exchange of a ’ s product molecules and b ’ s product molecules also [stayed] fixed at a specific point on the contract curve .

When the Ottoman Empire crumbled in the aftermath of the war , Egypt declared itself an independent kingdom , but real power remained in London .
when the ottoman empire crumbled in the aftermath of the war , egypt declared itself an independent kingdom , but real power [stayed] in london .

Axis forces were at one point only 150 miles from Cairo but Allied soldiers finally gained the upper hand following the British victory at El Alemain in 1942 , and Egypt remained firmly in British hands for the rest of the war .
axis forces were at one point only 150 miles from cairo but allied soldiers finally gained the upper hand following the british victory at el alemain in 1942 , and egypt [stayed] firmly in british hands for the rest of the war .

This does not mean Japanese society has remained totally free of social discrimination .
this does not mean japanese society has [stayed] totally free of social discrimination .

The high quality of the seam on Milos ensured that the area remained popular with early travelers .
the high quality of the seam on milos ensured that the area [stayed] popular with early travelers .

In 1566 , they wrested Chios from the Genoese , bolstering their hold on the eastern Aegean Islands , but the Cyclades remained in Venetian hands for another generation or more — Tinos was the last to fall in 1715 .
in 1566 , they wrested chios from the genoese , bolstering their hold on the eastern aegean islands , but the cyclades [stayed] in venetian hands for another generation or more — tinos was the last to fall in 1715 .

A Prado annex , the Casón del Buen Retiro , up the hill in calle de Felipe IV , houses a collection of 19th-century paintings , but remained closed for renovations in 2000 .
a prado annex , the casón del buen retiro , up the hill in calle de felipe iv , houses a collection of 19th-century paintings , but [stayed] closed for renovations in 2000 .

Much of Chora has remained unchanged for decades , as Athenian weekenders have refurbished the charming old townhouses , and it has a very genteel air .
much of chora has [stayed] unchanged for decades , as athenian weekenders have refurbished the charming old townhouses , and it has a very genteel air .

This is in part because the island remained under Catholic Venetian rule far longer than other islands in the Aegean — from 1207 to 1714 — but also because it was t he scene of a blessed miracle , ensuring its fame throughout the Catholic community in Greece .
this is in part because the island [stayed] under catholic venetian rule far longer than other islands in the aegean — from 1207 to 1714 — but also because it was t he scene of a blessed miracle , ensuring its fame throughout the catholic community in greece .

Patmos This small , barren island in the northern Dodecanese may have remained the deserted outpost it once was , had it not been for a decision in the first century a.d. to use it as a penal colony for political and religious dissidents .
patmos this small , barren island in the northern dodecanese may have [stayed] the deserted outpost it once was , had it not been for a decision in the first century a.d. to use it as a penal colony for political and religious dissidents .

When Henry returned to his duties he gave his drinking bowl to the family , saying that as long as the cup remained unbroken the family would remain at Muncaster .
when henry returned to his duties he gave his drinking bowl to the family , saying that as long as the cup [stayed] unbroken the family would remain at muncaster .

This act did not apply in Scotland , however , where 16 remained the age of consent , so many young couples took to eloping to Scotland , and most stopped to tie the knot in Gretna Green , the nearest town over the border .
this act did not apply in scotland , however , where 16 [stayed] the age of consent , so many young couples took to eloping to scotland , and most stopped to tie the knot in gretna green , the nearest town over the border .

Though the two cities remained unlinked by rail , this was about to change quickly .
though the two cities [stayed] unlinked by rail , this was about to change quickly .

A number of slopes and valleys have remained untouched by man and offer a habitat for rare hummingbirds and swallowtail butterflies .
a number of slopes and valleys have [stayed] untouched by man and offer a habitat for rare hummingbirds and swallowtail butterflies .

Although the banyan trees that once flourished here are now no more , the often-restored complex has remained a focus of local Buddhist activities .
although the banyan trees that once flourished here are now no more , the often-restored complex has [stayed] a focus of local buddhist activities .

The Spanish crown duly passed to the Hapsburgs , and Spain remained in their hands until the feeble-minded Carlos II died in 1700 , leaving no heir .
the spanish crown duly passed to the hapsburgs , and spain [stayed] in their hands until the feeble-minded carlos ii died in 1700 , leaving no heir .

In the 19th century , practically all of Spain ’ s possessions in the Americas broke away in the wake of the Napoleonic Wars , and the few that remained were lost at the end of the 19th century .
in the 19th century , practically all of spain ’ s possessions in the americas broke away in the wake of the napoleonic wars , and the few that [stayed] were lost at the end of the 19th century .

New Horizons Exhausted after the Civil War , Spain remained on the sidelines during World War II and began to recover economically under the oppressive , law-and-order regime of Franco .
new horizons exhausted after the civil war , spain [stayed] on the sidelines during world war ii and began to recover economically under the oppressive , law-and-order regime of franco .

It was rebuilt by the Emperor Valens in the fourth century , restored several times by both the Byzantines and Ottomans , and remained in use up to as recently as the 19th century .
it was rebuilt by the emperor valens in the fourth century , restored several times by both the byzantines and ottomans , and [stayed] in use up to as recently as the 19th century .

He was allowed to return to the city in 1330 provided that he remained a monk at Chora , which he did , living out the last years of his life surrounded by the magnificent works of art he had commissioned .
he was allowed to return to the city in 1330 provided that he [stayed] a monk at chora , which he did , living out the last years of his life surrounded by the magnificent works of art he had commissioned .

Although the capital was moved to Edirne in 1362 , and then to Istanbul , Bursa remained an important town , with a rich legacy of religious architecture — the foun­der of the Ottoman dynasty and five of his successors are buried here .
although the capital was moved to edirne in 1362 , and then to istanbul , bursa [stayed] an important town , with a rich legacy of religious architecture — the foun­der of the ottoman dynasty and five of his successors are buried here .

Troy The exact location of the legendary city of Troy remained a mystery until an amateur archaeologist with a passion for Homer began excavations in 1871 .
troy the exact location of the legendary city of troy [stayed] a mystery until an amateur archaeologist with a passion for homer began excavations in 1871 .

Southern India remained independent , but Ashoka had his hands full with a large empire that now extended as far north as Kashmir and east to Bengal .
southern india [stayed] independent , but ashoka had his hands full with a large empire that now extended as far north as kashmir and east to bengal .

The south remained dominated by the Hindu kingdom of Vijayanagar for the next 250 years .
the south [stayed] dominated by the hindu kingdom of vijayanagar for the next 250 years .

In the south , Tipu Sultan of Mysore remained a menace to Madras until Governor-General Arthur Wellesley , future Duke of Wellington , defeated him .
in the south , tipu sultan of mysore [stayed] a menace to madras until governor-general arthur wellesley , future duke of wellington , defeated him .

The British Raj , though , was firmly entrenched in clubs , and remained resolutely separate .
the british raj , though , was firmly entrenched in clubs , and [stayed] resolutely separate .

Kashmir remained an unresolved problem of Partition .
kashmir [stayed] an unresolved problem of partition .

The Scots themselves were divided , many embracing Protestantism in the spirit of the Reformation while others remained staunchly Catholic .
the scots themselves were divided , many embracing protestantism in the spirit of the reformation while others [stayed] staunchly catholic .

Many Indians remained and established small farms in the FWI , their descendants becoming an important and colorful segment of the population ( see box , page 42 ) .
many indians [stayed] and established small farms in the fwi , their descendants becoming an important and colorful segment of the population ( see box , page 42 ) .

Elizabeth I left Dublin Trinity College as her legacy — she founded it as a seat of Protestant learning , and it remained just that well into the mid-20th century .
elizabeth i left dublin trinity college as her legacy — she founded it as a seat of protestant learning , and it [stayed] just that well into the mid-20th century .

Their rebellion was aborted , but the society remained active and was influential in the efforts of the National Land League , founded in 1879 , which sought to change the tenant system .
their rebellion was aborted , but the society [stayed] active and was influential in the efforts of the national land league , founded in 1879 , which sought to change the tenant system .

During World War II , though bombs from German planes fell twice on Dublin , the country remained neutral .
during world war ii , though bombs from german planes fell twice on dublin , the country [stayed] neutral .

The western door of the pair is open ; the eastern door was bricked up after the Crusaders lost Jerusalem in 1187 and has remained shut ever since .
the western door of the pair is open ; the eastern door was bricked up after the crusaders lost jerusalem in 1187 and has [stayed] shut ever since .

Jerusalem ’ s physical existence as a spiritual city seemed finished , but its spiritual power for Jews , and for the struggling new Christian religion , remained .
jerusalem ’ s physical existence as a spiritual city seemed finished , but its spiritual power for jews , and for the struggling new christian religion , [stayed] .

The Holy City remained a backwater until the 19th century , when renewed interest among Christian pilgrims made it the destination of thousands of travelers each year .
the holy city [stayed] a backwater until the 19th century , when renewed interest among christian pilgrims made it the destination of thousands of travelers each year .

Unfortunately it was damaged by fire several times and what remained was completely destroyed in 640 during the Arab invasion .
unfortunately it was damaged by fire several times and what [stayed] was completely destroyed in 640 during the arab invasion .

In modern times the Sinai had become a backwater protected from the ravages of the modern world , and perhaps it would have remained one of the world ’ s undiscovered spots if it hadn ’ t been for one invention : Self Contained Underwater Breathing Apparatus ( SCUBA ) .
in modern times the sinai had become a backwater protected from the ravages of the modern world , and perhaps it would have [stayed] one of the world ’ s undiscovered spots if it hadn ’ t been for one invention : self contained underwater breathing apparatus ( scuba ) .

The slaves themselves also began organizing revolts ( the first in 1760 ) , but their situation remained the same .
the slaves themselves also began organizing revolts ( the first in 1760 ) , but their situation [stayed] the same .

There was no economic infrastructure outside the plantation system , and power remained in the hands of a small minority of white and mixed-race individuals .
there was no economic infrastructure outside the plantation system , and power [stayed] in the hands of a small minority of white and mixed-race individuals .

The desire for revenge against Germany remained .
the desire for revenge against germany [stayed] .

Kyoto has nevertheless remained the repository of the nation ’ s noblest cultural pursuits and architectural legacy .
kyoto has nevertheless [stayed] the repository of the nation ’ s noblest cultural pursuits and architectural legacy .

In spite of high unemployment and separatist rumblings , the country ’ s economic growth rate remained one of the highest in all of western Europe throughout the 1980s .
in spite of high unemployment and separatist rumblings , the country ’ s economic growth rate [stayed] one of the highest in all of western europe throughout the 1980s .

Statehood and Tourism After the war , sugarcane and pineapple production remained strong for a time , but tourism began its rise to ascendancy .
statehood and tourism after the war , sugarcane and pineapple production [stayed] strong for a time , but tourism began its rise to ascendancy .

Turkey remained neutral during World War II until 1945 , when it entered the war on the side of the Allies .
turkey [stayed] neutral during world war ii until 1945 , when it entered the war on the side of the allies .

The Democratic Party was elected in 1950 , and remained in control until 1960 , when , faced with increasing social and economic difficulties , it was overthrown by a military coup .
the democratic party was elected in 1950 , and [stayed] in control until 1960 , when , faced with increasing social and economic difficulties , it was overthrown by a military coup .

While Florentine art developed its formidable intellectual and emotional power , the tone of Sienese painting — Simone Martini , the Lorenzettis , even the Mannerist Sodoma — remained gentle and delicate , bathed in the light and color of its surrounding countryside .
while florentine art developed its formidable intellectual and emotional power , the tone of sienese painting — simone martini , the lorenzettis , even the mannerist sodoma — [stayed] gentle and delicate , bathed in the light and color of its surrounding countryside .

Apart from pilgrims streaming to St. Francis ’ s Assisi and university students heading for Perugia , it has remained — at least in the eyes of foreign visitors — a very happy backwater .
apart from pilgrims streaming to st. francis ’ s assisi and university students heading for perugia , it has [stayed] — at least in the eyes of foreign visitors — a very happy backwater .

Most of the cities remained under its domination until the 15th century , yet retained much of their individuality .
most of the cities [stayed] under its domination until the 15th century , yet retained much of their individuality .

The Moors were expelled from the town , but they remained in control of southern Spain for almost four centuries .
the moors were expelled from the town , but they [stayed] in control of southern spain for almost four centuries .

Madrid remained in Republican hands for most of the war , but the government was evacuated in the early stages of a nationalist siege that lasted until March 1939 .
madrid [stayed] in republican hands for most of the war , but the government was evacuated in the early stages of a nationalist siege that lasted until march 1939 .

Romans infused Greek refinement with their own energy to create a unique mixture of elegance and realism , delicacy and strength , which have remained the essence of Italian life and art .
romans infused greek refinement with their own energy to create a unique mixture of elegance and realism , delicacy and strength , which have [stayed] the essence of italian life and art .

Despite military expeditions by the Franks and Byzantines , however , the Arabs remained on the Italian scene for two centuries .
despite military expeditions by the franks and byzantines , however , the arabs [stayed] on the italian scene for two centuries .

Divided in the 14th century between the Spanish in Sicily and the French in Naples , southern Italy remained solidly feudal .
divided in the 14th century between the spanish in sicily and the french in naples , southern italy [stayed] solidly feudal .

Outside the Austrian sphere of influence , Italy remained solidly conservative .
outside the austrian sphere of influence , italy [stayed] solidly conservative .

Italian fascism remained more of a style than a coherent ideology , typified by the raised-arm salute replacing the “ weakling ” handshake , bombastic architecture , and Mussolini ’ s arrogant harangues from the Palazzo Venezia ’ s “ heroic balcony ” in Rome .
italian fascism [stayed] more of a style than a coherent ideology , typified by the raised-arm salute replacing the “ weakling ” handshake , bombastic architecture , and mussolini ’ s arrogant harangues from the palazzo venezia ’ s “ heroic balcony ” in rome .

While Hong Kong remained a relative backwater in early days , nearby Guangzhou ( Canton ) was developing into a great trading city with connections in India and the Middle East .
while hong kong [stayed] a relative backwater in early days , nearby guangzhou ( canton ) was developing into a great trading city with connections in india and the middle east .

At the end of World War II , Hong Kong took stock of what remained — the population was down to half a million , and there was no industry , no fishing fleet , and few houses and public services .
at the end of world war ii , hong kong took stock of what [stayed] — the population was down to half a million , and there was no industry , no fishing fleet , and few houses and public services .

Peninsular Malaysia and northwest Borneo remained under the British , but their influence was limited .
peninsular malaysia and northwest borneo [stayed] under the british , but their influence was limited .

The White Rajahs of Borneo In the 19th century , Borneo remained relatively undeveloped .
the white rajahs of borneo in the 19th century , borneo [stayed] relatively undeveloped .

The Country and ITS People As Malaysia has moved resolutely into the modern age , it has also remained , culturally and historically , a rich , multi-layered blend of traditions wrapped up within a modern , busy economy .
the country and its people as malaysia has moved resolutely into the modern age , it has also [stayed] , culturally and historically , a rich , multi-layered blend of traditions wrapped up within a modern , busy economy .

While the nearby Malwa and Gujarat came under Muslim rule , Rajputana remained Hindu .
while the nearby malwa and gujarat came under muslim rule , rajputana [stayed] hindu .

Having remained untouched for 1,000 years , until British soldiers discovered it during a tiger hunt in 1819 , Ajanta has the advantage over Ellora , whose caves were in constant use as dwelling places .
having [stayed] untouched for 1,000 years , until british soldiers discovered it during a tiger hunt in 1819 , ajanta has the advantage over ellora , whose caves were in constant use as dwelling places .

It has remained ever since a center of the Hindu sciences .
it has [stayed] ever since a center of the hindu sciences .

Survival here is a creative art ; it is no accident that Calcutta remained the country ’ s intellectual and cultural capital long after it relinquished government to Delhi .
survival here is a creative art ; it is no accident that calcutta [stayed] the country ’ s intellectual and cultural capital long after it relinquished government to delhi .

Driven south , the Dravidians remained not only geographically separate , but also politically independent , impervious to the waves of foreign invaders .
driven south , the dravidians [stayed] not only geographically separate , but also politically independent , impervious to the waves of foreign invaders .

The Spanish remained for another 60 years , and Madeira became a Spanish territory .
the spanish [stayed] for another 60 years , and madeira became a spanish territory .

Many of the garrison remained and settled per­ma­nently on the island .
many of the garrison [stayed] and settled per­ma­nently on the island .

Although swords , bows , and arrows remained the mainstays of warfare , suddenly matchlocks , muskets , and cannons made their appearance .
although swords , bows , and arrows [stayed] the mainstays of warfare , suddenly matchlocks , muskets , and cannons made their appearance .

The Meiji Restoration In 1868 the Satsuma and Choshu clans , never a real threat to Tokugawa authority as long as they remained rivals , joined forces to overthrow the shogun and restore the authority of the emperor , the 14-year-old Mitsuhito .
the meiji restoration in 1868 the satsuma and choshu clans , never a real threat to tokugawa authority as long as they [stayed] rivals , joined forces to overthrow the shogun and restore the authority of the emperor , the 14-year-old mitsuhito .

Just south of the often snow-capped San Gabriel Mountains is the charming city of Pasadena , which has remained true to its Native American Indian name meaning “ Crown of the Valley .
just south of the often snow-capped san gabriel mountains is the charming city of pasadena , which has [stayed] true to its native american indian name meaning “ crown of the valley .

Preserved from logging , most of the rainforest has remained .
preserved from logging , most of the rainforest has [stayed] .

The structure has remained practically unchanged and was a private home until 1951 ; its owners never added the modern conveniences of electricity and plumbing .
the structure has [stayed] practically unchanged and was a private home until 1951 ; its owners never added the modern conveniences of electricity and plumbing .

In 1961 , a small colony of Bermuda petrels was discovered to be nesting on Nonsuch , and it has remained a sanctuary for the birds since that time .
in 1961 , a small colony of bermuda petrels was discovered to be nesting on nonsuch , and it has [stayed] a sanctuary for the birds since that time .

The settlers who founded the town in 1615 created a basic grid pattern that has remained unchanged .
the settlers who founded the town in 1615 created a basic grid pattern that has [stayed] unchanged .

Although Britain officially remained neutral , Bermudians favored the South , wanting to help their friends — and make a lot of money in the process .
although britain officially [stayed] neutral , bermudians favored the south , wanting to help their friends — and make a lot of money in the process .

His reign was a difficult time for Spain ; prosperity and stability eluded the country , which remained neutral during World War I .
his reign was a difficult time for spain ; prosperity and stability eluded the country , which [stayed] neutral during world war i .

Hungary remained beyond the reach of western Europe until the first century a.d. , when the Roman empire ’ s legions advanced and pushed its northeast frontier to the Danube .
hungary [stayed] beyond the reach of western europe until the first century a.d. , when the roman empire ’ s legions advanced and pushed its northeast frontier to the danube .

During construction work at the start of the 15th century , the statues were thrown out in the yard , which was later filled in , and they remained there until excavated in 1974 .
during construction work at the start of the 15th century , the statues were thrown out in the yard , which was later filled in , and they [stayed] there until excavated in 1974 .

The Yucatán remained a backwater , largely forgotten and ignored .
the yucatán [stayed] a backwater , largely forgotten and ignored .

Both little towns have a languid atmosphere and have remained small enough to enable you to really know the place within the first few hours after arrival , yet also offer a pleasant selection of accommodations at very reasonable prices .
both little towns have a languid atmosphere and have [stayed] small enough to enable you to really know the place within the first few hours after arrival , yet also offer a pleasant selection of accommodations at very reasonable prices .

The historic heart of Amsterdam has remained unchanged mainly because of people power .
the historic heart of amsterdam has [stayed] unchanged mainly because of people power .

The code , more liberal than the laws elsewhere in the South , remained in force in Louisiana for a century .
the code , more liberal than the laws elsewhere in the south , [stayed] in force in louisiana for a century .

With Portugal facing the Atlantic Ocean , rather than the Mediterranean Sea , it remained cut off from most trade routes .
with portugal facing the atlantic ocean , rather than the mediterranean sea , it [stayed] cut off from most trade routes .

Portugal soon lapsed into decline , though , tattered by wars and constitutional crises , and for two centuries or more the Algarve remained isolated from the rest of Europe .
portugal soon lapsed into decline , though , tattered by wars and constitutional crises , and for two centuries or more the algarve [stayed] isolated from the rest of europe .

The British had scattered Nova Scotia ’ s French Acadians , some to the nearby islands of St. Pierre and Miquelon ( still French today ) , others as far as Louisiana , while a small nucleus remained in New Brunswick .
the british had scattered nova scotia ’ s french acadians , some to the nearby islands of st. pierre and miquelon ( still french today ) , others as far as louisiana , while a small nucleus [stayed] in new brunswick .

In the 1990s , Québec has remained a part of the Canadian federation by only the slimmest electoral margins .
in the 1990s , québec has [stayed] a part of the canadian federation by only the slimmest electoral margins .

The twin towers , Baroque façade , and Byzantine dome of the Iglesia Nuestra Señora de la Concepción dominate a fascinating skyline that has remained virtually unchanged for centuries .
the twin towers , baroque façade , and byzantine dome of the iglesia nuestra señora de la concepción dominate a fascinating skyline that has [stayed] virtually unchanged for centuries .

During the rest of the 19th century , the Dutch , using the rajas and other aristocrats as regents , took control over most of Bali , but their influence in the south remained limited .
during the rest of the 19th century , the dutch , using the rajas and other aristocrats as regents , took control over most of bali , but their influence in the south [stayed] limited .

Bali , with its unique Hindu culture and its international , tourism-oriented outlook , has remained an island of stability throughout this unsettled period of Indonesian history .
bali , with its unique hindu culture and its international , tourism-oriented outlook , has [stayed] an island of stability throughout this unsettled period of indonesian history .

It remained almost uninhabited through the 18th century .
it [stayed] almost uninhabited through the 18th century .

Until the end of the 16th century , Cuba remained a fairly insignificant Spanish colony .
until the end of the 16th century , cuba [stayed] a fairly insignificant spanish colony .

Cuba remained a colony of Spain , but the war contributed to the abolition of slavery on the island in 1886 and planted the seeds of a national consciousness .
cuba [stayed] a colony of spain , but the war contributed to the abolition of slavery on the island in 1886 and planted the seeds of a national consciousness .

Washington remained fundamentally opposed to Cuba ’ s political evolution and sought to isolate Castro in Latin America .
washington [stayed] fundamentally opposed to cuba ’ s political evolution and sought to isolate castro in latin america .

Those who remained focused on preserving Polish language and culture if not the Polish state .
those who [stayed] focused on preserving polish language and culture if not the polish state .

Some of its splendor fell victim to 19th-century building speculation , but the avenue remained fashionable until the bombs of World War II reduced it to rubble .
some of its splendor fell victim to 19th-century building speculation , but the avenue [stayed] fashionable until the bombs of world war ii reduced it to rubble .

The palace balcony from which Spartacist leader Karl Liebknecht proclaimed his doomed “ Socialist Republic ” in 1918 was added to the front of the Staatsrat ( Council of State ) building on the east side of the square , while the monstrous bronze , glass , and steel Palast der Republik , once , not so very long ago , the seat of East Germany ’ s parliament , replaced what remained of the royal residence .
the palace balcony from which spartacist leader karl liebknecht proclaimed his doomed “ socialist republic ” in 1918 was added to the front of the staatsrat ( council of state ) building on the east side of the square , while the monstrous bronze , glass , and steel palast der republik , once , not so very long ago , the seat of east germany ’ s parliament , replaced what [stayed] of the royal residence .

The long peninsula of Baja ( Lower ) California remained separate and ultimately became part of Mexico .
the long peninsula of baja ( lower ) california [stayed] separate and ultimately became part of mexico .

The missionaries remained active well into the 19th century , and encouraged Spanish settlers by establishing California ’ s first towns , the pueblos .
the missionaries [stayed] active well into the 19th century , and encouraged spanish settlers by establishing california ’ s first towns , the pueblos .

After the disaster , Mycenean Greeks from the Peloponnese moved in to control what remained of the Minoan settlements — they may even have precipitated the destruction .
after the disaster , mycenean greeks from the peloponnese moved in to control what [stayed] of the minoan settlements — they may even have precipitated the destruction .

Crete remained a province of the Roman Empire until a.d. 395 , with Górtis as its capital .
crete [stayed] a province of the roman empire until a.d. 395 , with górtis as its capital .

Attacks by pirates and Islamic forces brought terror to the people , but Cretans remained loyal to the Orthodox Church throughout the Arab occupation of a.d. 824–961 .
attacks by pirates and islamic forces brought terror to the people , but cretans [stayed] loyal to the orthodox church throughout the arab occupation of a.d. 824–961 .

Peisistratus established a dynasty that remained in uninterrupted power for half a century .
peisistratus established a dynasty that [stayed] in uninterrupted power for half a century .

Culturally and intellectually Athens still remained unsurpassed through the fourth century b.c .
culturally and intellectually athens still [stayed] unsurpassed through the fourth century b.c .

He took the name George I , King of the Hellenes , and remained in power for 50 years until his assassination in 1913 .
he took the name george i , king of the hellenes , and [stayed] in power for 50 years until his assassination in 1913 .

While much of Spain was under Moorish domination , Barcelona and most of Catalonia remained linked to northern Europe , a geo-political wrinkle that would do much to determine the distinct Catalonian character .
while much of spain was under moorish domination , barcelona and most of catalonia [stayed] linked to northern europe , a geo-political wrinkle that would do much to determine the distinct catalonian character .

For years , Barcelona received little financial support from Madrid , and Spain remained essentially cut off from the rest of Europe .
for years , barcelona received little financial support from madrid , and spain [stayed] essentially cut off from the rest of europe .

This remote group of islands remained unnamed until it was spotted by Spanish navigator Juan Bermúdez in 1503 .
this remote group of islands [stayed] unnamed until it was spotted by spanish navigator juan bermúdez in 1503 .

Although Britain remained officially neutral and British subjects were forbidden from taking part in the hostilities , the Bermudians pitched in to help supply British arms and goods to the Confederate cause against the Union forces .
although britain [stayed] officially neutral and british subjects were forbidden from taking part in the hostilities , the bermudians pitched in to help supply british arms and goods to the confederate cause against the union forces .

Portugal remained neutral during World War II , and Salazar demonstrated his financial acumen by selling materials and supplies to both sides .
portugal [stayed] neutral during world war ii , and salazar demonstrated his financial acumen by selling materials and supplies to both sides .

The people of the Abacos remained staunchly pro-British even into modern times , and of all the Bahamians they were the ones who expressed the most apprehension about the bid for independence in 1973 .
the people of the abacos [stayed] staunchly pro-british even into modern times , and of all the bahamians they were the ones who expressed the most apprehension about the bid for independence in 1973 .

The Spaniards wiped out the population of Lucayan Indians who lived here , and the island remained unpopulated for over 200 years , until it was settled by a number of Loyalist families from the American colonies .
the spaniards wiped out the population of lucayan indians who lived here , and the island [stayed] unpopulated for over 200 years , until it was settled by a number of loyalist families from the american colonies .

During the war with France in 1672 , when Amsterdam had its supply of money cut off , the tower was transformed for a short time into the city mint , and the name has remained since that time .
during the war with france in 1672 , when amsterdam had its supply of money cut off , the tower was transformed for a short time into the city mint , and the name has [stayed] since that time .

It has remained a Royal Palace ever since but it is not a royal residence à la Buckingham Palace in London , and is only used for ceremonial occasions .
it has [stayed] a royal palace ever since but it is not a royal residence à la buckingham palace in london , and is only used for ceremonial occasions .

The Shah kings remained , but had only ceremonial power .
the shah kings [stayed] , but had only ceremonial power .

These include a number of other Buddhas , to be approached for favor through meditation , and saint-like Bodhisattvas who achieved enlightenment but remained active to help humankind find the right path .
these include a number of other buddhas , to be approached for favor through meditation , and saint-like bodhisattvas who achieved enlightenment but [stayed] active to help humankind find the right path .

After the cataclysm only the mountaintops of Atlantis remained above the sea and constituted seven islands .
after the cataclysm only the mountaintops of atlantis [stayed] above the sea and constituted seven islands .

He and the Duchess remained until 1945 .
he and the duchess [stayed] until 1945 .

For many years , the church remained much as it was when Gaudí died .
for many years , the church [stayed] much as it was when gaudí died .

The fortress atop Montjuïc , built in 1640 , remained in use by the army and then as a prison until shortly before it was turned over to the city to become a museum in 1960 .
the fortress atop montjuïc , built in 1640 , [stayed] in use by the army and then as a prison until shortly before it was turned over to the city to become a museum in 1960 .

During the Spanish Civil War , when anti-clerical feelings were violent among the Republicans in Barcelona , La Moreneta was secretly replaced by a copy ; the original remained hidden during the Franco years .
during the spanish civil war , when anti-clerical feelings were violent among the republicans in barcelona , la moreneta was secretly replaced by a copy ; the original [stayed] hidden during the franco years .

Several of the ports that were important prior to the conquest have — in one way or another — remained on the map as major destinations to this day .
several of the ports that were important prior to the conquest have — in one way or another — [stayed] on the map as major destinations to this day .

Without any highways or an airport to connect it to other major cities , Puerto Vallarta remained in secluded tranquility for almost 50 years — until the 1963 filming of Night of the Iguana .
without any highways or an airport to connect it to other major cities , puerto vallarta [stayed] in secluded tranquility for almost 50 years — until the 1963 filming of night of the iguana .

The cross remained during the Spanish conquest and even survived an attempt to destroy it by the pirate Cavendish .
the cross [stayed] during the spanish conquest and even survived an attempt to destroy it by the pirate cavendish .

Much more interesting and exciting is to continue on about 25 miles to Tetuan , Morocco , parts of which seem to have remained unchanged for centuries .
much more interesting and exciting is to continue on about 25 miles to tetuan , morocco , parts of which seem to have [stayed] unchanged for centuries .

Cross the bridge into the Ciudad , the old Moorish enclave which remained impervious to Christian assault until 1485 , to see most of Ronda ’ s most important monuments .
cross the bridge into the ciudad , the old moorish enclave which [stayed] impervious to christian assault until 1485 , to see most of ronda ’ s most important monuments .

Alcalá la Real , as it was known in Roman times , was a Moorish fortified city from the early 8th century and remained a strategic bastion until the re-conquest of Granada in 1492 , after which further Christian monuments were added .
alcalá la real , as it was known in roman times , was a moorish fortified city from the early 8th century and [stayed] a strategic bastion until the re-conquest of granada in 1492 , after which further christian monuments were added .

The Venetian garrison remained here until 1715 , over 60 years after the fall of Iráklion , and only left after a treaty gave them safe passage .
the venetian garrison [stayed] here until 1715 , over 60 years after the fall of iráklion , and only left after a treaty gave them safe passage .

The converted Jews ( conversos ) and Moors ( Moriscos ) who remained in Spain were viewed with suspicion by the Inquisition , which had been established by the Catholic Monarchs to stamp out heresy .
the converted jews ( conversos ) and moors ( moriscos ) who [stayed] in spain were viewed with suspicion by the inquisition , which had been established by the catholic monarchs to stamp out heresy .

Prosperity and stability continued to elude the country , which remained neutral during World War I .
prosperity and stability continued to elude the country , which [stayed] neutral during world war i .

Despite high unemployment figures and separatist rumblings , the country ’ s economy has remained one of the fastest growing in Western Europe .
despite high unemployment figures and separatist rumblings , the country ’ s economy has [stayed] one of the fastest growing in western europe .

Hundreds of case files , as well as two offices in Pasadena and Pomona , remained under the old program 's control until the litigation ended in August 2001 .
hundreds of case files , as well as two offices in pasadena and pomona , [stayed] under the old program 's control until the litigation ended in august 2001 .

They stressed that constant vigilance was needed to ensure that controls remained appropriate -- addressing current risks and not unnecessarily hindering operations -- and that individuals who used and maintained information systems complied with organizational policies .
they stressed that constant vigilance was needed to ensure that controls [stayed] appropriate -- addressing current risks and not unnecessarily hindering operations -- and that individuals who used and maintained information systems complied with organizational policies .

The resulting constant dollar value is that which would exist if prices had remained at the same average level as in the base period .
the resulting constant dollar value is that which would exist if prices had [stayed] at the same average level as in the base period .

As part of this new approach , the Corps reformed its processes , revising its policies and procedures to ensure that only those that were necessary remained .
as part of this new approach , the corps reformed its processes , revising its policies and procedures to ensure that only those that were necessary [stayed] .

They stressed that constant vigilance was needed to ensure that controls remained appropriate -- addressing current risks and not unnecessarily hindering operations -- and that individuals who used and maintained information systems complied with organizational policies .
they stressed that constant vigilance was needed to ensure that controls [stayed] appropriate -- addressing current risks and not unnecessarily hindering operations -- and that individuals who used and maintained information systems complied with organizational policies .

Although Washington remained the center of GAO 's activities , the agency 's auditors first began doing fieldwork in the mid1930s .
although washington [stayed] the center of gao 's activities , the agency 's auditors first began doing fieldwork in the mid1930s .

The comment period , following an extension , remained open for 144 days .
the comment period , following an extension , [stayed] open for 144 days .

Figure II.2 shows the length of time that problems have remained open in order to demonstrate how quickly software problems are resolved once found .
figure ii.2 shows the length of time that problems have [stayed] open in order to demonstrate how quickly software problems are resolved once found .

Since March 1991 , the United States has enjoyed its longest postwar economic expansion-unemployment and inflation have remained relatively low and stable , and the stock market has achieved record highs .
since march 1991 , the united states has enjoyed its longest postwar economic expansion-unemployment and inflation have [stayed] relatively low and stable , and the stock market has achieved record highs .

While most infrastructure spending takes place at the state , local , or private-sector level , the federal government also invests in infrastructure such as highways , bridges , and air traffic control.22 As federal unified deficits declined over the 1990s , federal investment in nondefense physical assets remained relatively constant as a share of GDP .
while most infrastructure spending takes place at the state , local , or private-sector level , the federal government also invests in infrastructure such as highways , bridges , and air traffic control.22 as federal unified deficits declined over the 1990s , federal investment in nondefense physical assets [stayed] relatively constant as a share of gdp .

Federal spending on education and nondefense R & D , which is intended to enhance the nation 's long-term productivity , also remained relatively constant as a share of GDP over the 1990s .
federal spending on education and nondefense r & d , which is intended to enhance the nation 's long-term productivity , also [stayed] relatively constant as a share of gdp over the 1990s .

The kinds of cases handled , the strategies for addressing the legal needs of service area residents , and the client community itself remained pretty much the same in most LSC programs until the 1990 's .
the kinds of cases handled , the strategies for addressing the legal needs of service area residents , and the client community itself [stayed] pretty much the same in most lsc programs until the 1990 's .

While the idealism and vision of a new world remained part of our mantra , its place of honor receded , as legal services became business as usual for many grantees .
while the idealism and vision of a new world [stayed] part of our mantra , its place of honor receded , as legal services became business as usual for many grantees .

Farmworker Legal Services of New York reports that it has not successfully referred an H-2A case to private counsel in fifteen years unless the LSC recipient remained actively involved .
farmworker legal services of new york reports that it has not successfully referred an h-2a case to private counsel in fifteen years unless the lsc recipient [stayed] actively involved .

Thus , IRCA deemed H-2As to be `` permanent resident aliens '' -a category eligible for LSC legal assistance -- for the purposes of receiving legal assistance from the Corporation.21 According to the comment from Representative Berman provided to the Commission , Congress was aware of the presence requirement and intended that the requirement be consistent with the provision of meaningful representation to the H-2A workers under IRCA : Those of us who actively participated in drafting section 305 , granting LSC the ability to represent H-2A workers and H-2A eligibility for such services , were very much aware of the alien-representation restrictions in the annual LSC appropriations bills ... Congress did not view the present in the United States language in the appropriations bill as limiting the representation of H-2A workers to the time period during which they remained in the United States .
thus , irca deemed h-2as to be `` permanent resident aliens '' -a category eligible for lsc legal assistance -- for the purposes of receiving legal assistance from the corporation.21 according to the comment from representative berman provided to the commission , congress was aware of the presence requirement and intended that the requirement be consistent with the provision of meaningful representation to the h-2a workers under irca : those of us who actively participated in drafting section 305 , granting lsc the ability to represent h-2a workers and h-2a eligibility for such services , were very much aware of the alien-representation restrictions in the annual lsc appropriations bills ... congress did not view the present in the united states language in the appropriations bill as limiting the representation of h-2a workers to the time period during which they [stayed] in the united states .

Congress also for the first time explicitly added H-2A workers to the categories of aliens eligible for legal assistance under the LSC appropriations act , although that assistance remained limited to claims under the workers ' employment contract .
congress also for the first time explicitly added h-2a workers to the categories of aliens eligible for legal assistance under the lsc appropriations act , although that assistance [stayed] limited to claims under the workers ' employment contract .

Congressman from the 14th District of Illinois in 1965 and remained in office until 1984 .
congressman from the 14th district of illinois in 1965 and [stayed] in office until 1984 .

We saw that , despite vigorous efforts to increase diversity in state justice communities and particularly in leadership positions , the ethnic profiles of our executive directors remained virtually unchanged , and the number of women directors was significantly lower than their percentage in the attorney workforce .
we saw that , despite vigorous efforts to increase diversity in state justice communities and particularly in leadership positions , the ethnic profiles of our executive directors [stayed] virtually unchanged , and the number of women directors was significantly lower than their percentage in the attorney workforce .

In sensitive areas such as the Adirondacks , for example , the majority of lakes have remained fairly constant in terms of acidification levels , while the most sensitive lakes continue to acidify .
in sensitive areas such as the adirondacks , for example , the majority of lakes have [stayed] fairly constant in terms of acidification levels , while the most sensitive lakes continue to acidify .

The above changes would allow substantial reductions in the complexity of rates and in the complexity of the data systems , which in turn would allow improvements in the costs and volumes for the subclasses that remained .
the above changes would allow substantial reductions in the complexity of rates and in the complexity of the data systems , which in turn would allow improvements in the costs and volumes for the subclasses that [stayed] .

The $ 1.7 billion remained .
the $ 1.7 billion [stayed] .

Note that the cross-hatched trapezoid area is the welfare gain of the shifting mailers.17 Note also that there was no welfare effect on any other basic mailers , because they all remained * at the same Pb , and then the shift volume was allowed to leave .
note that the cross-hatched trapezoid area is the welfare gain of the shifting mailers.17 note also that there was no welfare effect on any other basic mailers , because they all [stayed] * at the same pb , and then the shift volume was allowed to leave .

His relationship with her remained close throughout his time in the United States .
his relationship with her [stayed] close throughout his time in the united states .

He met with KSM , who remained annoyed at his decision to go AWOL .
he met with ksm , who [stayed] annoyed at his decision to go awol .

Others remained on-site but were no longer part of the official chain of command .
others [stayed] on-site but were no longer part of the official chain of command .

Although Silverstein Properties was in charge of the WTC on September 11 , the WTC fire safety plan remained essentially the same .
although silverstein properties was in charge of the wtc on september 11 , the wtc fire safety plan [stayed] essentially the same .

Hundreds more remained alive but trapped .
hundreds more [stayed] alive but trapped .

Some remained to wait for help , as advised by 911 operators .
some [stayed] to wait for help , as advised by 911 operators .

Some Port Authority civilian employees remained on various upper floors to help civilians who were trapped and to assist in the evacuation .
some port authority civilian employees [stayed] on various upper floors to help civilians who were trapped and to assist in the evacuation .

As a result of the announcement , many civilians remained on their floors .
as a result of the announcement , many civilians [stayed] on their floors .

NYPD helicopters and ESU officers remained on the scene throughout the morning , prepared to commence rescue operations on the roof if conditions improved .
nypd helicopters and esu officers [stayed] on the scene throughout the morning , prepared to commence rescue operations on the roof if conditions improved .

As a consequence-and in contrast to the situation in the NorthTower-one of the stairwells ( A ) initially remained passable from at least the 91st floor down , and likely from top to bottom .
as a consequence-and in contrast to the situation in the northtower-one of the stairwells ( a ) initially [stayed] passable from at least the 91st floor down , and likely from top to bottom .

Others remained on the floor to help the injured and move victims who were unable to walk to the stairwell to aid their rescue .
others [stayed] on the floor to help the injured and move victims who were unable to walk to the stairwell to aid their rescue .

Still others remained alive in the impact zone above the 78th floor .
still others [stayed] alive in the impact zone above the 78th floor .

Some civilians remained on affected floors , and at least one ascended from a lower point into the impact zone , to help evacuate colleagues or assist the injured .
some civilians [stayed] on affected floors , and at least one ascended from a lower point into the impact zone , to help evacuate colleagues or assist the injured .

By 9:30 , a number of civilians who had failed to reach the roof remained on the 105th floor , likely unable to descend because of intensifying smoke in the stairwell .
by 9:30 , a number of civilians who had failed to reach the roof [stayed] on the 105th floor , likely unable to descend because of intensifying smoke in the stairwell .

There were reports of tremendous smoke on that floor , but at least one area remained less affected until shortly before the building collapsed .
there were reports of tremendous smoke on that floor , but at least one area [stayed] less affected until shortly before the building collapsed .

At least a hundred people remained alive on the 88th and 89th floors , in some cases calling 911 for direction .
at least a hundred people [stayed] alive on the 88th and 89th floors , in some cases calling 911 for direction .

The 911 system remained plagued by the operators ' lack of awareness of what was occurring .
the 911 system [stayed] plagued by the operators ' lack of awareness of what was occurring .

However , a number of civilians remained in at least stairwell C , approaching lower floors .
however , a number of civilians [stayed] in at least stairwell c , approaching lower floors .

Although the Chief of Department had general authority over operations , tactical decisions remained the province of the lobby commanders .
although the chief of department had general authority over operations , tactical decisions [stayed] the province of the lobby commanders .

As late as 10:28 , people remained alive in some locations , including on the 92nd and 79th floors .
as late as 10:28 , people [stayed] alive in some locations , including on the 92nd and 79th floors .

Some firefighters were determined not to leave the building while other FDNY personnel remained inside and , in one case , convinced others to remain with them .
some firefighters were determined not to leave the building while other fdny personnel [stayed] inside and , in one case , convinced others to remain with them .

After the South Tower collapsed , some firefighters on the streets neighboring the North Tower remained where they were or came closer to the North Tower .
after the south tower collapsed , some firefighters on the streets neighboring the north tower [stayed] where they were or came closer to the north tower .

Nevertheless , they remained effective enough for the two closest NYPD mobilization points to be moved further from the WTC at 10:06 .
nevertheless , they [stayed] effective enough for the two closest nypd mobilization points to be moved further from the wtc at 10:06 .

They remained in the area , conducting additional searches for civilians ; all but two of them died .
they [stayed] in the area , conducting additional searches for civilians ; all but two of them died .

They remained at this post until the NorthTower collapsed , yet all survived .
they [stayed] at this post until the northtower collapsed , yet all survived .

Stairwells remained lit near unaffected floors ; some tenants relied on procedures learned in fire drills to help them to safety ; others were guided down the stairs by fire safety officials based in the lobby .
stairwells [stayed] lit near unaffected floors ; some tenants relied on procedures learned in fire drills to help them to safety ; others were guided down the stairs by fire safety officials based in the lobby .

Indeed , this strict interpretation remained in effect until the USA PATRIOT Act was passed after 9/11 .
indeed , this strict interpretation [stayed] in effect until the usa patriot act was passed after 9/11 .

For firefighters not leaving while others remained and convincing others to stay with them , see FDNY interview , transcript 4 , Battalion 4 , Oct. 9 , 2001 ; FDNY interview 57 , SOC ( Apr .
for firefighters not leaving while others [stayed] and convincing others to stay with them , see fdny interview , transcript 4 , battalion 4 , oct. 9 , 2001 ; fdny interview 57 , soc ( apr .

Ironically , had the towers remained up longer , scores more first responders would have died .
ironically , had the towers [stayed] up longer , scores more first responders would have died .

Their cases remained closed as of 9/11 , were not reopened before they departed the country on this flight , and have not been reopened since .
their cases [stayed] closed as of 9/11 , were not reopened before they departed the country on this flight , and have not been reopened since .

Kahtani was unable to prove his admissibility and withdrew his application for admission after an immigration inspector remained unpersuaded that he was a tourist .
kahtani was unable to prove his admissibility and withdrew his application for admission after an immigration inspector [stayed] unpersuaded that he was a tourist .

The source claimed that Bin Ladin asked for and received assistance from the bomb-making expert , who remained there giving training until September 1996 , which is when the information was passed to the United States .
the source claimed that bin ladin asked for and received assistance from the bomb-making expert , who [stayed] there giving training until september 1996 , which is when the information was passed to the united states .

It also showed again how-given a case to solve-the FBI remained capable of extraordinary investigative success .
it also showed again how-given a case to solve-the fbi [stayed] capable of extraordinary investigative success .

Although the FBI 's counterterrorism budget tripled during the mid-1990s , FBI counterterrorism spending remained fairly constant between fiscal years 1998 and 2001 .
although the fbi 's counterterrorism budget tripled during the mid-1990s , fbi counterterrorism spending [stayed] fairly constant between fiscal years 1998 and 2001 .

President Carter 's assertive national security advisor , Zbigniew Brzezinski , took charge , and the coordination function remained thereafter in the White House .
president carter 's assertive national security advisor , zbigniew brzezinski , took charge , and the coordination function [stayed] thereafter in the white house .

Remembered as `` Desert One , '' this failure remained vivid for members of the armed forces .
remembered as `` desert one , '' this failure [stayed] vivid for members of the armed forces .

What remained was the hard question of how deterrence could be effective when the adversary was a loose transnational network .
what [stayed] was the hard question of how deterrence could be effective when the adversary was a loose transnational network .

Traditional issues-foreign policy , defense , intelligence-continued to be handled by committees whose structure remained largely unaltered , while issues such as transnational terrorism fell between the cracks .
traditional issues-foreign policy , defense , intelligence-continued to be handled by committees whose structure [stayed] largely unaltered , while issues such as transnational terrorism fell between the cracks .

The status of the document was and remained uncertain .
the status of the document was and [stayed] uncertain .

Through every available channel , he repeated the earlier warning to the Taliban of the possible dire consequences-including military strikes-if Bin Ladin remained their guest and conducted additional attacks .
through every available channel , he repeated the earlier warning to the taliban of the possible dire consequences-including military strikes-if bin ladin [stayed] their guest and conducted additional attacks .

The tribals remained active collectors of intelligence , however , providing good but not predictive information about Bin Ladin 's whereabouts .
the tribals [stayed] active collectors of intelligence , however , providing good but not predictive information about bin ladin 's whereabouts .

Two CIA analysts involved in preparing this briefing article believed it represented an opportunity to communicate their view that the threat of a Bin Ladin attack in the United States remained both current and serious .
two cia analysts involved in preparing this briefing article believed it represented an opportunity to communicate their view that the threat of a bin ladin attack in the united states [stayed] both current and serious .

Because the links between KSM and Bin Ladin or al Qaeda were not recognized at the time , responsibility for KSM remained in the small Islamic Extremist Branch of the Counterterrorist Center , not in the Bin Ladin unit .
because the links between ksm and bin ladin or al qaeda were not recognized at the time , responsibility for ksm [stayed] in the small islamic extremist branch of the counterterrorist center , not in the bin ladin unit .

Although disruption efforts around the world had achieved some successes , the core of Bin Ladin 's organization remained intact .
although disruption efforts around the world had achieved some successes , the core of bin ladin 's organization [stayed] intact .

Clarke asked Berger to try to make sure that the domestic agencies remained alert . ''
clarke asked berger to try to make sure that the domestic agencies [stayed] alert . ''

The CIA still believed that it remained underfunded for counterterrorism .
the cia still believed that it [stayed] underfunded for counterterrorism .

Ultimately , although the intelligence community devoted more resources to the issue and produced somewhat more intelligence , it remained difficult to distinguish al Qaeda 's financial transactions among the vast sums moving in the international financial system .
ultimately , although the intelligence community devoted more resources to the issue and produced somewhat more intelligence , it [stayed] difficult to distinguish al qaeda 's financial transactions among the vast sums moving in the international financial system .

Regardless , he said , the question remained how to get the `` ninjas '' into and out of the theater of operations .
regardless , he said , the question [stayed] how to get the `` ninjas '' into and out of the theater of operations .

Tenet remained Director of Central Intelligence and kept the same chief subordinates , including Black and his staff at the Counterterrorist Center .
tenet [stayed] director of central intelligence and kept the same chief subordinates , including black and his staff at the counterterrorist center .

Shelton remained chairman of the Joint Chiefs , with the Joint Staff largely the same .
shelton [stayed] chairman of the joint chiefs , with the joint staff largely the same .

At the FBI , Director Freeh and Assistant Director for Counterterrorism Dale Watson remained .
at the fbi , director freeh and assistant director for counterterrorism dale watson [stayed] .

While Clarke remained concerned about the pace of the policy review , he now saw a greater possibility of persuading the deputies to recognize the changed nature of terrorism .
while clarke [stayed] concerned about the pace of the policy review , he now saw a greater possibility of persuading the deputies to recognize the changed nature of terrorism .

The 1995 procedures remained in effect until after 9/11 .
the 1995 procedures [stayed] in effect until after 9/11 .

The military component remained unclear .
the military component [stayed] unclear .

Pakistan remained uncooperative .
pakistan [stayed] uncooperative .

In appealing to societies full of discontent , Bin Ladin remained credible as other leaders and symbols faded .
in appealing to societies full of discontent , bin ladin [stayed] credible as other leaders and symbols faded .

The outcome left Bin Ladin indisputably in charge of what remained of the MAK and al Qaeda .
the outcome left bin ladin indisputably in charge of what [stayed] of the mak and al qaeda .

While most of the group 's key figures had accompanied Bin Ladin to Afghanistan , Banshiri had remained in Kenya to oversee the training and weapons shipments of the cell set up some four years earlier .
while most of the group 's key figures had accompanied bin ladin to afghanistan , banshiri had [stayed] in kenya to oversee the training and weapons shipments of the cell set up some four years earlier .

Bin Ladin declined , apparently judging that his circumstances in Afghanistan remained more favorable than the Iraqi alternative .
bin ladin declined , apparently judging that his circumstances in afghanistan [stayed] more favorable than the iraqi alternative .

A looser circle of adherents might give money to al Qaeda or train in its camps but remained essentially independent .
a looser circle of adherents might give money to al qaeda or train in its camps but [stayed] essentially independent .

KSM claims he then fought the Soviets and remained at the front for three months before being summoned to perform administrative duties for Abdullah Azzam .
ksm claims he then fought the soviets and [stayed] at the front for three months before being summoned to perform administrative duties for abdullah azzam .

After the August 1998 missile strikes in Afghanistan , naval vessels remained on station in or near the region , prepared to fire cruise missiles .
after the august 1998 missile strikes in afghanistan , naval vessels [stayed] on station in or near the region , prepared to fire cruise missiles .

The Marienstrasse apartment remained an important location for the group even after Binalshibh , Atta , and Shehhi all moved out , as some of their closest associates , including Zakariya Essabar and Abdelghani Mzoudi , moved in .
the marienstrasse apartment [stayed] an important location for the group even after binalshibh , atta , and shehhi all moved out , as some of their closest associates , including zakariya essabar and abdelghani mzoudi , moved in .

Funding issues in other agencies remained unresolved .
funding issues in other agencies [stayed] unresolved .

While one of Ballinger 's colleagues assisted him , Ballinger remained responsible for multiple flights .
while one of ballinger 's colleagues assisted him , ballinger [stayed] responsible for multiple flights .

American military bases remained there until 2003 , as part of an international commitment to contain Iraq .
american military bases [stayed] there until 2003 , as part of an international commitment to contain iraq .

Although Saudi Arabia 's cooperation against terrorism improved to some extent after the September 11 attacks , significant problems remained .
although saudi arabia 's cooperation against terrorism improved to some extent after the september 11 attacks , significant problems [stayed] .

We believe it is more likely that Jarrah , the crucial pilot-trained member of their team , remained seated and inconspicuous until after the cockpit was seized ; and once inside , he would not have been visible to the passengers .
we believe it is more likely that jarrah , the crucial pilot-trained member of their team , [stayed] seated and inconspicuous until after the cockpit was seized ; and once inside , he would not have been visible to the passengers .

The target remained in Indianapolis Center 's airspace for another six minutes , then crossed into the western portion of Washington Center 's airspace at 9:10 .
the target [stayed] in indianapolis center 's airspace for another six minutes , then crossed into the western portion of washington center 's airspace at 9:10 .

Neural cells derive from multipotent progenitor cells , and recently , clonal human neural progenitor cells that remained multipotent and karyotypically stable through at least 15 passages were purified by flow-cytometry-based methods [ 14 ] .
neural cells derive from multipotent progenitor cells , and recently , clonal human neural progenitor cells that [stayed] multipotent and karyotypically stable through at least 15 passages were purified by flow-cytometry-based methods [ 14 ] .

After 2 wk at stage 2 , NS-derived cells remained in clusters ( see Figure 1A ) , but Nestin and Ki67 were expressed in fewer than 35 % of cells ( see Figure 2 ) , indicating possible differentiation of cells toward lineage-restricted fates .
after 2 wk at stage 2 , ns-derived cells [stayed] in clusters ( see figure 1a ) , but nestin and ki67 were expressed in fewer than 35 % of cells ( see figure 2 ) , indicating possible differentiation of cells toward lineage-restricted fates .

Thus , engrafted IPCs remained differentiated and survived up to a month following transplantation .
thus , engrafted ipcs [stayed] differentiated and survived up to a month following transplantation .

Moreover , IPCs transplanted into mice remained differentiated and released circulating human insulin in a glucose-dependent manner .
moreover , ipcs transplanted into mice [stayed] differentiated and released circulating human insulin in a glucose-dependent manner .

When diabetics ( diagnosed ) and participants with high glucose ( glucose > 300 mg/dl ) were removed from this analysis , all relationships remained significant except for the correlation between ghrelin and adiponectin , and ghrelin and insulin .
when diabetics ( diagnosed ) and participants with high glucose ( glucose > 300 mg/dl ) were removed from this analysis , all relationships [stayed] significant except for the correlation between ghrelin and adiponectin , and ghrelin and insulin .

Food consumption remained normal in sleep-deprived rats fed protein-rich diets , but increased 250 % in rats fed calorie-rich diets .
food consumption [stayed] normal in sleep-deprived rats fed protein-rich diets , but increased 250 % in rats fed calorie-rich diets .

Forty years later , Harvey lugged what remained of the brain cross-country to deliver it to Evelyn Einstein , a woman rumored to be the physicist 's daughter from an affair with a New York dancer .
forty years later , harvey lugged what [stayed] of the brain cross-country to deliver it to evelyn einstein , a woman rumored to be the physicist 's daughter from an affair with a new york dancer .

However , we do show that monitoring CD4 cell numbers by percentage could lead to misinterpreting a significant loss of CD4 cells as a result of a significant increase in CD8 count following TIs , even though absolute CD4 count numbers remained unchanged ( see Figure 4 ) .
however , we do show that monitoring cd4 cell numbers by percentage could lead to misinterpreting a significant loss of cd4 cells as a result of a significant increase in cd8 count following tis , even though absolute cd4 count numbers [stayed] unchanged ( see figure 4 ) .

In three of the five pregnancies ( autopsy was declined in two cases ) , deaths remained unexplained after autopsy .
in three of the five pregnancies ( autopsy was declined in two cases ) , deaths [stayed] unexplained after autopsy .

Very few islet transplant recipients have remained euglycemic without the use of any exogenous insulin beyond four years post-transplant .
very few islet transplant recipients have [stayed] euglycemic without the use of any exogenous insulin beyond four years post-transplant .

Treatment was restarted if viral load remained above 5,000 RNA copies/ml plasma for greater than three consecutive weeks , or was in excess of 50,000 copies/ml on any single occasion .
treatment was restarted if viral load [stayed] above 5,000 rna copies/ml plasma for greater than three consecutive weeks , or was in excess of 50,000 copies/ml on any single occasion .

Similarly , the longer a patient remained off therapy during the second and third interruptions , the greater the augmentation of the total magnitude of HIV-1-specific CD8+ T cell responses ( r = 0.83 , p < 0.016 ; r = 0.74 , p = 0.05 , respectively ) .
similarly , the longer a patient [stayed] off therapy during the second and third interruptions , the greater the augmentation of the total magnitude of hiv-1-specific cd8+ t cell responses ( r = 0.83 , p < 0.016 ; r = 0.74 , p = 0.05 , respectively ) .

The discovery of RNAi established a requirement for dsRNA in silencing , but details of the mechanism remained unclear .
the discovery of rnai established a requirement for dsrna in silencing , but details of the mechanism [stayed] unclear .

There was also little to guarantee that once doctors had hung out their shingle , they were actually competent ( and remained competent ) to practice their craft .
there was also little to guarantee that once doctors had hung out their shingle , they were actually competent ( and [stayed] competent ) to practice their craft .

While most physicians remained committed to the general professional standard—do the best that you can for each individual patient— many well-meaning doctors ultimately were not delivering their patients the best care available .
while most physicians [stayed] committed to the general professional standard—do the best that you can for each individual patient— many well-meaning doctors ultimately were not delivering their patients the best care available .

HIV-1 viral loads in newly infected patients remained suppressed for a median of six months after therapy had been stopped .
hiv-1 viral loads in newly infected patients [stayed] suppressed for a median of six months after therapy had been stopped .

One day after plating , resistin gene expression remained detectable at low levels ( Figure 1A ) .
one day after plating , resistin gene expression [stayed] detectable at low levels ( figure 1a ) .

Baseline circulating resistin levels were approximately 4 ng/ml , and remained relatively constant for several hours prior to LPS infusion ( Figure 5A ) .
baseline circulating resistin levels were approximately 4 ng/ml , and [stayed] relatively constant for several hours prior to lps infusion ( figure 5a ) .

Starting from a group of 19,993 twins from Finland who have been studied since 1975 , the authors gathered data from the 2,957 overweight participants who remained after they had excluded people with pre-existing disease , and those with missing data .
starting from a group of 19,993 twins from finland who have been studied since 1975 , the authors gathered data from the 2,957 overweight participants who [stayed] after they had excluded people with pre-existing disease , and those with missing data .

When the results were analyzed , the surprising finding was that people who intended to lose weight , and who did so , had a somewhat higher mortality than those who intended to lose weight but whose weight remained stable , or went up .
when the results were analyzed , the surprising finding was that people who intended to lose weight , and who did so , had a somewhat higher mortality than those who intended to lose weight but whose weight [stayed] stable , or went up .

Some of the most important include the long-term stability and safety of the cells ( although the cells remained differentiated in the mice and did not form tumors , such a risk would need to be very thoroughly investigated because of the chronic nature of diabetes ) , and how to scale up such a process to produce the much larger numbers of cells needed for human treatment .
some of the most important include the long-term stability and safety of the cells ( although the cells [stayed] differentiated in the mice and did not form tumors , such a risk would need to be very thoroughly investigated because of the chronic nature of diabetes ) , and how to scale up such a process to produce the much larger numbers of cells needed for human treatment .

SK snRNA is one of the most abundant snRNA species , whose function remained a mystery for over a decade .
sk snrna is one of the most abundant snrna species , whose function [stayed] a mystery for over a decade .

Why all this focus on another part of the brain , when only months remained ?
why all this focus on another part of the brain , when only months [stayed] ?

Adding temperature explained much of the variation in metabolic rate that remained after adjusting for size .
adding temperature explained much of the variation in metabolic rate that [stayed] after adjusting for size .

This shift put Franklin in a position to move forward on the structure of DNA , but without others ' resorting to model building , the goal would have remained elusive .
this shift put franklin in a position to move forward on the structure of dna , but without others ' resorting to model building , the goal would have [stayed] elusive .

Among available statins , lovastatin remained the therapeutic choice through 1996 , after which it was surpassed by other statins , particularly simvastatin and then atorvastatin ( Figure 2 ) .
among available statins , lovastatin [stayed] the therapeutic choice through 1996 , after which it was surpassed by other statins , particularly simvastatin and then atorvastatin ( figure 2 ) .

Since 1913 , we have remained true to our mission of providing quality home health care to individuals regardless of their ability to pay .
since 1913 , we have [stayed] true to our mission of providing quality home health care to individuals regardless of their ability to pay .

Some British troops remained in the country .
some british troops [stayed] in the country .

This was the first time in the GOP ramp-up that the aspirants could question each other , but , the paper notes , the discussion remained `` mostly amicable and genteel . ''
this was the first time in the gop ramp-up that the aspirants could question each other , but , the paper notes , the discussion [stayed] `` mostly amicable and genteel . ''

Even by the abstract and deconstructive standards of the film he felt underdeveloped to me , undermotivated ; complicated though he was , he remained a sidekick , his decisions less closely examined and symbolically freighted and intensely presented than those of Clooney or Wahlberg .
even by the abstract and deconstructive standards of the film he felt underdeveloped to me , undermotivated ; complicated though he was , he [stayed] a sidekick , his decisions less closely examined and symbolically freighted and intensely presented than those of clooney or wahlberg .

He remained within the closed circle of his German devotees . )
he [stayed] within the closed circle of his german devotees . )

The LAT highlights the improbable assertions by Betty Currie , President Clinton 's secretary , that despite hiding in the Oval Office bathroom during one of the Clinton-Lewinsky encounters ( according to a synopsis of Tripp 's account ) , she remained uncertain about the nature of the encounters : `` I had a feeling , but I had nothing to base it on other than a gut . ''
the lat highlights the improbable assertions by betty currie , president clinton 's secretary , that despite hiding in the oval office bathroom during one of the clinton-lewinsky encounters ( according to a synopsis of tripp 's account ) , she [stayed] uncertain about the nature of the encounters : `` i had a feeling , but i had nothing to base it on other than a gut . ''

The papers also say the two parties have arrived at compromises regarding the Palestinian National Covenant ( which currently calls for the destruction of Israel ) , the arrest of suspects wanted in Israel and the release of Palestinians from Israeli jails , but that the issue of whether or not Arafat might declare the territory he administers an independent state still remained a sore point .
the papers also say the two parties have arrived at compromises regarding the palestinian national covenant ( which currently calls for the destruction of israel ) , the arrest of suspects wanted in israel and the release of palestinians from israeli jails , but that the issue of whether or not arafat might declare the territory he administers an independent state still [stayed] a sore point .

Even after the product was recalled in Great Britain it remained -- and still remains -- available by prescription in the U.S..
even after the product was recalled in great britain it [stayed] -- and still remains -- available by prescription in the u.s..

Its creator remained unidentified until just over a year ago , when someone performed the equivalent of a computer paternity test by searching the discussion group 's archives for the term 's first use .
its creator [stayed] unidentified until just over a year ago , when someone performed the equivalent of a computer paternity test by searching the discussion group 's archives for the term 's first use .

The Indian Airlines plane hijacked Friday en route to New Delhi from Katmandu remained idle in southern Afghanistan yesterday , while hijackers issued demands .
the indian airlines plane hijacked friday en route to new delhi from katmandu [stayed] idle in southern afghanistan yesterday , while hijackers issued demands .

Despite his resignation/expulsion , Kazan remained sympathetic to the Soviet Union into the 1940s , when he began directing Hollywood films .
despite his resignation/expulsion , kazan [stayed] sympathetic to the soviet union into the 1940s , when he began directing hollywood films .

This bit of gratuitous groveling pales next to the sins of others -- both those who remained Stalinists into the 1950s and those who did not just acquiesce in , but advocated , McCarthyism .
this bit of gratuitous groveling pales next to the sins of others -- both those who [stayed] stalinists into the 1950s and those who did not just acquiesce in , but advocated , mccarthyism .

However , my track record is n't great : The last two lasted six and eight months , respectively ( though I have remained friends with both women ) .
however , my track record is n't great : the last two lasted six and eight months , respectively ( though i have [stayed] friends with both women ) .

Unemployment , which had averaged something like 4 percent before the war , stubbornly remained above 10 percent .
unemployment , which had averaged something like 4 percent before the war , stubbornly [stayed] above 10 percent .

Meanwhile , a White House that could n't resist staging a pep rally for its impeached president has remained scrupulously gloat-free about its military success in Iraq .
meanwhile , a white house that could n't resist staging a pep rally for its impeached president has [stayed] scrupulously gloat-free about its military success in iraq .

Their first government had failed , and it remained uncertain whether the fragile new one could withstand challenges to its legitimacy .
their first government had failed , and it [stayed] uncertain whether the fragile new one could withstand challenges to its legitimacy .

The paper said the most important question remained what would happen if an agreement is n't reached by the extended Feb. 20 deadline , and to that `` nobody knows the answer . ''
the paper said the most important question [stayed] what would happen if an agreement is n't reached by the extended feb. 20 deadline , and to that `` nobody knows the answer . ''

The New York Times reported that some of the 4,000 men sent to Bosnia by Iran and other Muslim states to defend Muslims have remained , and that they have apparently threatened NATO troops .
the new york times reported that some of the 4,000 men sent to bosnia by iran and other muslim states to defend muslims have [stayed] , and that they have apparently threatened nato troops .

Mother Teresa suffered a near-fatal heart attack , checked into the hospital for the fourth time this year , received an emergency angioplasty , staged a surprising recovery ( attributed by doctors to her `` spiritual strength '' ) , suffered another setback , then improved slightly , but remained in critical condition with chronic lung and kidney trouble .
mother teresa suffered a near-fatal heart attack , checked into the hospital for the fourth time this year , received an emergency angioplasty , staged a surprising recovery ( attributed by doctors to her `` spiritual strength '' ) , suffered another setback , then improved slightly , but [stayed] in critical condition with chronic lung and kidney trouble .

During Waldrop 's last years , he remained a very knowledgeable observer of the Washington scene ; indeed , Chatterbox himself used Waldrop as a source from time to time , and always found his memory and powers of analysis razor-sharp .
during waldrop 's last years , he [stayed] a very knowledgeable observer of the washington scene ; indeed , chatterbox himself used waldrop as a source from time to time , and always found his memory and powers of analysis razor-sharp .

Federal antitrust suits could not exist until Congress enacted a federal antitrust law in 1890 and , even after , the question of jurisdiction remained .
federal antitrust suits could not exist until congress enacted a federal antitrust law in 1890 and , even after , the question of jurisdiction [stayed] .

During the first years of Nazi anti-Semitic incitement [ says Bankier ] , most Germans ( `` large sectors , '' `` the bulk , '' `` sizable parts '' ) found `` the form of persecution abhorrent , '' expressed `` misgivings about the brutal methods employed , '' `` remained on the sidelines , '' `` severely condemned the persecution , '' etc .
during the first years of nazi anti-semitic incitement [ says bankier ] , most germans ( `` large sectors , '' `` the bulk , '' `` sizable parts '' ) found `` the form of persecution abhorrent , '' expressed `` misgivings about the brutal methods employed , '' `` [stayed] on the sidelines , '' `` severely condemned the persecution , '' etc .

Anti-Semitism remained a constant theme of Nazi ideology , which associated Jews with the ills of modern capitalism , internationalism , socialism , and the Versailles Treaty .
anti-semitism [stayed] a constant theme of nazi ideology , which associated jews with the ills of modern capitalism , internationalism , socialism , and the versailles treaty .

It began guarding the president regularly in 1901 , after the assassination of President William McKinley , but remained a modest enterprise until John F. Kennedy 's murder .
it began guarding the president regularly in 1901 , after the assassination of president william mckinley , but [stayed] a modest enterprise until john f. kennedy 's murder .

Though he had been displaced from his position in the House Republican leadership as punishment for his role in the failed coup against Speaker Newt Gingrich last July , he remained popular with his colleagues .
though he had been displaced from his position in the house republican leadership as punishment for his role in the failed coup against speaker newt gingrich last july , he [stayed] popular with his colleagues .

Had Dole won the election , our policy would almost certainly have remained the same .
had dole won the election , our policy would almost certainly have [stayed] the same .

Which is where they remained for the next 20 years , discredited and humiliated , until the next wave of feminist activism came around .
which is where they [stayed] for the next 20 years , discredited and humiliated , until the next wave of feminist activism came around .

The country has thrived under Clinton 's leadership , and the American people are `` savvy '' enough to weigh -- and here the argument remained implicit -- his character flaws against his record as president .
the country has thrived under clinton 's leadership , and the american people are `` savvy '' enough to weigh -- and here the argument [stayed] implicit -- his character flaws against his record as president .

Over the past 10 years ( 1991-2000 ) , the top 15 national universities in the U.S. News rankings have remained remarkably consistent .
over the past 10 years ( 1991-2000 ) , the top 15 national universities in the u.s. news rankings have [stayed] remarkably consistent .

She arrived in Washington from Miami as Caesar 's Wife , and so she has remained .
she arrived in washington from miami as caesar 's wife , and so she has [stayed] .

Though NATO damaged civil infrastructure , the Serb army remained basically intact .
though nato damaged civil infrastructure , the serb army [stayed] basically intact .

When he advised Gary Hart in 1984 and 1988 , Beatty remained in the shadows , planning media and campaign strategies .
when he advised gary hart in 1984 and 1988 , beatty [stayed] in the shadows , planning media and campaign strategies .

The author postulates that Ted hates David because David got married while Ted remained alone .
the author postulates that ted hates david because david got married while ted [stayed] alone .

As long as that remained the case , even rationalists like me had to consider the possibility that science could support the most radical religious conclusions .
as long as that [stayed] the case , even rationalists like me had to consider the possibility that science could support the most radical religious conclusions .

The stock market , which had rallied in anticipation of the move , remained stable , and bond prices inched up .
the stock market , which had rallied in anticipation of the move , [stayed] stable , and bond prices inched up .

Even if Germany had ignored the United States and achieved `` only '' its goal of becoming `` master of Europe '' ( Buchanan 's words ) , no historian would agree that American interests would have remained unimperiled .
even if germany had ignored the united states and achieved `` only '' its goal of becoming `` master of europe '' ( buchanan 's words ) , no historian would agree that american interests would have [stayed] unimperiled .

The treaty itself remained open to ratification .
the treaty itself [stayed] open to ratification .

The paper claimed that while popular indignation with the conservative clerical authorities was running high , support for Khatami remained solid .
the paper claimed that while popular indignation with the conservative clerical authorities was running high , support for khatami [stayed] solid .

He remained , Newsweek wrote in a typical review , `` careless of the record , heedless of the proper limits of power , unable to plead guilty to anything much worse than 'screwing up ' and coming no closer in history to that final absolution in history he seeks . ''
he [stayed] , newsweek wrote in a typical review , `` careless of the record , heedless of the proper limits of power , unable to plead guilty to anything much worse than 'screwing up ' and coming no closer in history to that final absolution in history he seeks . ''

Nixon would visit Capitol Hill , or criticize George Bush 's Russia policy in a strategically leaked memo , or meet with President Clinton ; each time he was pronounced rehabilitated , even as polls showed that he remained unpopular .
nixon would visit capitol hill , or criticize george bush 's russia policy in a strategically leaked memo , or meet with president clinton ; each time he was pronounced rehabilitated , even as polls showed that he [stayed] unpopular .

Thirty years ago in college I had a brief fling with a young man who has remained a dear and close friend .
thirty years ago in college i had a brief fling with a young man who has [stayed] a dear and close friend .

Not exactly her tune -- she remained as mean as a ferret , but she did let Shopping Avenger use her telephone .
not exactly her tune -- she [stayed] as mean as a ferret , but she did let shopping avenger use her telephone .

For 60 years thereafter , the ballet remained an occasional diversion .
for 60 years thereafter , the ballet [stayed] an occasional diversion .

It goes without saying that Spock , like the acrobatic Cat , proved immensely popular and has remained so .
it goes without saying that spock , like the acrobatic cat , proved immensely popular and has [stayed] so .

He saw to it that , over the years , it remained so .
he saw to it that , over the years , it [stayed] so .

His classic has thickened gracelessly over the years , but as the forthcoming eighth edition once again shows , it has remained true to the adaptable temperament it was born with .
his classic has thickened gracelessly over the years , but as the forthcoming eighth edition once again shows , it has [stayed] true to the adaptable temperament it was born with .

They had few complaints about his anti-democratic methods as long as Indonesia 's growth rates remained high ; investors got access to its ample minerals , oil , cheap labor , and market for foreign capital ; and foreign debts were serviced .
they had few complaints about his anti-democratic methods as long as indonesia 's growth rates [stayed] high ; investors got access to its ample minerals , oil , cheap labor , and market for foreign capital ; and foreign debts were serviced .

As a result of the pattern of residential segregation that remained in Washington at least through the 1950s , each of the three houses that we bought in succession was on a block with many Jewish neighbors .
as a result of the pattern of residential segregation that [stayed] in washington at least through the 1950s , each of the three houses that we bought in succession was on a block with many jewish neighbors .

Nothing remained that had any possible connection with me .
nothing [stayed] that had any possible connection with me .

Bradley remained seated . )
bradley [stayed] seated . )

In the second place , the dollar has remained strong against the world 's other major currencies .
in the second place , the dollar has [stayed] strong against the world 's other major currencies .

This problem remained contained , he says , until the '60s , when `` the New Deal idea of 'benefits ' as emergency help , to be applied for reluctantly and granted responsibly , became the Great Society concept of 'entitlements . '
this problem [stayed] contained , he says , until the '60s , when `` the new deal idea of 'benefits ' as emergency help , to be applied for reluctantly and granted responsibly , became the great society concept of 'entitlements . '

He may have remained in office , but at what cost ?
he may have [stayed] in office , but at what cost ?

In Britain and the rest of western Europe , the crisis over the detention of Gen. Augusto Pinochet remained a hot story .
in britain and the rest of western europe , the crisis over the detention of gen. augusto pinochet [stayed] a hot story .

The Chicago Tribune said `` he was pistol-whipped , strung up spread-eagle , '' and `` remained there for 18 hours in near-freezing weather -- looking like a scarecrow . ''
the chicago tribune said `` he was pistol-whipped , strung up spread-eagle , '' and `` [stayed] there for 18 hours in near-freezing weather -- looking like a scarecrow . ''

He was so overcome during the ceremony , reports the News , that he blubbered ; Streisand remained dry-eyed .
he was so overcome during the ceremony , reports the news , that he blubbered ; streisand [stayed] dry-eyed .

The paper squanders a bit of this edge when it writes that the situation in East Timor `` has for two decades remained a largely invisible problem closed off to journalists , and the scene of some of the world 's worst reported human rights abuses , '' thus falsely suggesting that poor coverage of the topic was somehow mostly caused by something other than press inattention .
the paper squanders a bit of this edge when it writes that the situation in east timor `` has for two decades [stayed] a largely invisible problem closed off to journalists , and the scene of some of the world 's worst reported human rights abuses , '' thus falsely suggesting that poor coverage of the topic was somehow mostly caused by something other than press inattention .

Similarly , the LAT says the national verbal score `` remained mired at 505 . ''
similarly , the lat says the national verbal score `` [stayed] mired at 505 . ''

Newsweek 's story grants that some flaws have been exposed in Willey 's character but asserts that her story regarding her encounter with Clinton ( as told to Newsweek last July ) has remained unchanged .
newsweek 's story grants that some flaws have been exposed in willey 's character but asserts that her story regarding her encounter with clinton ( as told to newsweek last july ) has [stayed] unchanged .

He lost favor in the '70s because he rejected `` irony and postmodernist play '' and `` remained a Balzacian social chronicler . ''
he lost favor in the '70s because he rejected `` irony and postmodernist play '' and `` [stayed] a balzacian social chronicler . ''

The last minimum wage hike ( to $ 5.15 in 1996 ) had little effect : No jobs were lost , and the poverty rate remained unchanged .
the last minimum wage hike ( to $ 5.15 in 1996 ) had little effect : no jobs were lost , and the poverty rate [stayed] unchanged .

New drugs make flaccid men potent , but not without dangers ( one man remained aroused for more than 24 hours ) .
new drugs make flaccid men potent , but not without dangers ( one man [stayed] aroused for more than 24 hours ) .

His plays were produced and his quips were plagiarized , but he himself remained a one-dimensional figure in the popular culture .
his plays were produced and his quips were plagiarized , but he himself [stayed] a one-dimensional figure in the popular culture .

What few shreds of real-life credibility remained after that plot twist were destroyed by cameos from C-grade celebrities ( Tammy Faye Messner ?
what few shreds of real-life credibility [stayed] after that plot twist were destroyed by cameos from c-grade celebrities ( tammy faye messner ?

Cronkite retired almost two decades ago , but the chair has remained empty until now .
cronkite retired almost two decades ago , but the chair has [stayed] empty until now .

The case against that idealism is that it did n't happen-that big government solutions failed or backfired , that the War on Poverty was lost , and that the racial equality that liberals promised in law remained frustrated by cultural and economic factors they had thought government could easily overcome .
the case against that idealism is that it did n't happen-that big government solutions failed or backfired , that the war on poverty was lost , and that the racial equality that liberals promised in law [stayed] frustrated by cultural and economic factors they had thought government could easily overcome .

While Bush remained mired in a `` Gentleman 's C '' groove for the duration of his undergraduate years , Bradley was able to pull himself out of his first-year struggles by dint of hard effort and went on to an honors degree and a Rhodes scholarship .
while bush [stayed] mired in a `` gentleman 's c '' groove for the duration of his undergraduate years , bradley was able to pull himself out of his first-year struggles by dint of hard effort and went on to an honors degree and a rhodes scholarship .

As such , he was hardly Dawn 's type -- can you imagine her mouthing Marxian jargon with any sort of straight face ? -- but he seems to have been the great romantic love of her life , after her husband , to whom it should be remembered that she remained married for 42 years .
as such , he was hardly dawn 's type -- can you imagine her mouthing marxian jargon with any sort of straight face ? -- but he seems to have been the great romantic love of her life , after her husband , to whom it should be remembered that she [stayed] married for 42 years .

I think social conservatives were unhappy with all of those Powell characters who drank too much , slept around , behaved foolishly , and yet remained funny , agreeable company .
i think social conservatives were unhappy with all of those powell characters who drank too much , slept around , behaved foolishly , and yet [stayed] funny , agreeable company .

Welfare dependency among blacks remained at a high level until 1995 , the year before the welfare system was radically reformed ( when there was already a lot of talk of reform in the air ) .
welfare dependency among blacks [stayed] at a high level until 1995 , the year before the welfare system was radically reformed ( when there was already a lot of talk of reform in the air ) .

To show Bradley 's extreme controversiality on poverty , Klein notes that Bradley `` has remained opposed to Clinton 's 1996 welfare initiative . ''
to show bradley 's extreme controversiality on poverty , klein notes that bradley `` has [stayed] opposed to clinton 's 1996 welfare initiative . ''

When the Soviet empire collapsed in 1991 , Armenia , Azerbaijan , and Georgia regained their independence while the northern republics remained within Russia .
when the soviet empire collapsed in 1991 , armenia , azerbaijan , and georgia regained their independence while the northern republics [stayed] within russia .

Most of the press in the Arab world remained silent on the subject , an exception being the Saudi daily Al-Jazirah , which appealed to Algiers `` to accept the offers of Arab countries and to co-operate with them to study ways of pursuing the authors of these terrorist crimes . ''
most of the press in the arab world [stayed] silent on the subject , an exception being the saudi daily al-jazirah , which appealed to algiers `` to accept the offers of arab countries and to co-operate with them to study ways of pursuing the authors of these terrorist crimes . ''

In Europe , anti-U.S. opinion remained strongest in France , where the conservative daily Le Figaro said in a front-page editorial Monday that the U.S. double standard in the Middle East -- merciless toward Iraq for breaking international commitments but supine toward Israel when it does the same thing -- '' was bound to scandalize their Arab allies . ''
in europe , anti-u.s. opinion [stayed] strongest in france , where the conservative daily le figaro said in a front-page editorial monday that the u.s. double standard in the middle east -- merciless toward iraq for breaking international commitments but supine toward israel when it does the same thing -- '' was bound to scandalize their arab allies . ''

The more revealing aspect of her comments : her voice , which has remained a tantalizing mystery .
the more revealing aspect of her comments : her voice , which has [stayed] a tantalizing mystery .

The decision , however , appeased Prime Minister Netanyahu 's right-wing backers : It remained vague on how much territory to cede , and when to cede it .
the decision , however , appeased prime minister netanyahu 's right-wing backers : it [stayed] vague on how much territory to cede , and when to cede it .

None of the papers mention a fact about Tripp that makes this last claim puzzling : During the time frame she 's referring to she remained one of the DOD 's highest-paid employees , making $ 90-plus K. She even got a raise .
none of the papers mention a fact about tripp that makes this last claim puzzling : during the time frame she 's referring to she [stayed] one of the dod 's highest-paid employees , making $ 90-plus k. she even got a raise .

If college had remained less important -- it once was : Andrew Carnegie for example was dismissive of college graduates -- it would have mattered less just what the standards for admission were .
if college had [stayed] less important -- it once was : andrew carnegie for example was dismissive of college graduates -- it would have mattered less just what the standards for admission were .

I recall that a group of Harvard faculty members met with the director of admissions at Harvard because some of them wondered whether any vestiges of these practices remained .
i recall that a group of harvard faculty members met with the director of admissions at harvard because some of them wondered whether any vestiges of these practices [stayed] .

Through it all , and even with the continued erosion of viewership , one thing has remained unchanged : Broadcast television offers unparalleled access to huge numbers of American viewers .
through it all , and even with the continued erosion of viewership , one thing has [stayed] unchanged : broadcast television offers unparalleled access to huge numbers of american viewers .

West Timor became part of the new United States of Indonesia , while East Timor remained a Portuguese colony .
west timor became part of the new united states of indonesia , while east timor [stayed] a portuguese colony .

After Jane died Cassandra burned several years ' worth of letters , and edited all the zest out of what remained .
after jane died cassandra burned several years ' worth of letters , and edited all the zest out of what [stayed] .

He viewed the process of smothering the weakest companies and swallowing those that remained as a thoroughly Christian activity .
he viewed the process of smothering the weakest companies and swallowing those that [stayed] as a thoroughly christian activity .

That said , Paz could not have remained on top if he had not remained relevant .
that said , paz could not have [stayed] on top if he had not [stayed] relevant .

Despite his penchant for revolutionary rhetoric , his inspired use of modern techniques of collective mobilization , and his willingness to strike up a tactical alliance with Stalin , Hitler remained a committed foe of what he called `` Jew-Bolshevism , '' and indeed , of all leveling ideologies .
despite his penchant for revolutionary rhetoric , his inspired use of modern techniques of collective mobilization , and his willingness to strike up a tactical alliance with stalin , hitler [stayed] a committed foe of what he called `` jew-bolshevism , '' and indeed , of all leveling ideologies .

The first pages of both teleplays are available on the Web but , as a columnist in the Raleigh , N.C. , News & Observer remarked , `` based on the response of critics , Faulkner might have wished these scripts had remained lost . ''
the first pages of both teleplays are available on the web but , as a columnist in the raleigh , n.c. , news & observer remarked , `` based on the response of critics , faulkner might have wished these scripts had [stayed] lost . ''

He remained answerable for the results .
he [stayed] answerable for the results .

Therefore , the Jews who remained on Earth were there to serve devilish purposes , Gow explained .
therefore , the jews who [stayed] on earth were there to serve devilish purposes , gow explained .

Written details were not available at press time ( and USAT notes that U.S. officials are n't sure that Annan could speak frankly about it to anyone while he remained in Iraq where phone lines are not secure ) , but the dailies are reporting that Hussein has agreed to open his presidential palaces to U.N. weapons inspectors -- the sticking point that has brought the U.S. to the brink of warfare .
written details were not available at press time ( and usat notes that u.s. officials are n't sure that annan could speak frankly about it to anyone while he [stayed] in iraq where phone lines are not secure ) , but the dailies are reporting that hussein has agreed to open his presidential palaces to u.n. weapons inspectors -- the sticking point that has brought the u.s. to the brink of warfare .

The rate of HIV infection among the populace , says the study , has in fact remained quite stable .
the rate of hiv infection among the populace , says the study , has in fact [stayed] quite stable .

Grant remained a stalwart supporter of Brady .
grant [stayed] a stalwart supporter of brady .

Though Brady never acknowledged the project , he remained in close touch with quacks .
though brady never acknowledged the project , he [stayed] in close touch with quacks .

Thanks to their fragility and artisan nature , they also remained locally produced .
thanks to their fragility and artisan nature , they also [stayed] locally produced .

The third version , which appeared in a 1949 biography of Stalin , is more the work of an airbrush than a camera ; the figure on the far right is now gone as well , although it is unclear why , since he remained in favor until Stalin 's death .
the third version , which appeared in a 1949 biography of stalin , is more the work of an airbrush than a camera ; the figure on the far right is now gone as well , although it is unclear why , since he [stayed] in favor until stalin 's death .

Johnson 's role remained an important one , but he was definitely not his own boss .
johnson 's role [stayed] an important one , but he was definitely not his own boss .

On-screen , Stern says he 's remained faithful to his wife -- and by all accounts , that is true .
on-screen , stern says he 's [stayed] faithful to his wife -- and by all accounts , that is true .

The coalition serves as the court-appointed monitor for the shelter system , and what McDonald alleges , and others at the shelter corroborate , is that the official who represented the coalition at the shelter worked actively with the dissidents who remained to disrupt the program .
the coalition serves as the court-appointed monitor for the shelter system , and what mcdonald alleges , and others at the shelter corroborate , is that the official who represented the coalition at the shelter worked actively with the dissidents who [stayed] to disrupt the program .

The low rate of inflation in the U.S. economy is indeed a surprise : The puzzle is why wages have not risen more rapidly despite very tight labor markets , not why prices have remained stable given very moderate wage increases .
the low rate of inflation in the u.s. economy is indeed a surprise : the puzzle is why wages have not risen more rapidly despite very tight labor markets , not why prices have [stayed] stable given very moderate wage increases .

Perot has remained out of sight .
perot has [stayed] out of sight .

My impression of Brill as a vigorous , capable guy remained .
my impression of brill as a vigorous , capable guy [stayed] .

Spencer 's instincts remained insular and domestic .
spencer 's instincts [stayed] insular and domestic .

Yeats remained a devotee of various forms of spiritualism and mesmerism .
yeats [stayed] a devotee of various forms of spiritualism and mesmerism .

She remained desperately poor during her New York sojourn -- another reason , perhaps , for her obsession with food -- and returned to Japan in 1973 , where she lives , by her own choice , in a Tokyo mental hospital that has a special emphasis on art therapy .
she [stayed] desperately poor during her new york sojourn -- another reason , perhaps , for her obsession with food -- and returned to japan in 1973 , where she lives , by her own choice , in a tokyo mental hospital that has a special emphasis on art therapy .

Modern women with their sexual appetites remained in his mind a threat as great as modern machinery .
modern women with their sexual appetites [stayed] in his mind a threat as great as modern machinery .

If Bradley remained on the high road , emphasizing his positive message and ignoring the vice president 's hectoring , the unanswered criticism would damage him .
if bradley [stayed] on the high road , emphasizing his positive message and ignoring the vice president 's hectoring , the unanswered criticism would damage him .

During the past several months , Bradley has remained Buddha-like on his mountaintop , dismissing Gore 's attacks as politics-as-usual , but not criticizing his opponent directly or even answering most of his complaints .
during the past several months , bradley has [stayed] buddha-like on his mountaintop , dismissing gore 's attacks as politics-as-usual , but not criticizing his opponent directly or even answering most of his complaints .

Lots of impressive earnings reports this week from the usual suspects ( America Online , Sun Microsystems , Gateway , and Microsoft , among others ) , and tech stocks remained fairly strong .
lots of impressive earnings reports this week from the usual suspects ( america online , sun microsystems , gateway , and microsoft , among others ) , and tech stocks [stayed] fairly strong .

He also remained definitively non-committal on the question of where , exactly , we are on the curve of that technological change , keeping open the possibility that there may still be many years ahead of rapid economic growth propelled by rapid improvements in productivity .
he also [stayed] definitively non-committal on the question of where , exactly , we are on the curve of that technological change , keeping open the possibility that there may still be many years ahead of rapid economic growth propelled by rapid improvements in productivity .

If the architecture of the Net remained as it was in 1995 , then it would n't matter who uses the Net for what .
if the architecture of the net [stayed] as it was in 1995 , then it would n't matter who uses the net for what .

The second , obviously , is that they believe the combination of AOL 's assets with Time Warner 's -- both its content ( magazines , publishing , TV , movies , and music ) and its cable lines -- will create more value than the two companies would have created had they remained apart .
the second , obviously , is that they believe the combination of aol 's assets with time warner 's -- both its content ( magazines , publishing , tv , movies , and music ) and its cable lines -- will create more value than the two companies would have created had they [stayed] apart .

As the LAT says , the escape `` appeared to dash whatever hopes remained for a compromise between Beijing '' and the Tibetan Buddhist leadership .
as the lat says , the escape `` appeared to dash whatever hopes [stayed] for a compromise between beijing '' and the tibetan buddhist leadership .

It has done best when it has remained committed to open standards .
it has done best when it has [stayed] committed to open standards .

The studio system in Hollywood disappeared while studio execs remained important as deal makers , and the same could happen in advertising .
the studio system in hollywood disappeared while studio execs [stayed] important as deal makers , and the same could happen in advertising .

Like so many others , Warwick 's faith in the business of getting poor and desolate people to shell out enormous amounts of money they really should n't be spending for worthless advice remained unshaken .
like so many others , warwick 's faith in the business of getting poor and desolate people to shell out enormous amounts of money they really should n't be spending for worthless advice [stayed] unshaken .

While its competitors looked to the 60-second or two-minute ad to push the product , Psychic Friends remained enamored of the 30-minute pitch , with Dionne smiling her toothy smile and everything looking vaguely like it was still 1979 .
while its competitors looked to the 60-second or two-minute ad to push the product , psychic friends [stayed] enamored of the 30-minute pitch , with dionne smiling her toothy smile and everything looking vaguely like it was still 1979 .

Although Philip Morris is an enormously profitable company , its stock price has remained relatively deflated , because investors were so concerned that the company might lose a massive class action lawsuit somewhere down the road .
although philip morris is an enormously profitable company , its stock price has [stayed] relatively deflated , because investors were so concerned that the company might lose a massive class action lawsuit somewhere down the road .

Avis ' profits jumped 35 percent in the first six months of employee ownership , and the company remained profitable for the next decade .
avis ' profits jumped 35 percent in the first six months of employee ownership , and the company [stayed] profitable for the next decade .

To take one obscure but critical example : Life on Earth remained entirely one-celled for 3 billion years .
to take one obscure but critical example : life on earth [stayed] entirely one-celled for 3 billion years .

The Daily Telegraph remained the most skeptical of the British papers .
the daily telegraph [stayed] the most skeptical of the british papers .

Looking at job flows by firm size ( see Figure 3 ) , we see that firms that remained small ( including those that entered or went out of business ) lost 192,000 jobs during this recession period .
looking at job flows by firm size ( see figure 3 ) , we see that firms that [stayed] small ( including those that entered or went out of business ) lost 192,000 jobs during this recession period .

As of press time last night , the white male middle-aged shooting suspect remained at large , and the authorities released his name and said he was a resident of Washington state .
as of press time last night , the white male middle-aged shooting suspect [stayed] at large , and the authorities released his name and said he was a resident of washington state .

Along the way , he produced a staggering number of images that have remained lodged in media memory and adorned generations of dorm-room walls : Dovima and the elephants , Nastassja Kinski and the snake , Simon and Garfunkel as Gertrude and Alice ( on the cover of their breakthrough album Bookends ) , Barbra Streisand chewing on a daffodil , and Joan Baez blowin ' in the wind .
along the way , he produced a staggering number of images that have [stayed] lodged in media memory and adorned generations of dorm-room walls : dovima and the elephants , nastassja kinski and the snake , simon and garfunkel as gertrude and alice ( on the cover of their breakthrough album bookends ) , barbra streisand chewing on a daffodil , and joan baez blowin ' in the wind .

Zhu , too , is judged harshly , since most of his social reform pledges have remained unfulfilled , but the economy is on an upswing , and the `` WTO breakthrough '' is a boost to his hopes .
zhu , too , is judged harshly , since most of his social reform pledges have [stayed] unfulfilled , but the economy is on an upswing , and the `` wto breakthrough '' is a boost to his hopes .

He 's like the lawyer in Walden , who amazed the Indian because while he worked hard at making baskets and blankets , and yet remained poor , `` the lawyer had only to weave arguments , and , by some magic , wealth and standing followed . ''
he 's like the lawyer in walden , who amazed the indian because while he worked hard at making baskets and blankets , and yet [stayed] poor , `` the lawyer had only to weave arguments , and , by some magic , wealth and standing followed . ''

The general tone of the Israeli press remained positive , however .
the general tone of the israeli press [stayed] positive , however .

He had his troops burn down 70 percent of Serbian houses , passed laws to confiscate Serb property , and allowed gangs of Croat thugs to murder the few elderly Serbs who remained .
he had his troops burn down 70 percent of serbian houses , passed laws to confiscate serb property , and allowed gangs of croat thugs to murder the few elderly serbs who [stayed] .

Blackmun 's spin : He remained a moderate but seemed increasingly liberal by comparison as right-wingers took over the court .
blackmun 's spin : he [stayed] a moderate but seemed increasingly liberal by comparison as right-wingers took over the court .

A few conservative voices , such as the Weekly Standard and the Wall Street Journal editorial page , remained steadfast in their hysterical disapproval of the president 's private sexual behavior , and remained adamant that it is a legitimate public issue .
a few conservative voices , such as the weekly standard and the wall street journal editorial page , [stayed] steadfast in their hysterical disapproval of the president 's private sexual behavior , and [stayed] adamant that it is a legitimate public issue .

Public support for U.S. involvement in the 1991 Persian Gulf War remained at very high levels even at the start of ground combat operations in which most Americans expected ( incorrectly ) that U.S. casualties would be high .
public support for u.s. involvement in the 1991 persian gulf war [stayed] at very high levels even at the start of ground combat operations in which most americans expected ( incorrectly ) that u.s. casualties would be high .

The Serbs remained Orthodox Christians .
the serbs [stayed] orthodox christians .

Kosovo , however , remained largely content under Turkish rule .
kosovo , however , [stayed] largely content under turkish rule .

A few years ago , when debates over the fate of `` Western Civ '' requirements raged at Stanford and elsewhere , traditionalists often pointed to the University of Chicago as the school where the old ideals of liberal education remained the most intact .
a few years ago , when debates over the fate of `` western civ '' requirements raged at stanford and elsewhere , traditionalists often pointed to the university of chicago as the school where the old ideals of liberal education [stayed] the most intact .

Their latest gaffe was to spend a year prosecuting Clinton for lying about consensual adultery , while the Willey investigation remained offstage .
their latest gaffe was to spend a year prosecuting clinton for lying about consensual adultery , while the willey investigation [stayed] offstage .

Papers in Australia and in the Far East remained focused on the Olympics scandal .
papers in australia and in the far east [stayed] focused on the olympics scandal .

As late as the spring of 1973 the scope of these misdeeds -- including critical details about Nixon 's involvement -- remained unclear .
as late as the spring of 1973 the scope of these misdeeds -- including critical details about nixon 's involvement -- [stayed] unclear .

Its main job , though , has always remained fighting counterfeiting and other forms of fraud : check , credit card , postage stamp , food stamp , and the like .
its main job , though , has always [stayed] fighting counterfeiting and other forms of fraud : check , credit card , postage stamp , food stamp , and the like .

Milosevic remained intransigent .
milosevic [stayed] intransigent .

Despite important Supreme Court decisions since 1973 modifying the doctrine of Roe , the court 's thinking about fetal viability has remained fairly constant .
despite important supreme court decisions since 1973 modifying the doctrine of roe , the court 's thinking about fetal viability has [stayed] fairly constant .

Labor costs constitute more than 80 percent of the agency 's expenditures -- a figure that has remained steady since 1970 , despite the billions of dollars spent on automation .
labor costs constitute more than 80 percent of the agency 's expenditures -- a figure that has [stayed] steady since 1970 , despite the billions of dollars spent on automation .

With prodding from the Gingrich Congress ( which also deserves some credit ) , Clinton has remained faithful to the cause of deficit reduction .
with prodding from the gingrich congress ( which also deserves some credit ) , clinton has [stayed] faithful to the cause of deficit reduction .

In both the House and the Senate , he has remained firm in his doctrinaire opposition to any kind of meaningful campaign-finance reform .
in both the house and the senate , he has [stayed] firm in his doctrinaire opposition to any kind of meaningful campaign-finance reform .

We need to hear more from the CEOs of large Seattle-based software companies -- a group that has remained silent for too long .
we need to hear more from the ceos of large seattle-based software companies -- a group that has [stayed] silent for too long .

It has remained true that the fashion model 's only job is to appear in clothes ; indeed , in the atmosphere in which they shine as individual stars , it 's all the more important that they have no other distracting talents .
it has [stayed] true that the fashion model 's only job is to appear in clothes ; indeed , in the atmosphere in which they shine as individual stars , it 's all the more important that they have no other distracting talents .

In many cases , although an expression may have been generally familiar , its origin remained a matter of mystery or guesswork .
in many cases , although an expression may have been generally familiar , its origin [stayed] a matter of mystery or guesswork .

Hoffman , for all his straining after naturalistic verisimilitude , remained dependent on acting-class exercises , while Olivier , for all his years of training , had so deeply integrated technique into his being that , like a classical pianist , he could stop thinking about it the moment he began performing .
hoffman , for all his straining after naturalistic verisimilitude , [stayed] dependent on acting-class exercises , while olivier , for all his years of training , had so deeply integrated technique into his being that , like a classical pianist , he could stop thinking about it the moment he began performing .

When the colors washed out , the bleached-blond effect remained ; and when the whole thing grew out , the dark roots showed up under the pale spikes -- presto !
when the colors washed out , the bleached-blond effect [stayed] ; and when the whole thing grew out , the dark roots showed up under the pale spikes -- presto !

That in the process she had learned what makes the locals tick -- as well as a language known to few , if any , CIA officials -- was of no account : Her chances of being hired would have been much better if she had remained celibate in Salt Lake City .
that in the process she had learned what makes the locals tick -- as well as a language known to few , if any , cia officials -- was of no account : her chances of being hired would have been much better if she had [stayed] celibate in salt lake city .

Veterans of the recovery movement , which remained popular in the early 1990s , would have instantly recognized Clinton as an ACOA ( adult child of an alcoholic ) .
veterans of the recovery movement , which [stayed] popular in the early 1990s , would have instantly recognized clinton as an acoa ( adult child of an alcoholic ) .

The Post and New York Times say that Jordan remained on the short list because he was not called back to the grand jury after Lewinsky testified to it and hence has never been asked about some of her recollections .
the post and new york times say that jordan [stayed] on the short list because he was not called back to the grand jury after lewinsky testified to it and hence has never been asked about some of her recollections .

Broaddrick tells the Post that she remained silent until now out of fear and shame , but is now talking in order to teach her twin granddaughters the value of honesty : `` I want them to say , ` That was a neat thing you did . ' ''
broaddrick tells the post that she [stayed] silent until now out of fear and shame , but is now talking in order to teach her twin granddaughters the value of honesty : `` i want them to say , ` that was a neat thing you did . ' ''

As the papers went to bed , the witness question remained unresolved , but indications are that a list of between 8 and 15 persons to be subpoenaed will be approved .
as the papers went to bed , the witness question [stayed] unresolved , but indications are that a list of between 8 and 15 persons to be subpoenaed will be approved .

The papers disagree on crowd reaction : USAT says Thomas `` was given two standing ovations , '' while the NYT claims that `` about half the audience applauded , some standing , while the other half remained silent . ''
the papers disagree on crowd reaction : usat says thomas `` was given two standing ovations , '' while the nyt claims that `` about half the audience applauded , some standing , while the other half [stayed] silent . ''

In Russia the economy remained virtually frozen -- stocks were traded at very low volume Friday , and Moscow 's main currency exchange stayed shut .
in russia the economy [stayed] virtually frozen -- stocks were traded at very low volume friday , and moscow 's main currency exchange stayed shut .

A second Journal story reports that U.S. new car sales remained robust in August .
a second journal story reports that u.s. new car sales [stayed] robust in august .

Like many people , Hall grew increasingly conservative as he aged , but his allegiance to usage as the foundation of judgments about English remained firm .
like many people , hall grew increasingly conservative as he aged , but his allegiance to usage as the foundation of judgments about english [stayed] firm .

The same can be said of Mexico , where a few words like Reforma and ejido took on new meanings during and after the Revolution but where , with the exception of some street names , toponyms remained largely unaffected : Guadalupe remained Guadalupe , and Monterrey remained Monterrey .
the same can be said of mexico , where a few words like reforma and ejido took on new meanings during and after the revolution but where , with the exception of some street names , toponyms [stayed] largely unaffected : guadalupe [stayed] guadalupe , and monterrey [stayed] monterrey .

Celluloid remained a trademark much longer , though it too has now become a generic term .
celluloid [stayed] a trademark much longer , though it too has now become a generic term .

My guess is that the joker who named the program Balagan was a Russian-speaking immigrant , either to Israel or America , who may well have been aware of the word 's currency in modern Hebrew but for whom the meaning remained the Russian one .
my guess is that the joker who named the program balagan was a russian-speaking immigrant , either to israel or america , who may well have been aware of the word 's currency in modern hebrew but for whom the meaning [stayed] the russian one .

The make-up of the grid has undergone various modifications in the course of time but the rules of the game have remained unchanged .
the make-up of the grid has undergone various modifications in the course of time but the rules of the game have [stayed] unchanged .

This was a confusing half measure , however ; the initial ch remained as in the French spelling , representing a Russian letter borrowed from the Hebrew alphabet for the sound represented in English by sh .
this was a confusing half measure , however ; the initial ch [stayed] as in the french spelling , representing a russian letter borrowed from the hebrew alphabet for the sound represented in english by sh .

During the early years that Miller was convincing the public that tough guys do drink light beer , other breweries remained skeptical .
during the early years that miller was convincing the public that tough guys do drink light beer , other breweries [stayed] skeptical .

This was the day on which Sixpence 's innocence had come to an end , and Miss Kingsley 's sulfurous expertise with the English language had remained indelibly etched in his memory all his life .
this was the day on which sixpence 's innocence had come to an end , and miss kingsley 's sulfurous expertise with the english language had [stayed] indelibly etched in his memory all his life .

After the Conquest English remained robustly alive during a period of bi- and trilingualism : the invading Normans spoke a French dialect which became for a time the language of the kings and the nobility , while contemporary English was spoken by the indigenous population ; Latin was the language of record and of the law in general , and so it remained for about two centuries after the Conquest , with English as a close second .
after the conquest english [stayed] robustly alive during a period of bi- and trilingualism : the invading normans spoke a french dialect which became for a time the language of the kings and the nobility , while contemporary english was spoken by the indigenous population ; latin was the language of record and of the law in general , and so it [stayed] for about two centuries after the conquest , with english as a close second .

Although a statute of 1362 required pleadings to be in English and records in Latin , French became the principal language of the law and of legal education , and so continued for 200 years , although Latin remained the standard for the “ all-important ’ writs .
although a statute of 1362 required pleadings to be in english and records in latin , french became the principal language of the law and of legal education , and so continued for 200 years , although latin [stayed] the standard for the “ all-important ’ writs .

That is not to say that Bailey has remained coolly aloof from his subject , for everywhere the reader can sense the affectionate warmth he brings to his subject .
that is not to say that bailey has [stayed] coolly aloof from his subject , for everywhere the reader can sense the affectionate warmth he brings to his subject .

He remained very much an 18th-century man right through the middle of the 19th century : he always wore a wig in public and simply refused to believe that such a thing as the railways could possibly exist .
he [stayed] very much an 18th-century man right through the middle of the 19th century : he always wore a wig in public and simply refused to believe that such a thing as the railways could possibly exist .

Although the four-elements paradigm remained robust throughout antiquity and through the Middle Ages ( during which a mystical tradition emerged proposing a fifth element , ruling the others , the socalled quintessence ) , atomism fell out of favor for nearly two millennia until the quantitative philosophy of the early Enlightenment created a conceptual environment friendly to the metamorphosis of alchemy , through the chemical experiments of Robert Hooke , Isaac Newton , Joseph Priestley , Henry Cavendish , Antoine Lavoisier and others , into something like the chemistry we were all taught in high school .
although the four-elements paradigm [stayed] robust throughout antiquity and through the middle ages ( during which a mystical tradition emerged proposing a fifth element , ruling the others , the socalled quintessence ) , atomism fell out of favor for nearly two millennia until the quantitative philosophy of the early enlightenment created a conceptual environment friendly to the metamorphosis of alchemy , through the chemical experiments of robert hooke , isaac newton , joseph priestley , henry cavendish , antoine lavoisier and others , into something like the chemistry we were all taught in high school .

In place of the alchemical signs still common through Newton 's day in the notation of chemical reactions , elements got assigned symbols of one or two letters , often drawn from the Latin names for the same substances because Latin remained the common tongue for scholarly communication across national and linguistic borders until well into the 19th century .
in place of the alchemical signs still common through newton 's day in the notation of chemical reactions , elements got assigned symbols of one or two letters , often drawn from the latin names for the same substances because latin [stayed] the common tongue for scholarly communication across national and linguistic borders until well into the 19th century .

Like all ideals , these remained abstract , and DARE had to make do with actual human beings and their limitations .
like all ideals , these [stayed] abstract , and dare had to make do with actual human beings and their limitations .

I remained outwardly calm , but I could have jumped up and down and shouted .
i [stayed] outwardly calm , but i could have jumped up and down and shouted .

To my mind Dick Cavett 's question remained intriguing , not so much because Kazin failed to answer it fully as because I wondered why the question had occurred to Cavett in the first place .
to my mind dick cavett 's question [stayed] intriguing , not so much because kazin failed to answer it fully as because i wondered why the question had occurred to cavett in the first place .

Occasionally , the identity of a dedicatee has remained a mystery for years , with speculation bandied back and forth endlessly in Notes and Queries .
occasionally , the identity of a dedicatee has [stayed] a mystery for years , with speculation bandied back and forth endlessly in notes and queries .

Whether any name , through local preference , finally came to end in the masculine -o , the feminine -a , or the plurals -i or -e , the root meaning of the name remained the same .
whether any name , through local preference , finally came to end in the masculine -o , the feminine -a , or the plurals -i or -e , the root meaning of the name [stayed] the same .

What is also brought dramatically to the attention of a reader of the HDAS is the relatively large number of words and expressions that have remained current in the language over the years .
what is also brought dramatically to the attention of a reader of the hdas is the relatively large number of words and expressions that have [stayed] current in the language over the years .

Though the manuscript remained out of sight yellowing in a footlocker for 43 years , the work was never completely out of mind , recalled on occasions when some special item caught ear or eye .
though the manuscript [stayed] out of sight yellowing in a footlocker for 43 years , the work was never completely out of mind , recalled on occasions when some special item caught ear or eye .

The diary that Samuel Pepys kept from the the first day of 1660 till he thought he was losing his eyesight eight and a half years later can tell us a lot about how the English language has changed or remained more or less constant over the last three and a half centuries .
the diary that samuel pepys kept from the the first day of 1660 till he thought he was losing his eyesight eight and a half years later can tell us a lot about how the english language has changed or [stayed] more or less constant over the last three and a half centuries .

Her father was a parvenu who used to be a bon vivant and the enfant terrible of his clique but became a laissez-faire entrepreneur in the entrepôt business and then accepted a post as a chargé d'affaires , which entitled him to a UN laissez-passer , ( working to improve detente , and rapprochement with the ancien régime ) , though he remained a bit of a roué , having an affaire with the au pair .
her father was a parvenu who used to be a bon vivant and the enfant terrible of his clique but became a laissez-faire entrepreneur in the entrepôt business and then accepted a post as a chargé d'affaires , which entitled him to a un laissez-passer , ( working to improve detente , and rapprochement with the ancien régime ) , though he [stayed] a bit of a roué , having an affaire with the au pair .

The code of schoolboy honour remained steadfast , as did the erudite smattering of French and Latin phrases and quotations from the Bible and Shakespeare that made Frank Richard 's school tales educational as well as entertaining .
the code of schoolboy honour [stayed] steadfast , as did the erudite smattering of french and latin phrases and quotations from the bible and shakespeare that made frank richard 's school tales educational as well as entertaining .

Indeed , had not his Latin been adopted by the scholastic monks of the day , little would have remained to show that he had ever been there in the first place .
indeed , had not his latin been adopted by the scholastic monks of the day , little would have [stayed] to show that he had ever been there in the first place .

The most repugnant part of the multiple operation we had just witnessed was the castration , and I remained sure that bull calves are made steer calves in Britain and are vaccinated .
the most repugnant part of the multiple operation we had just witnessed was the castration , and i [stayed] sure that bull calves are made steer calves in britain and are vaccinated .

Had it remained a traditional book , there would have been a strong case for listing separately the hundreds of names that consist of a personal name and common place-name element .
had it [stayed] a traditional book , there would have been a strong case for listing separately the hundreds of names that consist of a personal name and common place-name element .

The features of the old , old woman who had opened the door of the farmhouse half way up the mountain and who had answered my polite request for a few eggs and some milk with a steady flow of Welsh , remained blank .
the features of the old , old woman who had opened the door of the farmhouse half way up the mountain and who had answered my polite request for a few eggs and some milk with a steady flow of welsh , [stayed] blank .

This regularized the relationship between the Church and the Italian state , which had remained unsettled during the years since the Risorgimento .
this regularized the relationship between the church and the italian state , which had [stayed] unsettled during the years since the risorgimento .

What made it a travesty , indeed a tragedy , is that thousands upon thousands of Yiddish speakers , many of them elderly and poor , remained uncounted , and thus have fallen “ between the cracks , ” so to speak , with grave political , social , and economic consequences .
what made it a travesty , indeed a tragedy , is that thousands upon thousands of yiddish speakers , many of them elderly and poor , [stayed] uncounted , and thus have fallen “ between the cracks , ” so to speak , with grave political , social , and economic consequences .

To quote : ` Look at Petey -- a knothead ... ' ” For those who have not remained awake during class , I must repeat the fact that when a dictionary , whether it be the OED , Dictionary of American Slang ( the source of this citation ) , or any other work uses quotations it simply lists the quotation as the earliest printed evidence found of the use of a word : that does NOT mean that the author of the cited work made up the word .
to quote : ` look at petey -- a knothead ... ' ” for those who have not [stayed] awake during class , i must repeat the fact that when a dictionary , whether it be the oed , dictionary of american slang ( the source of this citation ) , or any other work uses quotations it simply lists the quotation as the earliest printed evidence found of the use of a word : that does not mean that the author of the cited work made up the word .

