Now he's gone , the Republican Party is not going to be able to sell the tattered remains to the people of the state '' .
now he's gone , the republican party is not going to be able to sell the tattered [stays] to the people of the state '' .

His reference to ' discredited carcass ' or ' tattered remains ' of the president's leadership is an insult to the man who led our forces to victory in the greatest war in all history , to the man who was twice elected overwhelmingly by the American people as president of the United States , and who has been the symbol to the world of the peace-loving intentions of the free nations .
his reference to ' discredited carcass ' or ' tattered [stays] ' of the president's leadership is an insult to the man who led our forces to victory in the greatest war in all history , to the man who was twice elected overwhelmingly by the american people as president of the united states , and who has been the symbol to the world of the peace-loving intentions of the free nations .

Yet he remains the fiercest of competitors .
yet he [stays] the fiercest of competitors .

Publisher Richardson has updated the Blue Book `` but it still remains the compact reference book used by so many for those ever-changing telephone numbers , addresses , other residences , club affiliations and marriages '' .
publisher richardson has updated the blue book `` but it still [stays] the compact reference book used by so many for those ever-changing telephone numbers , addresses , other residences , club affiliations and marriages '' .

The committee remains unresponsive .
the committee [stays] unresponsive .

There remains , of course , the question of what the West can do beyond diplomatic protest to prevent the illegal efforts from becoming accomplished facts .
there [stays] , of course , the question of what the west can do beyond diplomatic protest to prevent the illegal efforts from becoming accomplished facts .

Simply out of bloodlust , their murderers dismembered the bodies and tossed the remains into the river .
simply out of bloodlust , their murderers dismembered the bodies and tossed the [stays] into the river .

West Germany remains Western
west germany [stays] western

West Germany , with its industrial and military might , reaffirmed its democracy and remains firm with the free nations .
west germany , with its industrial and military might , reaffirmed its democracy and [stays] firm with the free nations .

None of the Trujillo family remains .
none of the trujillo family [stays] .

You'd never guess it from the way they've played so far this spring , but there remains a feeling among some around here that the Orioles still have a chance to battle for the pennant in 1961 .
you'd never guess it from the way they've played so far this spring , but there [stays] a feeling among some around here that the orioles still have a chance to battle for the pennant in 1961 .

The fossilized remains of many of these trees are found embedded in the clay .
the fossilized [stays] of many of these trees are found embedded in the clay .

Whether the compromises -- on both sides -- that made possible the interim appointment can then be repeated remains to be seen .
whether the compromises -- on both sides -- that made possible the interim appointment can then be repeated [stays] to be seen .

We take the position , however , that the third choice still remains the only sane one open to us .
we take the position , however , that the third choice still [stays] the only sane one open to us .

About all that remains to be said is that the present selection , most of which appeared first in The New Yorker , comprises ( as usual ) a slightly unstrung necklace , held together by little more than a slender thread cunningly inserted in the spine of the book .
about all that [stays] to be said is that the present selection , most of which appeared first in the new yorker , comprises ( as usual ) a slightly unstrung necklace , held together by little more than a slender thread cunningly inserted in the spine of the book .

And the leading issue , that of piecemeal aggression , remains the same .
and the leading issue , that of piecemeal aggression , [stays] the same .

The current exhibition , which remains on view through Oct. 29 , has tapped 14 major collections and many private sources .
the current exhibition , which [stays] on view through oct. 29 , has tapped 14 major collections and many private sources .

For this reason , he says , the density of the universe always remains the same even though the galaxies are zooming away in all directions .
for this reason , he says , the density of the universe always [stays] the same even though the galaxies are zooming away in all directions .

And it remains to be seen if the new frontier now taking form can produce the leadership and wisdom necessary to understand the current shape of events .
and it [stays] to be seen if the new frontier now taking form can produce the leadership and wisdom necessary to understand the current shape of events .

Although the particular form of conceptualization which popular imagination had made in response to the experience of spirit was undoubtedly defective , the raw experience itself which led to such excesses remains with us as vividly as ever .
although the particular form of conceptualization which popular imagination had made in response to the experience of spirit was undoubtedly defective , the raw experience itself which led to such excesses [stays] with us as vividly as ever .

yet each historical event remains unique .
yet each historical event [stays] unique .

In both cases the stubborn fact remains : liberalism gave birth to two brilliant apostates , both legitimate offspring of its loins , and when brought to the test , it behaved shabbily .
in both cases the stubborn fact [stays] : liberalism gave birth to two brilliant apostates , both legitimate offspring of its loins , and when brought to the test , it behaved shabbily .

Thus , while it remains possible that the Babylonians and/or the Pythagoreans may perhaps have had the magic square of three before the Chinese did , more definite evidence will have to turn up from the Middle East or the Classical World before China can lose her claim to the earliest known magic square by more than a thousand years .
thus , while it [stays] possible that the babylonians and/or the pythagoreans may perhaps have had the magic square of three before the chinese did , more definite evidence will have to turn up from the middle east or the classical world before china can lose her claim to the earliest known magic square by more than a thousand years .

But , in spite of all this , enough evidence remains to show that the magic square of three must indeed have been the object of a rather extensive cult -- or series of cults -- reaching fullest expression in the Han period .
but , in spite of all this , enough evidence [stays] to show that the magic square of three must indeed have been the object of a rather extensive cult -- or series of cults -- reaching fullest expression in the han period .

Yet the fact remains that such institutions do set men at odds with their fellows .
yet the fact [stays] that such institutions do set men at odds with their fellows .

As you can see , in this Push-Pull Super Set the entire chest-back-shoulder area is vigorously exercised in alternate sectors by alternate exercises so the complete torso remains pumped-up all the time ! !
as you can see , in this push-pull super set the entire chest-back-shoulder area is vigorously exercised in alternate sectors by alternate exercises so the complete torso [stays] pumped-up all the time ! !

One year I simply set the plants in the remains of a compost pile , to which a little sand had been added , and I had the most beautiful pansies in my , or any of my neighbors' experience .
one year i simply set the plants in the [stays] of a compost pile , to which a little sand had been added , and i had the most beautiful pansies in my , or any of my neighbors' experience .

Even if this is some day possible , there remains the 30-minute time of flight of a missile to its overseas target .
even if this is some day possible , there [stays] the 30-minute time of flight of a missile to its overseas target .

The timbre remains that of the instruments unclouded by resonance .
the timbre [stays] that of the instruments unclouded by resonance .

A constant is a number that remains the same regardless of the other numbers used in the formula and the resultant equation .
a constant is a number that [stays] the same regardless of the other numbers used in the formula and the resultant equation .

Near the end of the Hippodrome I came upon the Built Column , a truncated obelisk of blocks , all that remains of a monument that once rivalled the Colossus of Rhodes .
near the end of the hippodrome i came upon the built column , a truncated obelisk of blocks , all that [stays] of a monument that once rivalled the colossus of rhodes .

The sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of Oersted's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 .
the sequence of events leading to his important discovery still [stays] ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of oersted's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of 1820 .

The revolution is well under way , but much more remains to be done
the revolution is well under way , but much more [stays] to be done

Interpretation , naturally , remains the role of the therapist , but orientation -- not only the patient's vocal giveaways of geographical and socio-economic background , but also vocal but non-verbal giveaways of danger spots in his relationship to people -- can be considerably beefed up by the linguist .
interpretation , naturally , [stays] the role of the therapist , but orientation -- not only the patient's vocal giveaways of geographical and socio-economic background , but also vocal but non-verbal giveaways of danger spots in his relationship to people -- can be considerably beefed up by the linguist .

Hereby , the external object viewed by the eyes remains the thing that is seen , not the retinal image , the purpose of which would be to achieve perceptive cooperation by stirring sympathetic impulses in the other sensory centers , motor tensions , associated word symbols , and consciousness .
hereby , the external object viewed by the eyes [stays] the thing that is seen , not the retinal image , the purpose of which would be to achieve perceptive cooperation by stirring sympathetic impulses in the other sensory centers , motor tensions , associated word symbols , and consciousness .

He locked his equipment in a cabinet where it still remains .
he locked his equipment in a cabinet where it still [stays] .

As long as his material is Americana , can in some way be ascribed to the masses and appears `` democratic '' to his audience , he remains satisfied .
as long as his material is americana , can in some way be ascribed to the masses and appears `` democratic '' to his audience , he [stays] satisfied .

nothing remains the same .
nothing [stays] the same .

and because Communists have the will and , as long as Soviet power remains intact , the capacity to prevent their realization .
and because communists have the will and , as long as soviet power [stays] intact , the capacity to prevent their realization .

This much having been said , the question remains whether we have the resources for the job we have to do -- defeat Communism -- and , if so , how those resources ought to be used .
this much having been said , the question [stays] whether we have the resources for the job we have to do -- defeat communism -- and , if so , how those resources ought to be used .

But the fact remains that in most restaurants , including some of the best of Paris and Bordeaux and Dijon , the bottle is frankly and simply brought from the cellar to the table when ordered , and all the conditioning or preparation it ever receives takes place while the chef is preparing the meal .
but the fact [stays] that in most restaurants , including some of the best of paris and bordeaux and dijon , the bottle is frankly and simply brought from the cellar to the table when ordered , and all the conditioning or preparation it ever receives takes place while the chef is preparing the meal .

And the fact remains that there are today few shining examples of Negroes in positions of intellectual leadership .
and the fact [stays] that there are today few shining examples of negroes in positions of intellectual leadership .

Per capita consumption remains around 16 pounds in the United States .
per capita consumption [stays] around 16 pounds in the united states .

The remains of the Portico of Octavia are now in front of you .
the [stays] of the portico of octavia are now in front of you .

As you approach the church on the Via D. Baullari you are passing within yards of the remains of the Roman Theatre of Pompey , near which is believed to have been the place where Julius Caesar was assassinated .
as you approach the church on the via d. baullari you are passing within yards of the [stays] of the roman theatre of pompey , near which is believed to have been the place where julius caesar was assassinated .

The perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need .
the perplexing question still [stays] as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need .

But even for them it remains a museum , or perhaps it would be more accurate to say a tomb , a tomb in which Persia lies well preserved but indeed dead .
but even for them it [stays] a museum , or perhaps it would be more accurate to say a tomb , a tomb in which persia lies well preserved but indeed dead .

He has made it his , and his it remains , irrevocably .
he has made it his , and his it [stays] , irrevocably .

The concept remains subjective .
the concept [stays] subjective .

To my knowledge , Lincoln remains the only Head of State and Commander-in-Chief who , while fighting a fearful war whose issue was in doubt , proved man enough to say this publicly -- to give his foe the benefit of the fact that in all human truth there is some error , and in all our error , some truth .
to my knowledge , lincoln [stays] the only head of state and commander-in-chief who , while fighting a fearful war whose issue was in doubt , proved man enough to say this publicly -- to give his foe the benefit of the fact that in all human truth there is some error , and in all our error , some truth .

Whether any of us remain in it long will depend on what happens as a result of the technological and economic revolutions now going on in the countries of Asia and Africa , and also of course on how long the cold war remains cold .
whether any of us remain in it long will depend on what happens as a result of the technological and economic revolutions now going on in the countries of asia and africa , and also of course on how long the cold war [stays] cold .

And if I have gone into so much detail about so small a work , that is because it is also so typical a work , representing the germinal form of a conflict which remains essential in Mann's writing : the crude sketch of Piepsam contains , in its critical , destructive and self-destructive tendencies , much that is enlarged and illuminated in the figures of , for instance , Naphta and Leverkuhn .
and if i have gone into so much detail about so small a work , that is because it is also so typical a work , representing the germinal form of a conflict which [stays] essential in mann's writing : the crude sketch of piepsam contains , in its critical , destructive and self-destructive tendencies , much that is enlarged and illuminated in the figures of , for instance , naphta and leverkuhn .

Today the private detective will also investigate insurance claims or handle divorce cases , but his primary function remains what it has always been , to assist those who have money in their unending struggle with those who have not .
today the private detective will also investigate insurance claims or handle divorce cases , but his primary function [stays] what it has always been , to assist those who have money in their unending struggle with those who have not .

Since the air is a continuum , the network of communication remains intact regardless of the positions or motions of the points ( the people ) in the net .
since the air is a continuum , the network of communication [stays] intact regardless of the positions or motions of the points ( the people ) in the net .

But the fact remains that even the unconscious acceptance of himself as a man of destiny divinely protected must be censored in any man who evades the responsibility for his major decisions , and thus for imposing his will on the people .
but the fact [stays] that even the unconscious acceptance of himself as a man of destiny divinely protected must be censored in any man who evades the responsibility for his major decisions , and thus for imposing his will on the people .

This showed that common sense had not died out at the county and village level -- though why the unhappy and obviously unbalanced woman was not restrained remains a puzzle .
this showed that common sense had not died out at the county and village level -- though why the unhappy and obviously unbalanced woman was not restrained [stays] a puzzle .

Their interest remains chiefly biographical , for they throw some light on the utter despair which overtook Thompson in the spring and early summer of 1900 .
their interest [stays] chiefly biographical , for they throw some light on the utter despair which overtook thompson in the spring and early summer of 1900 .

Many years later I went to see S.K. in England , where he was living at Whiteleaf , near Aylesbury , and he showed me beside his cottage there the remains of the road on which Boadicea is supposed to have travelled .
many years later i went to see s.k. in england , where he was living at whiteleaf , near aylesbury , and he showed me beside his cottage there the [stays] of the road on which boadicea is supposed to have travelled .

Nevertheless , with all these qualifications and exceptions , the current dystopian phenomenon remains impressive for its criticism that science and technology , instead of bringing utopia , may well enslave , dehumanize , and even destroy men .
nevertheless , with all these qualifications and exceptions , the current dystopian phenomenon [stays] impressive for its criticism that science and technology , instead of bringing utopia , may well enslave , dehumanize , and even destroy men .

but I am so aware of an uninterrupted continuity of the persona or ego that I see only as absurd the tendency of some psychologists from Heraclitus to Pirandello and Proust to regard consciousness as no more than a flux amid which nothing remains unchanged .
but i am so aware of an uninterrupted continuity of the persona or ego that i see only as absurd the tendency of some psychologists from heraclitus to pirandello and proust to regard consciousness as no more than a flux amid which nothing [stays] unchanged .

It cannot become the source of a real Atlantic community if it remains organized to deal only with the military threat which first brought it into being '' .
it cannot become the source of a real atlantic community if it [stays] organized to deal only with the military threat which first brought it into being '' .

Perhaps tracing some of these more important symbols through the body of his work will show that Patchen's new poetry is well thought out , and remains within the mainstream of his work , while being suited to a new form .
perhaps tracing some of these more important symbols through the body of his work will show that patchen's new poetry is well thought out , and [stays] within the mainstream of his work , while being suited to a new form .

For example , the interest of past members of the Foundation's Advisory Board remains such that they place their knowledge and judgments at our disposal much as they had done when they were , formally , members of that Board .
for example , the interest of past members of the foundation's advisory board [stays] such that they place their knowledge and judgments at our disposal much as they had done when they were , formally , members of that board .

Mare Imbrium seems to be an exception and remains cooler than the regions which surround it .
mare imbrium seems to be an exception and [stays] cooler than the regions which surround it .

The nuclear dipole effects provide some information on the motions of the hydrogen nuclei , but the symmetry of the Af bond in Af remains in doubt .
the nuclear dipole effects provide some information on the motions of the hydrogen nuclei , but the symmetry of the af bond in af [stays] in doubt .

The best chance , of course , is offered by gently sloping terrain where the water remains close to the surface and where the air is dry , so that a high evaporation leaves salty deposits which permit only sparse plant growth .
the best chance , of course , is offered by gently sloping terrain where the water [stays] close to the surface and where the air is dry , so that a high evaporation leaves salty deposits which permit only sparse plant growth .

It is assumed that the iodine released from the iodotyrosines remains in the iodide pool of the thyroid , where it is oxidised and re-incorporated into thyroglobulin .
it is assumed that the iodine released from the iodotyrosines [stays] in the iodide pool of the thyroid , where it is oxidised and re-incorporated into thyroglobulin .

More generally , suppose that an experiment consists of a number of independent trials , that each trial results in either a `` success '' or a `` non-success '' ( `` failure '' ) , and that the probability of success remains constant from trial to trial .
more generally , suppose that an experiment consists of a number of independent trials , that each trial results in either a `` success '' or a `` non-success '' ( `` failure '' ) , and that the probability of success [stays] constant from trial to trial .

There are three possibilities : ( A ) Af remains tangent to C as it is translated ; ;
there are three possibilities : ( a ) af [stays] tangent to c as it is translated ; ;

All these things and countless more enter into their calculations , and yet , the enchanting index remains non-forthcoming .
all these things and countless more enter into their calculations , and yet , the enchanting index [stays] non-forthcoming .

There remains a residue of total costs , or total `` revenue requirements '' which , since it is found to behave as if it were constant over substantial variations in traffic density , is strictly unallocable on a cost-finding basis .
there [stays] a residue of total costs , or total `` revenue requirements '' which , since it is found to behave as if it were constant over substantial variations in traffic density , is strictly unallocable on a cost-finding basis .

And if we can see that what we meant to say remains the same , while the feeling varies from intensity to near zero , it is not the feeling that we primarily meant to express .
and if we can see that what we meant to say [stays] the same , while the feeling varies from intensity to near zero , it is not the feeling that we primarily meant to express .

If the argument is accepted as essentially sound up to this point , it remains for us to consider whether the patient's difficulties in orienting himself spatially and in locating objects in space with the sense of touch can be explained by his defective visual condition .
if the argument is accepted as essentially sound up to this point , it [stays] for us to consider whether the patient's difficulties in orienting himself spatially and in locating objects in space with the sense of touch can be explained by his defective visual condition .

For this period , as for earlier centuries , pottery remains the most secure source ; ;
for this period , as for earlier centuries , pottery [stays] the most secure source ; ;

In a like sense whatever bits or shreds of previous conceptions one may find in it , Utopian communism remains , as an integral whole , original -- a new thing .
in a like sense whatever bits or shreds of previous conceptions one may find in it , utopian communism [stays] , as an integral whole , original -- a new thing .

In their very first collages , Braque and Picasso draw or paint over and on the affixed paper or cloth , so that certain of the principal features of their subjects as depicted seem to thrust out into real , bas-relief space -- or to be about to do so -- while the rest of the subject remains imbedded in , or flat upon , the surface .
in their very first collages , braque and picasso draw or paint over and on the affixed paper or cloth , so that certain of the principal features of their subjects as depicted seem to thrust out into real , bas-relief space -- or to be about to do so -- while the rest of the subject [stays] imbedded in , or flat upon , the surface .

When all has been said , however , the big branch store remains a major break with history in the development of American retailing .
when all has been said , however , the big branch store [stays] a major break with history in the development of american retailing .

A third volume remains to be published .
a third volume [stays] to be published .

However , the problem of consumer acceptability remains .
however , the problem of consumer acceptability [stays] .

In flexible urethane foams , we are referring to the range between the highest and lowest temperatures under which the materials' primary performance remains functionally useful .
in flexible urethane foams , we are referring to the range between the highest and lowest temperatures under which the materials' primary performance [stays] functionally useful .

Finally , when the accelerometer output is zero , the entire system remains stationary , and the platform is , by definition , leveled .
finally , when the accelerometer output is zero , the entire system [stays] stationary , and the platform is , by definition , leveled .

`` The fact remains he was treasurer '' .
`` the fact [stays] he was treasurer '' .

Although it was a mere fragment of the victim's remains , it was enough .
although it was a mere fragment of the victim's [stays] , it was enough .

My heart was not in it , but , oddly enough , it remains the most financially successful picture of my career .
my heart was not in it , but , oddly enough , it [stays] the most financially successful picture of my career .

40 centuries ago , a farming and hunting community chose this spot in the Cotswolds to bury the burnt and crushed remains of a single skeleton .
40 centuries ago , a farming and hunting community chose this spot in the cotswolds to bury the burnt and crushed [stays] of a single skeleton .

It 's possible there are more remains ; bodies or cremations ; inserted at a later date that we 've yet to find .
it 's possible there are more [stays] ; bodies or cremations ; inserted at a later date that we 've yet to find .

Other relics have been discovered , like the remains of a possible Saxon building .
other relics have been discovered , like the [stays] of a possible saxon building .

’ 10 months on , that law remains the same .
’ 10 months on , that law [stays] the same .

Most of the material remains in the shaft .
most of the material [stays] in the shaft .

But the fact remains … at at least one French hymerkaet … British shoppers who want the best prices may be better of shopping cross-channel .
but the fact [stays] … at at least one french hymerkaet … british shoppers who want the best prices may be better of shopping cross-channel .

This is all that remains of a stolen van , dumped on an isolated track in the forest of dean , then set alight .
this is all that [stays] of a stolen van , dumped on an isolated track in the forest of dean , then set alight .

Although his body 's been cremated , the Earl 's remains will be interred in the Spencer family vault at St Mary the Virgin .
although his body 's been cremated , the earl 's [stays] will be interred in the spencer family vault at st mary the virgin .

The Defence Secretary remains unapologetic ; during an election visit to Swindon he claimed opposition defence policies would be an even harder bullett to bite .
the defence secretary [stays] unapologetic ; during an election visit to swindon he claimed opposition defence policies would be an even harder bullett to bite .

Whose body ? Remains unearthed after twenty year hunt for missing woman .
whose body ? [stays] unearthed after twenty year hunt for missing woman .

Police searching for the remains of a woman who went missing twenty years ago have recovered a body .
police searching for the [stays] of a woman who went missing twenty years ago have recovered a body .

The Victorians made the gardens the highlight of the Old Town , and it remains to this day an ideal place to sit and relax .
the victorians made the gardens the highlight of the old town , and it [stays] to this day an ideal place to sit and relax .

Only the Norman crypt remains as evidence of that church . It and the rest of the prison will officially be mothballed from 8.15 tonight when the governor hands over his keys and relinquishes his responsibliities
only the norman crypt [stays] as evidence of that church . it and the rest of the prison will officially be mothballed from 8.15 tonight when the governor hands over his keys and relinquishes his responsibliities

All that remains will be concrete and tyres .
all that [stays] will be concrete and tyres .

Rubble and rubbish ; the sordid remains of a gypsy invasion .
rubble and rubbish ; the sordid [stays] of a gypsy invasion .

For some the memory still remains , 10 years after her death .
for some the memory still [stays] , 10 years after her death .

Now only the heavily contaminated heart of the machine remains
now only the heavily contaminated heart of the machine [stays]

Workers excavating the site for a new hotel have unearthed the remains of dinosaurs who inhabited the area ( 150 ) a hundred and fifty million years ago .
workers excavating the site for a new hotel have unearthed the [stays] of dinosaurs who inhabited the area ( 150 ) a hundred and fifty million years ago .

The remains of hundreds of woolly mammoths from the Ice Agehave been found on a site which was to be turned into a rubbish dump .
the [stays] of hundreds of woolly mammoths from the ice agehave been found on a site which was to be turned into a rubbish dump .

But the discovery of the remains of hundreds , even thousands , of the huge animals in the river bed of the Thames has changed all that .
but the discovery of the [stays] of hundreds , even thousands , of the huge animals in the river bed of the thames has changed all that .

If we found some human remains it would be an extraordinarily important site .
if we found some human [stays] it would be an extraordinarily important site .

Certainly it 's a sad loss for Lyneham and particularly the squadrons involved but our operational task remains and the training goes on to achieve that
certainly it 's a sad loss for lyneham and particularly the squadrons involved but our operational task [stays] and the training goes on to achieve that

Patches of scorched earth are the only physical evidence that remains of the invasion that took place on Castlemorton Common .
patches of scorched earth are the only physical evidence that [stays] of the invasion that took place on castlemorton common .

Meanwhile working at Long Lartin remains a depressing business …
meanwhile working at long lartin [stays] a depressing business …

The sense of adventure felt by the pioneers of flight still remains with those who carry on the tradition of ballooning today .
the sense of adventure felt by the pioneers of flight still [stays] with those who carry on the tradition of ballooning today .

How many more generations continue to do so remains to be seen .
how many more generations continue to do so [stays] to be seen .

There may not be a star but there 's definately a stripe in the latest addition to the anniversary of Christopher Columbus 's voyage to the Anericas … The flower named after the explorer was unveiled at the British Rose Festival at Hampton Court where the Queen was among the visitors … the striped bloom is n't unique … but it is unusual … but how they get it remains a well kept secret .
there may not be a star but there 's definately a stripe in the latest addition to the anniversary of christopher columbus 's voyage to the anericas … the flower named after the explorer was unveiled at the british rose festival at hampton court where the queen was among the visitors … the striped bloom is n't unique … but it is unusual … but how they get it [stays] a well kept secret .

All that remains of other plants are the old metal labels naming the varieties :
all that [stays] of other plants are the old metal labels naming the varieties :

Today , hospital officials say her condition is improving , but she remains seriously ill .
today , hospital officials say her condition is improving , but she [stays] seriously ill .

For the moment , Becky remains in intensive care , after falling from her horse on Saturday .
for the moment , becky [stays] in intensive care , after falling from her horse on saturday .

About this time of year she 'd have expected business to be picking up , but instead it remains ominously quiet .
about this time of year she 'd have expected business to be picking up , but instead it [stays] ominously quiet .

What the Department will do now following Mr Davis ' rejection of their decision remains to be seen .
what the department will do now following mr davis ' rejection of their decision [stays] to be seen .

The Tories , however , maintain that British science remains in good health .
the tories , however , maintain that british science [stays] in good health .

’ The value of an air ambulance service remains uncertain , compared with the use of that money in a different way .
’ the value of an air ambulance service [stays] uncertain , compared with the use of that money in a different way .

Investigations into what caused the accident are already underway , but at this stage it remains a mystery .
investigations into what caused the accident are already underway , but at this stage it [stays] a mystery .

The discovery was made by accountants sifting through the remains of the Maxwell business empire .
the discovery was made by accountants sifting through the [stays] of the maxwell business empire .

Where there was one British Leyland until February this year , there are now four companies — including Leyland Daf Trucks in Thame , which remains responsible for sales and marketing of trucks in Great Britain .
where there was one british leyland until february this year , there are now four companies — including leyland daf trucks in thame , which [stays] responsible for sales and marketing of trucks in great britain .

All that remains is the crumpled skeleton of the burnt out hangar .
all that [stays] is the crumpled skeleton of the burnt out hangar .

The trees remains form a mulsh that can be spread in the garden … and the chips are a useful alternative to concrete on the school 's play area .
the trees [stays] form a mulsh that can be spread in the garden … and the chips are a useful alternative to concrete on the school 's play area .

But Glen Matthews , who represents hundreds of disgruntled fans , remains to be convinced .
but glen matthews , who represents hundreds of disgruntled fans , [stays] to be convinced .

As police looking for the remains of Joan Main continued digging at the back of a townhouse in Swindon 's Old Town , her ex-husband David Main , whose house it once was , appeared before magistrates charged with her murder .
as police looking for the [stays] of joan main continued digging at the back of a townhouse in swindon 's old town , her ex-husband david main , whose house it once was , appeared before magistrates charged with her murder .

The remains of the robbers getaway car found burnt out and abandoned 2 miles from the scene of the attack .
the [stays] of the robbers getaway car found burnt out and abandoned 2 miles from the scene of the attack .

The works closed down 7 years ago , but the camaraderie remains .
the works closed down 7 years ago , but the camaraderie [stays] .

Nearly two decades have passed since Bobby Charlton graced the world 's most famous football grounds , but as Mark Kiff reports , his enthusiasm for the game remains undiminished .
nearly two decades have passed since bobby charlton graced the world 's most famous football grounds , but as mark kiff reports , his enthusiasm for the game [stays] undiminished .

The European Community is asking for what remains of Yugoslavia to be isolated from world organisations , like the United Nations , as violence continues in Sarajevo in spite of a ceasefire call .
the european community is asking for what [stays] of yugoslavia to be isolated from world organisations , like the united nations , as violence continues in sarajevo in spite of a ceasefire call .

The elder brother 's accused of murdering Christine Campbell , whose remains were found in a suitcase in the attic of the All Travellers Quest guest house in Swindon five months ago .
the elder brother 's accused of murdering christine campbell , whose [stays] were found in a suitcase in the attic of the all travellers quest guest house in swindon five months ago .

Jailed for life in 1983 for six murders he claimed to have killed at least ten other young men mutilating the bodies and dumping their remains in and around his home in North London .
jailed for life in 1983 for six murders he claimed to have killed at least ten other young men mutilating the bodies and dumping their [stays] in and around his home in north london .

Now only one remains …
now only one [stays] …

The question remains : how they they get there ?
the question [stays] : how they they get there ?

The small arms ammunition has now been retrieved by army bomb disposal experts , but how it came to be buried there remains a mystery .
the small arms ammunition has now been retrieved by army bomb disposal experts , but how it came to be buried there [stays] a mystery .

If time is precious , mini-breaks may make sense , though as with all riding holidays , the price remains relatively high , many , of course , being based on high-class hotel accommodation .
if time is precious , mini-breaks may make sense , though as with all riding holidays , the price [stays] relatively high , many , of course , being based on high-class hotel accommodation .

No , the mark remains to be
no , the mark [stays] to be

But , whether themes emerge or not , the Festival 's aim remains constant — to bring you outstanding performers in every category of our programme .
but , whether themes emerge or not , the festival 's aim [stays] constant — to bring you outstanding performers in every category of our programme .

This entirely new production , due to go on to the Royal National Theatre in London , remains true to the essence of Lorca 's play , and as vibrant as the heat and colours of ‘ the land of sun and shadow ’ .
this entirely new production , due to go on to the royal national theatre in london , [stays] true to the essence of lorca 's play , and as vibrant as the heat and colours of ‘ the land of sun and shadow ’ .

‘ The Blue Angel ’ was made in Germany in 1930 in both German and English versions , and because it became a world-wide smash hit , it remains one of the best-known and best-loved movies of all time .
‘ the blue angel ’ was made in germany in 1930 in both german and english versions , and because it became a world-wide smash hit , it [stays] one of the best-known and best-loved movies of all time .

Said it remains for me to find out .
said it [stays] for me to find out .

Erm and the instinct remains does n't it ?
erm and the instinct [stays] does n't it ?

The fatwa was and remains an affront to civilised values , for which Iran should be held accountable for as long as the command stands unrescinded .
the fatwa was and [stays] an affront to civilised values , for which iran should be held accountable for as long as the command stands unrescinded .

Yet the harsh fact remains that Rushdie has won much greater commitment from politicians elsewhere than from those in the country of which he has been a citizen for a quarter of a century .
yet the harsh fact [stays] that rushdie has won much greater commitment from politicians elsewhere than from those in the country of which he has been a citizen for a quarter of a century .

Precisely what happened on board the ship after it left Hong Kong in late December remains unclear .
precisely what happened on board the ship after it left hong kong in late december [stays] unclear .

The Milton clinic remains partly because use of its needle exchange had increased considerably .
the milton clinic [stays] partly because use of its needle exchange had increased considerably .

The ten travellers , who have four children with them , are all that remains of a 60-strong encampment on Forestry Commission land at Glen Moriston .
the ten travellers , who have four children with them , are all that [stays] of a 60-strong encampment on forestry commission land at glen moriston .

Mr Hood was backed by a large number of Scottish Labour MPs , although a section of the Parliamentary Labour Party remains severely critical of Mr Clarke .
mr hood was backed by a large number of scottish labour mps , although a section of the parliamentary labour party [stays] severely critical of mr clarke .

Mr Ashdown said : ‘ The fact remains that we can not have the social chapter if the Maastricht Bill is destroyed .
mr ashdown said : ‘ the fact [stays] that we can not have the social chapter if the maastricht bill is destroyed .

Criteria for eligibility in criminal cases remains unchanged and will continue to be based on the test of undue hardship .
criteria for eligibility in criminal cases [stays] unchanged and will continue to be based on the test of undue hardship .

‘ Having been brutally denied her rightful place to be an elected leader of her people , Aung San Suu Kyi remains courageously committed to the principles of freedom and democracy , ’ he said .
‘ having been brutally denied her rightful place to be an elected leader of her people , aung san suu kyi [stays] courageously committed to the principles of freedom and democracy , ’ he said .

Whether the average Scot will fancy black scabbard and chips remains to be seen .
whether the average scot will fancy black scabbard and chips [stays] to be seen .

‘ The place of nutritional intervention in the management of human cancer remains controversial , but it is an exciting prospect to consider that substances so innocuous and commonplace as essential fatty acids may prove to be of benefit in cancer therapy . ’
‘ the place of nutritional intervention in the management of human cancer [stays] controversial , but it is an exciting prospect to consider that substances so innocuous and commonplace as essential fatty acids may prove to be of benefit in cancer therapy . ’

For some of the families of those who died , the issue remains entirely current .
for some of the families of those who died , the issue [stays] entirely current .

The Arab states have made it clear to Mr Christopher that the mass deportation remains a problem .
the arab states have made it clear to mr christopher that the mass deportation [stays] a problem .

MacGregor , who remains passionate about sport and whose father had played football for Glasgow 's Queen 's Park , not only played rugby but spent his afternoon off playing soccer .
macgregor , who [stays] passionate about sport and whose father had played football for glasgow 's queen 's park , not only played rugby but spent his afternoon off playing soccer .

If he remains at transport , he might yet have to revise that judgment .
if he [stays] at transport , he might yet have to revise that judgment .

For many , partnership remains cloaked in a monastic exclusivity , as accessible as the holy orders .
for many , partnership [stays] cloaked in a monastic exclusivity , as accessible as the holy orders .

Whether that will mean more or less acrimony between Quebec and the federal government remains to be seen .
whether that will mean more or less acrimony between quebec and the federal government [stays] to be seen .

Days later , an elderly widow watched while a man she identified as 25-year-old Benjamin Laing , on trial for the double killing , dug a deep grave in pouring rain for the remains of Mr Manwaring , 62 , and 24-year-old Alison .
days later , an elderly widow watched while a man she identified as 25-year-old benjamin laing , on trial for the double killing , dug a deep grave in pouring rain for the [stays] of mr manwaring , 62 , and 24-year-old alison .

Barry contends the two-parent family remains the best structure for bringing up children , but that single-parent families and other minorities seem to get an inordinate say in society .
barry contends the two-parent family [stays] the best structure for bringing up children , but that single-parent families and other minorities seem to get an inordinate say in society .

In one of Europe 's sickest countries — Scotland 's heart disease and cancer rates cluster round the top of the league tables — Glasgow 's health record remains among the worst .
in one of europe 's sickest countries — scotland 's heart disease and cancer rates cluster round the top of the league tables — glasgow 's health record [stays] among the worst .

And what is undeniable is that heart disease remains by far the biggest killer in the western world , particularly Scotland .
and what is undeniable is that heart disease [stays] by far the biggest killer in the western world , particularly scotland .

Many of his problems seem to come down to cash , but even as he bows out Bradley remains the political populist , unwilling to criticise .
many of his problems seem to come down to cash , but even as he bows out bradley [stays] the political populist , unwilling to criticise .

Los Angeles remains governable , the next mayor , whatever ethnic or interest group he or she is from will find acceptance as he had .
los angeles [stays] governable , the next mayor , whatever ethnic or interest group he or she is from will find acceptance as he had .

The City remains worried about the impact of the falling pound on inflation once higher costs work through to the shops later this year .
the city [stays] worried about the impact of the falling pound on inflation once higher costs work through to the shops later this year .

For taxpayers , there are the building society TESSAs which allow interest to be credited gross , so long as the original capital remains untouched for five years and no more than the net interest is withdrawn .
for taxpayers , there are the building society tessas which allow interest to be credited gross , so long as the original capital [stays] untouched for five years and no more than the net interest is withdrawn .

He remains unrepentant about his comments last December that Scottish farmers had every reason to be confident .
he [stays] unrepentant about his comments last december that scottish farmers had every reason to be confident .

The company remains committed to worldwide annual spending of about $5 billion in 1993 and 1994 on projects which it expects to yield good returns in future , even if present lacklustre oil market conditions persist .
the company [stays] committed to worldwide annual spending of about $5 billion in 1993 and 1994 on projects which it expects to yield good returns in future , even if present lacklustre oil market conditions persist .

The bank has dropped its usual review of the prospects for the real economy from the latest quarterly bulletin , but it remains convinced that real economic growth will come when exports start rising and the country 's creditors decide that assets are cheap and start spending .
the bank has dropped its usual review of the prospects for the real economy from the latest quarterly bulletin , but it [stays] convinced that real economic growth will come when exports start rising and the country 's creditors decide that assets are cheap and start spending .

The reversionary or annual bonuses paid on the bonuses already declared on with-profits endowments have been reduced from 7 to 5 per cent — although the bonus on the benefit assured remains at 3 per cent .
the reversionary or annual bonuses paid on the bonuses already declared on with-profits endowments have been reduced from 7 to 5 per cent — although the bonus on the benefit assured [stays] at 3 per cent .

It will raise fresh worries for the Government that the much hoped-for consumer spending upturn remains beyond the horizon .
it will raise fresh worries for the government that the much hoped-for consumer spending upturn [stays] beyond the horizon .

Although there is no animosity between the players , most of whom can see the benefits of joining forces , there remains a strong rivalry between those few people in either camp who have resisted amalgamation .
although there is no animosity between the players , most of whom can see the benefits of joining forces , there [stays] a strong rivalry between those few people in either camp who have resisted amalgamation .

Maps show that about 17 miles north of today 's factory there is a Whessoe Cottage and Grange , and the remains of a manor house .
maps show that about 17 miles north of today 's factory there is a whessoe cottage and grange , and the [stays] of a manor house .

Archaeological digs by a team from Newcastle University failed to find any remains of interest in the area to be developed , yesterday 's planning applications sub-committee was told .
archaeological digs by a team from newcastle university failed to find any [stays] of interest in the area to be developed , yesterday 's planning applications sub-committee was told .

But it remains frequently entertaining in much the same way that reminiscences , anecdotes and so on can be , and particularly because of the three-member cast .
but it [stays] frequently entertaining in much the same way that reminiscences , anecdotes and so on can be , and particularly because of the three-member cast .

But the chief joy despite several eye-catching supporting roles remains watching Courtenay milk the script for all its worth .
but the chief joy despite several eye-catching supporting roles [stays] watching courtenay milk the script for all its worth .

The identity of those at the centre of the row remains a closely guarded secret , but council officers are known to have spoken with management from Wiltshier Northern , the company that built the complex .
the identity of those at the centre of the row [stays] a closely guarded secret , but council officers are known to have spoken with management from wiltshier northern , the company that built the complex .

It remains a welcoming , cosmopolitan sort of pub nonetheless , with much careful emphasis on real ale ( not yet from Butterknowle ) and a short bar menu with dishes like grilled fresh sardines and mussels in garlic .
it [stays] a welcoming , cosmopolitan sort of pub nonetheless , with much careful emphasis on real ale ( not yet from butterknowle ) and a short bar menu with dishes like grilled fresh sardines and mussels in garlic .

Mr McLean was as good as his word , and ‘ retired ’ after the 1983 election to become a part-time helper at Bishop Auckland constituency offices where he still remains .
mr mclean was as good as his word , and ‘ retired ’ after the 1983 election to become a part-time helper at bishop auckland constituency offices where he still [stays] .

He 's a former government Chief Whip and remains ( slightly more surprisingly ) the president of the Auto Cycle Union .
he 's a former government chief whip and [stays] ( slightly more surprisingly ) the president of the auto cycle union .

Despite her doubts about the Government 's policy over the last 13 years Ms Rorstad said she remains a floating voter .
despite her doubts about the government 's policy over the last 13 years ms rorstad said she [stays] a floating voter .

Work still remains to be done near the Skerne Park estate to complete the Railside Revival .
work still [stays] to be done near the skerne park estate to complete the railside revival .

During the night we also get a number of organ transplant flights coming in , so it is vital that the airport remains open all the time .
during the night we also get a number of organ transplant flights coming in , so it is vital that the airport [stays] open all the time .

Whether Michael Fallon 's personal popularity among voters is enough to sway what is becoming a national swing away from the Tories remains to be seen .
whether michael fallon 's personal popularity among voters is enough to sway what is becoming a national swing away from the tories [stays] to be seen .

My suspicion remains that they still want to close Rosyth .
my suspicion [stays] that they still want to close rosyth .

Billy remains as the sole surviving Thompson male .
billy [stays] as the sole surviving thompson male .

After the departure of the United States Navy 12 months ago , Ministry of Defence land at the former Holy Loch submarine base on the Clyde still remains unavailable for development .
after the departure of the united states navy 12 months ago , ministry of defence land at the former holy loch submarine base on the clyde still [stays] unavailable for development .

However , whether the prime minister 's enhanced authority after this election result will make Labor any more successful in tackling issues like unemployment than it was before , remains to be seen .
however , whether the prime minister 's enhanced authority after this election result will make labor any more successful in tackling issues like unemployment than it was before , [stays] to be seen .

Whether Mr Lamont 's chances of continued tenure in his post have been enhanced remains to be seen .
whether mr lamont 's chances of continued tenure in his post have been enhanced [stays] to be seen .

It means that the ghost of Mr Lamont will have a cold hand on the reins of the economy whether he remains Chancellor or not .
it means that the ghost of mr lamont will have a cold hand on the reins of the economy whether he [stays] chancellor or not .

The better off have escaped an increase in higher income tax rates , the upper limit on employees ' National Insurance contributions remains as does mortgage tax relief .
the better off have escaped an increase in higher income tax rates , the upper limit on employees ' national insurance contributions [stays] as does mortgage tax relief .

Mr Lamont has also put his mark on Tory budgets for the next three years , regardless of whether he remains Chancellor .
mr lamont has also put his mark on tory budgets for the next three years , regardless of whether he [stays] chancellor .

The Government remains committed to fight against inflation but the objective of zero inflation has been quietly dropped for the foreseeable future , which now extends to April 1998 .
the government [stays] committed to fight against inflation but the objective of zero inflation has been quietly dropped for the foreseeable future , which now extends to april 1998 .

The better off have escaped an increase in higher income tax rates ; the upper limit on employees ' National Insurance contributions remains as does mortgage tax relief .
the better off have escaped an increase in higher income tax rates ; the upper limit on employees ' national insurance contributions [stays] as does mortgage tax relief .

That way his problem remains his problem and you get on with your work .
that way his problem [stays] his problem and you get on with your work .

‘ Caledonian Mining remains interested in Monktonhall , but Macleod is no longer prepared to talk to the board in case it provokes further misleading comments to the press , ’ the source said .
‘ caledonian mining [stays] interested in monktonhall , but macleod is no longer prepared to talk to the board in case it provokes further misleading comments to the press , ’ the source said .

The attack on Warrington may simply mean that there remains intact in that area of England a small cell of perhaps no more than two activists who escaped detection and arrest in operations following the gasometer explosion .
the attack on warrington may simply mean that there [stays] intact in that area of england a small cell of perhaps no more than two activists who escaped detection and arrest in operations following the gasometer explosion .

Whether it will more influence ordinary citizens in England to join the chorus for withdrawal from Northern Ireland chanted frequently by Tony Benn and Ken Livingstone remains to be seen .
whether it will more influence ordinary citizens in england to join the chorus for withdrawal from northern ireland chanted frequently by tony benn and ken livingstone [stays] to be seen .

But he was stable enough to be transferred from the town 's general hospital to the specialist Walton centre for neurology and neurosurgery in Liverpool , where he remains on a ventilator .
but he was stable enough to be transferred from the town 's general hospital to the specialist walton centre for neurology and neurosurgery in liverpool , where he [stays] on a ventilator .

However , a faster alignment through a new King 's Cross station remains a possible alternative in spite of the opposition of the Treasury , which prefers a cheaper but roundabout line into St Pancras .
however , a faster alignment through a new king 's cross station [stays] a possible alternative in spite of the opposition of the treasury , which prefers a cheaper but roundabout line into st pancras .

Cyril Bleasdale , who is preparing plans to bid for a franchise to operate Scotland 's passenger trains after a proposed management buy-out , remains as director of ScotRail .
cyril bleasdale , who is preparing plans to bid for a franchise to operate scotland 's passenger trains after a proposed management buy-out , [stays] as director of scotrail .

And even though we 're finally making strides at the secondary education stage , says Ward , the fact remains that 40 per cent of tomorrow 's talent still leaves school at 16 against just 4 per cent in Japan and 10 per cent in Germany , France and America .
and even though we 're finally making strides at the secondary education stage , says ward , the fact [stays] that 40 per cent of tomorrow 's talent still leaves school at 16 against just 4 per cent in japan and 10 per cent in germany , france and america .

Cyril Bleasdale , who is preparing a bid for a franchise to operate Scotland 's passenger trains after a proposed management buy-out , remains as director of ScotRail .
cyril bleasdale , who is preparing a bid for a franchise to operate scotland 's passenger trains after a proposed management buy-out , [stays] as director of scotrail .

The economy remains stagnant , yet share prices rose 15 per cent last year and another 5 per cent up to the beginning of this week .
the economy [stays] stagnant , yet share prices rose 15 per cent last year and another 5 per cent up to the beginning of this week .

Speculation over the future of the European monetary system continues and there are still enough problems to ensure that the system remains basically unstable , at least until mid-year .
speculation over the future of the european monetary system continues and there are still enough problems to ensure that the system [stays] basically unstable , at least until mid-year .

As long as this remains the case things should proceed smoothly — as long as the Bundesbank acts as predicted ( keeps rates coming down ) .
as long as this [stays] the case things should proceed smoothly — as long as the bundesbank acts as predicted ( keeps rates coming down ) .

What it is exactly , remains to be seen .
what it is exactly , [stays] to be seen .

Although historic links between the two countries go back long before the days when the French were sending troops to help the Jacobite rebellions , the French presence in Scotland remains relatively small .
although historic links between the two countries go back long before the days when the french were sending troops to help the jacobite rebellions , the french presence in scotland [stays] relatively small .

This had been expected to rise to £77,400 , but it remains at £75,000 .
this had been expected to rise to £77,400 , but it [stays] at £75,000 .

As expected , there was no change in corporation tax , which remains at 33 per cent .
as expected , there was no change in corporation tax , which [stays] at 33 per cent .

Lloyd 's has had a difficult time recently but it remains vital if London is to retain its pre-eminent position in the world insurance market .
lloyd 's has had a difficult time recently but it [stays] vital if london is to retain its pre-eminent position in the world insurance market .

‘ The pattern that imports decreased more than exports remains unchanged , which could help maintain the surplus and problems with other nations , ’ Mr Okoshi said .
‘ the pattern that imports decreased more than exports [stays] unchanged , which could help maintain the surplus and problems with other nations , ’ mr okoshi said .

Supporters argue that it would involve no more than one extra piece of paper being produced alongside insurance and roadworthiness certificates , when the road fund licence is bought — while there remains the more radical possibility of issuing the number plate annually consequent on the tax being paid .
supporters argue that it would involve no more than one extra piece of paper being produced alongside insurance and roadworthiness certificates , when the road fund licence is bought — while there [stays] the more radical possibility of issuing the number plate annually consequent on the tax being paid .

Whether this increase will be applied to the employer 's or to the employees ' contributions remains to be seen .
whether this increase will be applied to the employer 's or to the employees ' contributions [stays] to be seen .

But for the basic rate taxpayer , the problem of annual management charges eroding a diminished dividend yield remains .
but for the basic rate taxpayer , the problem of annual management charges eroding a diminished dividend yield [stays] .

Mr Lang remains convinced that savings are still there to be made even though he appears to accept that these will be less than originally envisaged .
mr lang [stays] convinced that savings are still there to be made even though he appears to accept that these will be less than originally envisaged .

What it will be like at the age of three score and ten remains to be seen .
what it will be like at the age of three score and ten [stays] to be seen .

But Sandy Grant Gordon remains clan chief of the whisky company set up in 1886 in Dufftown by his great grandfather , William Grant .
but sandy grant gordon [stays] clan chief of the whisky company set up in 1886 in dufftown by his great grandfather , william grant .

The figures included a £22.7 million one-off gain on the sale of Reuters ' shares and Lord Stevens remains cautious about the outlook .
the figures included a £22.7 million one-off gain on the sale of reuters ' shares and lord stevens [stays] cautious about the outlook .

We can expect an acceleration of such activity over the coming week if the weather remains mild and we are likely to start hearing of our first summer visitors also .
we can expect an acceleration of such activity over the coming week if the weather [stays] mild and we are likely to start hearing of our first summer visitors also .

Biggest dangers to the front- runners are Rafferty , who next week defends his Portuguese Open title , Kiwi Frank Nobilo , seeking his second win in seven days , and Spaniard Jose Maria Olazabal , who is at two under par and remains favourite after the withdrawal of the stricken Seve Ballesteros .
biggest dangers to the front- runners are rafferty , who next week defends his portuguese open title , kiwi frank nobilo , seeking his second win in seven days , and spaniard jose maria olazabal , who is at two under par and [stays] favourite after the withdrawal of the stricken seve ballesteros .

In spite of nearly one in eight adult Australians being out of work , sponsorship remains vibrant here .
in spite of nearly one in eight adult australians being out of work , sponsorship [stays] vibrant here .

Only the top three teams in the division have scored more goals than the Brockville side this season , but the fact that only Cowdenbeath have conceded more goals than them is the reason why relegation remains a distinct possibility .
only the top three teams in the division have scored more goals than the brockville side this season , but the fact that only cowdenbeath have conceded more goals than them is the reason why relegation [stays] a distinct possibility .

The upshot is that area remains undeniably fragile as two clearances off the line , a fortuitous break off the bar and an own goal in this game would suggest that the manner in which Falkirk salvaged the point at Pittodrie suggests they are confident of scoring at least as many goals as the opposition during a match .
the upshot is that area [stays] undeniably fragile as two clearances off the line , a fortuitous break off the bar and an own goal in this game would suggest that the manner in which falkirk salvaged the point at pittodrie suggests they are confident of scoring at least as many goals as the opposition during a match .

The fear remains that one of the most influential figures in this year 's championship could yet lose out .
the fear [stays] that one of the most influential figures in this year 's championship could yet lose out .

Yet , make no mistake , he remains a formidable foe .
yet , make no mistake , he [stays] a formidable foe .

The Scottish Cup remains the Pittodrie side 's only chance of a trophy this season and no doubt the sponsor , Tennents , will welcome their participation in the penultimate stage of a tournament which was brought to life by the courageous display of Clydebank , who had seemed crushed and then reshaped into tigerish opposition .
the scottish cup [stays] the pittodrie side 's only chance of a trophy this season and no doubt the sponsor , tennents , will welcome their participation in the penultimate stage of a tournament which was brought to life by the courageous display of clydebank , who had seemed crushed and then reshaped into tigerish opposition .

Nicol — acknowledging club triumphs at the Midlands contest and at Panmure — has not had Millard 's exposure to quality sevens fields yet , but it 's not in Nicol 's nature to meekly accept that Millard remains front-runner for a place in the World Cup Sevens at Murrayfield from 16-18 April .
nicol — acknowledging club triumphs at the midlands contest and at panmure — has not had millard 's exposure to quality sevens fields yet , but it 's not in nicol 's nature to meekly accept that millard [stays] front-runner for a place in the world cup sevens at murrayfield from 16-18 april .

‘ What happens in Europe remains only the icing on the cake for Rangers , ’ he said .
‘ what happens in europe [stays] only the icing on the cake for rangers , ’ he said .

Consequently , none of the 13 players who took part in the European Championship tie against Germany in Sweden ten months ago , remains in Roxburgh 's plans .
consequently , none of the 13 players who took part in the european championship tie against germany in sweden ten months ago , [stays] in roxburgh 's plans .

My approach to computers then and now remains the same .
my approach to computers then and now [stays] the same .

How each existing club will adapt to this remains to be seen , but clear messages for more non-competitive activity came across , including the civilising of premises where necessary .
how each existing club will adapt to this [stays] to be seen , but clear messages for more non-competitive activity came across , including the civilising of premises where necessary .

The Eb/β-actin expression remains relatively constant for all of the transgenics ( see Table 1 ( Long 11 is the exception , see below ) and data not shown ) .
the eb/β-actin expression [stays] relatively constant for all of the transgenics ( see table 1 ( long 11 is the exception , see below ) and data not shown ) .

Yet Lynch remains a member of the church .
yet lynch [stays] a member of the church .

Given his views , one might be surprised that Lynch remains a priest .
given his views , one might be surprised that lynch [stays] a priest .

Given the radical nature of his views , one must ask why he remains a priest .
given the radical nature of his views , one must ask why he [stays] a priest .

Environmentalists oppose the plans because they say the road will destroy the remains of the historic Stockton Railway Line , cut the town in two and bring more heavy industrial traffic .
environmentalists oppose the plans because they say the road will destroy the [stays] of the historic stockton railway line , cut the town in two and bring more heavy industrial traffic .

The thieves ' favourite remains mountain bikes , with many among those taken last week .
the thieves ' favourite [stays] mountain bikes , with many among those taken last week .

Among younger MPs Gordon Brown remains possible but , says Watkins , the smart money is on Tony Blair .
among younger mps gordon brown [stays] possible but , says watkins , the smart money is on tony blair .

Locals know it 's closest to Coundon Grange , or what remains of it .
locals know it 's closest to coundon grange , or what [stays] of it .

Today the case remains open .
today the case [stays] open .

As an additional thought , the developers are going to be asked to manage what remains of the woodland . The only management we have seen to date has been with the aid of a chainsaw !
as an additional thought , the developers are going to be asked to manage what [stays] of the woodland . the only management we have seen to date has been with the aid of a chainsaw !

Dew members fear the planned cross-town route will destroy the remains of the world 's first commercial railway .
dew members fear the planned cross-town route will destroy the [stays] of the world 's first commercial railway .

But Keith Atkinson , director of the council 's environmental health department , remains unconvinced that the allotment owners are blameless .
but keith atkinson , director of the council 's environmental health department , [stays] unconvinced that the allotment owners are blameless .

Elsewhere in the town the number of burglaries remains high but there have also been a large number of arrests made in the last seven days .
elsewhere in the town the number of burglaries [stays] high but there have also been a large number of arrests made in the last seven days .

But even if the money remains the same , it seems unlikely that the services will .
but even if the money [stays] the same , it seems unlikely that the services will .

But Phil Lenton , assistant divisional officer for Nupe , remains to be convinced .
but phil lenton , assistant divisional officer for nupe , [stays] to be convinced .

In spite of his years , Sir Richard remains very active and will deliver one of the principal addresses at today 's conference at the offices of the Royal Society in London .
in spite of his years , sir richard [stays] very active and will deliver one of the principal addresses at today 's conference at the offices of the royal society in london .

Whether this moderate tower in St Enoch 's Square will do more than brighten up a few central shopping streets remains to be seen .
whether this moderate tower in st enoch 's square will do more than brighten up a few central shopping streets [stays] to be seen .

Among those damaged are the remains of two Viking nousts or boathouses .
among those damaged are the [stays] of two viking nousts or boathouses .

The storms have also left the remains of a medieval church perched perilously close to the sea .
the storms have also left the [stays] of a medieval church perched perilously close to the sea .

It remains to be seen whether or not Darren Jackson will recover from the stomach injury which kept the striker out of Hibs ' Cup win over Cowdenbeath .
it [stays] to be seen whether or not darren jackson will recover from the stomach injury which kept the striker out of hibs ' cup win over cowdenbeath .

The name stuck and prospered , and remains to this day .
the name stuck and prospered , and [stays] to this day .

The Fellow , who had conceded weight to both when third in Newbury 's Hennessy Gold Cup in November , remains 6-4 favourite .
the fellow , who had conceded weight to both when third in newbury 's hennessy gold cup in november , [stays] 6-4 favourite .

Why Michael Atherton was not immediately drafted in when the experience of Gooch was lost before the start , with Stewart being told to keep wicket as originally planned , remains one of the mysteries of the tour — and as crass a selection error as leaving out Phil Tufnell from the first Test at Calcutta .
why michael atherton was not immediately drafted in when the experience of gooch was lost before the start , with stewart being told to keep wicket as originally planned , [stays] one of the mysteries of the tour — and as crass a selection error as leaving out phil tufnell from the first test at calcutta .

The buzzword for Dusseldorf remains brash .
the buzzword for dusseldorf [stays] brash .

The bowling department remains England 's main problem area , despite the batting failures , and there is not much good that can be said about the bowlers .
the bowling department [stays] england 's main problem area , despite the batting failures , and there is not much good that can be said about the bowlers .

Inflation remains the touchstone .
inflation [stays] the touchstone .

Leaving aside the imagery , he maintained : ‘ We have set our objectives for this season 's championship as two wins out of four and that remains the realistic target .
leaving aside the imagery , he maintained : ‘ we have set our objectives for this season 's championship as two wins out of four and that [stays] the realistic target .

Doubt remains , too , whether it is really farewell from McGeechan .
doubt [stays] , too , whether it is really farewell from mcgeechan .

Just how they defeated England remains one of the most esoteric of puzzles .
just how they defeated england [stays] one of the most esoteric of puzzles .

Gordon Smith , Caledonian 's sales director — the company is increasing its sponsorship though it remains coy on an amount — said it viewed the association with Currie as long term .
gordon smith , caledonian 's sales director — the company is increasing its sponsorship though it [stays] coy on an amount — said it viewed the association with currie as long term .

Schofield has already had cause to caution Montgomerie — in 1991 — and yesterday he said : ‘ He is a fine golfer and is clearly going to be a major figure in the game for as long as he remains active in it , but he has to be able to take it on the chin .
schofield has already had cause to caution montgomerie — in 1991 — and yesterday he said : ‘ he is a fine golfer and is clearly going to be a major figure in the game for as long as he [stays] active in it , but he has to be able to take it on the chin .

And Joseph Fernandez 's old job has other complications : being second-guessed continuously by an unelected board of education that puts its small moral agenda above all else , sabotaged by the remains of corrupt school boards , starved of federal money and unable to settle on a contract with the teachers ' union .
and joseph fernandez 's old job has other complications : being second-guessed continuously by an unelected board of education that puts its small moral agenda above all else , sabotaged by the [stays] of corrupt school boards , starved of federal money and unable to settle on a contract with the teachers ' union .

Whether the steep falls of yesterday turn into something more serious remains to be seen .
whether the steep falls of yesterday turn into something more serious [stays] to be seen .

He remains a formidable political operator and is usually at his best on the hustings .
he [stays] a formidable political operator and is usually at his best on the hustings .

The problem of congestion on the Forth Road Bridge and on the approaches to Edinburgh remains unresolved .
the problem of congestion on the forth road bridge and on the approaches to edinburgh [stays] unresolved .

Buckley is unrepentant , arguing that what remains of the Scottish coal industry now has a more secure future .
buckley is unrepentant , arguing that what [stays] of the scottish coal industry now has a more secure future .

Despite the fact that current legislation does make some attempt to provide a legal framework governing the treatment of the mentally ill , its central focus remains that of detention .
despite the fact that current legislation does make some attempt to provide a legal framework governing the treatment of the mentally ill , its central focus [stays] that of detention .

There is a lesser one , which still remains an irritation .
there is a lesser one , which still [stays] an irritation .

But Keegan 's long-term future remains in serious doubt following his astonishing walkout after the 3–1 home win against Swindon Town on Saturday .
but keegan 's long-term future [stays] in serious doubt following his astonishing walkout after the 3–1 home win against swindon town on saturday .

Whether the Halls , who remain the major shareholders with 42pc , will withdraw their support from the Second Division club remains to be seen .
whether the halls , who remain the major shareholders with 42pc , will withdraw their support from the second division club [stays] to be seen .

How businesses , especially small businesses , were supposed to survive interest rates at that level remains a mystery to me .
how businesses , especially small businesses , were supposed to survive interest rates at that level [stays] a mystery to me .

The students had been given permission by Darlington council to unearth what they hoped would be important medieval remains in Clark 's Yard , Darlington .
the students had been given permission by darlington council to unearth what they hoped would be important medieval [stays] in clark 's yard , darlington .

‘ We have a requirement for a store to serve the Darlington area and Grange Road remains our preferred site , ’ she said .
‘ we have a requirement for a store to serve the darlington area and grange road [stays] our preferred site , ’ she said .

And yet he remains ever cheerful , as happy as a Redcar sandboy doing an impression of King Canute .
and yet he [stays] ever cheerful , as happy as a redcar sandboy doing an impression of king canute .

The irony — ironies litter this affair — is that the mortal danger to Rushdie and his fellow-writers elsewhere remains just as acute , even when some of the fiercest original proponents of the fatwa have softened their stance since the fury of four years ago .
the irony — ironies litter this affair — is that the mortal danger to rushdie and his fellow-writers elsewhere [stays] just as acute , even when some of the fiercest original proponents of the fatwa have softened their stance since the fury of four years ago .

There is another huge difference between pop and film , in that it costs little to set up a band , play in community venues , make a record and get it on local radio , whereas film remains largely the preserve of big business .
there is another huge difference between pop and film , in that it costs little to set up a band , play in community venues , make a record and get it on local radio , whereas film [stays] largely the preserve of big business .

But Ed though remains superbly played by Ian Gelder , an ageing , moustachioed boy scout with emergent tendencies , as is Christopher Hancock 's fearful old dad who early on has rumbled Sloane , an Alf Garnett before his time .
but ed though [stays] superbly played by ian gelder , an ageing , moustachioed boy scout with emergent tendencies , as is christopher hancock 's fearful old dad who early on has rumbled sloane , an alf garnett before his time .

There are some 80 examples on show by nearly as many artists which reflect the development of the medium from the early Twenties to the zenith of Pop Art in the Sixties ; from the rather mundane Swans of Leopold Krumel to Roy Lichtenstein 's Sweet Dreams , Baby , which characterises his creativity and remains to this day an image in his art that bridges the gap between the commercial and the fine .
there are some 80 examples on show by nearly as many artists which reflect the development of the medium from the early twenties to the zenith of pop art in the sixties ; from the rather mundane swans of leopold krumel to roy lichtenstein 's sweet dreams , baby , which characterises his creativity and [stays] to this day an image in his art that bridges the gap between the commercial and the fine .

Equally striking and individual although aesthetically remote from the Lichtenstein , Falling Figure of 1947 by Stanley William Hayter who remains one of the most under-rated figures in the realm of modern art although recognised as the father of printmaking and creator of Atelier 17 in Paris and then in New York .
equally striking and individual although aesthetically remote from the lichtenstein , falling figure of 1947 by stanley william hayter who [stays] one of the most under-rated figures in the realm of modern art although recognised as the father of printmaking and creator of atelier 17 in paris and then in new york .

Visiting Sarajevo a fortnight ago , Osborne joined Smailovic for an impromptu performance in the devastated remains of the Skenderija Stadium .
visiting sarajevo a fortnight ago , osborne joined smailovic for an impromptu performance in the devastated [stays] of the skenderija stadium .

At £20 , Mr Seth 's novel is a more expensive treat but it remains true to the saga genre , spanning three generations and chronicling the lives of four Indian families .
at £20 , mr seth 's novel is a more expensive treat but it [stays] true to the saga genre , spanning three generations and chronicling the lives of four indian families .

There remains one other fly in the ointment , and a significant one at that — a greater chance of developing breast cancer .
there [stays] one other fly in the ointment , and a significant one at that — a greater chance of developing breast cancer .

The theory remains a controversial one but Dr Kinlen told The Scotsman that it is becoming harder to dismiss the findings as no more than chance .
the theory [stays] a controversial one but dr kinlen told the scotsman that it is becoming harder to dismiss the findings as no more than chance .

The figures are bang in line with City expectations but still show Britain 's trade gap remains a problem for the government .
the figures are bang in line with city expectations but still show britain 's trade gap [stays] a problem for the government .

The figures are bang in line with City expectations but still show Britain 's trade gap remains a problem for the Government .
the figures are bang in line with city expectations but still show britain 's trade gap [stays] a problem for the government .

The rundown remains of Liverpool Castle a replica of King John 's famous fortress have received a £40,000 cash boost .
the rundown [stays] of liverpool castle a replica of king john 's famous fortress have received a £40,000 cash boost .

The wealthy Liverpool businessman never intended to rebuild the complete castle , but to recreate the ruined remains as they were in Liverpool before demolition in 1725 .
the wealthy liverpool businessman never intended to rebuild the complete castle , but to recreate the ruined [stays] as they were in liverpool before demolition in 1725 .

The Samdporia defender , whose mistakes have done more than anything to throw the team into crisis , remains the manager 's favourite .
the samdporia defender , whose mistakes have done more than anything to throw the team into crisis , [stays] the manager 's favourite .

Miss Larkin , 24 , and Mr Pettitt , 25 , went missing for five weeks before forensic experts discovered human remains in the remnants of a fire in a secluded spot .
miss larkin , 24 , and mr pettitt , 25 , went missing for five weeks before forensic experts discovered human [stays] in the remnants of a fire in a secluded spot .

The remains of Jean 's boyfriend , Garry Pettitt have been discovered near Coppull , Chorley .
the [stays] of jean 's boyfriend , garry pettitt have been discovered near coppull , chorley .

Forensic tests have revealed teeth found in the debris of a massive fire were Gary 's and murder squad detectives are still waiting for scientists to formally identify Jean 's remains .
forensic tests have revealed teeth found in the debris of a massive fire were gary 's and murder squad detectives are still waiting for scientists to formally identify jean 's [stays] .

Unfortunately all the evidence of the last 12 months suggests that while Gooch 's batting ability remains invaluable , England would do better under a more imaginative skipper , if one could only be found .
unfortunately all the evidence of the last 12 months suggests that while gooch 's batting ability [stays] invaluable , england would do better under a more imaginative skipper , if one could only be found .

But while Flashman may have now stood down , he remains the major shareholder at the club and the legacy of his reign remains untouched .
but while flashman may have now stood down , he [stays] the major shareholder at the club and the legacy of his reign [stays] untouched .

Plans to restore the remains of Liverpool Castle a replica of King John 's fortress have received a £40,000 cash boost .
plans to restore the [stays] of liverpool castle a replica of king john 's fortress have received a £40,000 cash boost .

And along with Wimbledon defender John Scales he remains one of Souness 's top transfer targets .
and along with wimbledon defender john scales he [stays] one of souness 's top transfer targets .

Gooch 's future as captain remains far from certain but he proved in Manchester once again that his batting is indispensable .
gooch 's future as captain [stays] far from certain but he proved in manchester once again that his batting is indispensable .

‘ He remains under contract until the end of November/early December with us .
‘ he [stays] under contract until the end of november/early december with us .

It remains to be seen whether the board can get together and be in a position to give an answer in the time set .
it [stays] to be seen whether the board can get together and be in a position to give an answer in the time set .

Tracy , in his first full season of IndyCar racing , remains hopeful that he can challenge his two elders , both former Formula One world champions , for the IndyCar title .
tracy , in his first full season of indycar racing , [stays] hopeful that he can challenge his two elders , both former formula one world champions , for the indycar title .

He remains the only Irish competitor in the championships after the shock defeat of Belfast 's Damien Kelly in the flyweight division .
he [stays] the only irish competitor in the championships after the shock defeat of belfast 's damien kelly in the flyweight division .

Young Stuart Duncan is back in action after his career was put on hold following a serious knee injury last Christmas and Malone are still hoping that former Irish Schools ' star Scott Kirkpatrick remains at home rather than taking up an option to return to the States .
young stuart duncan is back in action after his career was put on hold following a serious knee injury last christmas and malone are still hoping that former irish schools ' star scott kirkpatrick [stays] at home rather than taking up an option to return to the states .

But on the eve of the All Ireland Leagues it is n't all gloom and doom , and the Irish international No 8 remains defiantly upbeat and optimistic .
but on the eve of the all ireland leagues it is n't all gloom and doom , and the irish international no 8 [stays] defiantly upbeat and optimistic .

‘ The women are occupying the cabin indefinitely to ensure that the plight of the pit remains in the public domain , ’ said a spokeswoman late last night .
‘ the women are occupying the cabin indefinitely to ensure that the plight of the pit [stays] in the public domain , ’ said a spokeswoman late last night .

It rammed the boat several times and disgorged human remains before tearing its way free .
it rammed the boat several times and disgorged human [stays] before tearing its way free .

The youths had been holding a vigil for student Quaddus Ali , who remains ‘ critical but stable ’ after reportedly being attacked by a gang of white youths in Stepney , east London , on Wednesday .
the youths had been holding a vigil for student quaddus ali , who [stays] ‘ critical but stable ’ after reportedly being attacked by a gang of white youths in stepney , east london , on wednesday .

Mr Ali , a student , remains ‘ critical but stable ’ after Wednesday night 's attack .
mr ali , a student , [stays] ‘ critical but stable ’ after wednesday night 's attack .

The terrorist threat , from both sides , remains high and there is a great degree of fear in both communities .
the terrorist threat , from both sides , [stays] high and there is a great degree of fear in both communities .

However , it remains to be seen how firm Galatasaray 's interest is and whether Nevin would want to uproot for what would be a journey , albeit a lucrative one , into the unknown .
however , it [stays] to be seen how firm galatasaray 's interest is and whether nevin would want to uproot for what would be a journey , albeit a lucrative one , into the unknown .

Barnet players have not been paid by the club for the past three weeks and , although the Professional Footballers ’ Association have moved in to pick up the £30,000 tab , £80,000 in promotion bonuses remains unpaid .
barnet players have not been paid by the club for the past three weeks and , although the professional footballers ’ association have moved in to pick up the £30,000 tab , £80,000 in promotion bonuses [stays] unpaid .

Devon Malcolm remains an outside bet .
devon malcolm [stays] an outside bet .

As a result Britain is weakened by skills shortages and the potential of millions of under-educated people remains untapped and unfulfilled — wasted .
as a result britain is weakened by skills shortages and the potential of millions of under-educated people [stays] untapped and unfulfilled — wasted .

The Medau Society remains a caring Society and is justifiably proud of its standards .
the medau society [stays] a caring society and is justifiably proud of its standards .

Never before had he seen so many people starving and so many crops dying , their dried remains being simply blown away by the wind .
never before had he seen so many people starving and so many crops dying , their dried [stays] being simply blown away by the wind .

The mother tried desperately to pack the remains of the afternoons tea back into her box .
the mother tried desperately to pack the [stays] of the afternoons tea back into her box .

Class members were sad , but Betty exchanged her ‘ Teacher 's Hat ’ for that of ‘ Active Class Member ’ so that wonderful bubbly personality is still with us , and she remains choreographer to our own Display Team .
class members were sad , but betty exchanged her ‘ teacher 's hat ’ for that of ‘ active class member ’ so that wonderful bubbly personality is still with us , and she [stays] choreographer to our own display team .

In both books , while some are defeated , freedom of the mind remains in some form and will continue for ever .
in both books , while some are defeated , freedom of the mind [stays] in some form and will continue for ever .

However he remains unseen because Sauron can not pierce the shadows he made for his own defence .
however he [stays] unseen because sauron can not pierce the shadows he made for his own defence .

Anna , however , remains mysterious and undefined .
anna , however , [stays] mysterious and undefined .

Celie remains uncomplicated and straight forward but the childish brevity sets the right tone of gratuitous violence for Celie 's early vision of the world .
celie [stays] uncomplicated and straight forward but the childish brevity sets the right tone of gratuitous violence for celie 's early vision of the world .

Pip falls instantly in love with her and remains this way for quite some time .
pip falls instantly in love with her and [stays] this way for quite some time .

He is a very religious figure , who is innocent and imaginative , he always remains calm and collective .
he is a very religious figure , who is innocent and imaginative , he always [stays] calm and collective .

‘ You think he took that way ? What , cast the poor remains into the Severn when he took them from the grave ? ’
‘ you think he took that way ? what , cast the poor [stays] into the severn when he took them from the grave ? ’

For the time being , it remains true that most studies require some form of typing activity ( key punching ) in the preparation of data for the computer .
for the time being , it [stays] true that most studies require some form of typing activity ( key punching ) in the preparation of data for the computer .

In the area of graphical methods as well as in other areas of the interface between computing science and statistics , a great deal of exciting research work remains to be done .
in the area of graphical methods as well as in other areas of the interface between computing science and statistics , a great deal of exciting research work [stays] to be done .

The quality of even the latest software is not above reproach and much remains to be done to ensure that the computer is the servant rather than the master of its users .
the quality of even the latest software is not above reproach and much [stays] to be done to ensure that the computer is the servant rather than the master of its users .

Conditional sale — the price of the product is paid by instalments , but the product remains in the ownership of the seller for a pre-set period of time , often until the last instalment has been paid .
conditional sale — the price of the product is paid by instalments , but the product [stays] in the ownership of the seller for a pre-set period of time , often until the last instalment has been paid .

Despite the growing assimilation by management of the new ‘ rules of the game ’ , however , the distance between government objectives and enterprise behaviour remains .
despite the growing assimilation by management of the new ‘ rules of the game ’ , however , the distance between government objectives and enterprise behaviour [stays] .

Since the rate of profit is the percentage return on capital employed , a constant profit share maintains a constant profit rate only if the ratio of output to capital remains constant .
since the rate of profit is the percentage return on capital employed , a constant profit share maintains a constant profit rate only if the ratio of output to capital [stays] constant .

Thus far , the account remains a statistical description of certain features of the boom .
thus far , the account [stays] a statistical description of certain features of the boom .

Ben showed the boys the mortuary chests containing the remains of Canute and Christopher had shouted : ‘ Get back sea !
ben showed the boys the mortuary chests containing the [stays] of canute and christopher had shouted : ‘ get back sea !

The nurse , somewhere unseen in the night , disposed of the bloodied remains , also unseen .
the nurse , somewhere unseen in the night , disposed of the bloodied [stays] , also unseen .

He whistled ‘ Roll Out the Barrel ’ out of tune as he pushed the few remains left over from the day towards the setting sun .
he whistled ‘ roll out the barrel ’ out of tune as he pushed the few [stays] left over from the day towards the setting sun .

But you see you can say it 's the big brother and all this rubbish , but the fact remains that we three are paying the poll tax and he is not .
but you see you can say it 's the big brother and all this rubbish , but the fact [stays] that we three are paying the poll tax and he is not .

Because ok , yeah stuff remains anonymous
because ok , yeah stuff [stays] anonymous

And it was works like these , where the kitchen table was strewn with the un-washed remains of breakfast , that helped to give the movement its name .
and it was works like these , where the kitchen table was strewn with the un-washed [stays] of breakfast , that helped to give the movement its name .

Next door to him Sigmar Polke works in ink , wash and lacquer to provide an untidily wrapped brown paper parcel with a profusion of Ben Day dots and the cut-out metal remains of a Max Ernst frottage .
next door to him sigmar polke works in ink , wash and lacquer to provide an untidily wrapped brown paper parcel with a profusion of ben day dots and the cut-out metal [stays] of a max ernst frottage .

Guided walk , Kilton Castle Remains , meet outside Green Tree pub , Brotton , 2pm .
guided walk , kilton castle [stays] , meet outside green tree pub , brotton , 2pm .

Guided walk , Skelton Park Pit , visit the extensive remains of an important Cleveland ironstone mine not usually accessible to the public , meet outside The Duke William pub , 2pm .
guided walk , skelton park pit , visit the extensive [stays] of an important cleveland ironstone mine not usually accessible to the public , meet outside the duke william pub , 2pm .

‘ But it wo n't be imposed on anybody because the patient 's view remains paramount . ’
‘ but it wo n't be imposed on anybody because the patient 's view [stays] paramount . ’

But it remains the case that the current rate of increase in unemployment is considerably lower than that experienced in the early part of last year .
but it [stays] the case that the current rate of increase in unemployment is considerably lower than that experienced in the early part of last year .

However , uncollected poll tax remains a problem for the town hall .
however , uncollected poll tax [stays] a problem for the town hall .

More than £1.2m of the controversial tax remains outstanding from its first year , 1990–912.7% of the total .
more than £1.2m of the controversial tax [stays] outstanding from its first year , 1990–912.7% of the total .

Another £1.4m remains uncollected from 1991–924.7% of the total .
another £1.4m [stays] uncollected from 1991–924.7% of the total .

The Liverpool boss has told Dons ' chairman Sam Hammam that he Centre-back Scales remains Souness ' priority , the Reds boss having snapped up Nottingham Forest midfielder Nigel Clough .
the liverpool boss has told dons ' chairman sam hammam that he centre-back scales [stays] souness ' priority , the reds boss having snapped up nottingham forest midfielder nigel clough .

Prost 's victory lifted him to 47 points at the head of the drivers ' championship while Brazilian Ayrton Senna , the McLaren driver who was forced to retire after running second until the closing laps , remains second in the title race with 42 points .
prost 's victory lifted him to 47 points at the head of the drivers ' championship while brazilian ayrton senna , the mclaren driver who was forced to retire after running second until the closing laps , [stays] second in the title race with 42 points .

Most batsmen would agree , though , that Foster remains a class act even if 12 first-class wickets this season have cost 49 runs each .
most batsmen would agree , though , that foster [stays] a class act even if 12 first-class wickets this season have cost 49 runs each .

Although Bill Nickson 's five-second margin in 1976 remains the closest between first and second riders , the top 10 at the end of a race , which covered 1,154 miles in two weeks , have never been so closely packed .
although bill nickson 's five-second margin in 1976 [stays] the closest between first and second riders , the top 10 at the end of a race , which covered 1,154 miles in two weeks , have never been so closely packed .

The timing of any recovery in the economy remains hard to predict .
the timing of any recovery in the economy [stays] hard to predict .

Volex chairman Bill Goodall said : ‘ The economic environment remains generally unfavourable to manufacturing industries and the year will not be an easy one in which to operate .
volex chairman bill goodall said : ‘ the economic environment [stays] generally unfavourable to manufacturing industries and the year will not be an easy one in which to operate .

With investments such as the £40m on the construction of our new manufacturing technology centre , our commitment to the area remains as strong as ever .
with investments such as the £40m on the construction of our new manufacturing technology centre , our commitment to the area [stays] as strong as ever .

Home ownership is high and while unemployment remains a factor , new developments have transformed parts of Stockton .
home ownership is high and while unemployment [stays] a factor , new developments have transformed parts of stockton .

Catherine , 19 , of Britannia Court , St Hilda 's , Middlesbrough , is making slow progress but remains critically ill in hospital since the crash on March 15 .
catherine , 19 , of britannia court , st hilda 's , middlesbrough , is making slow progress but [stays] critically ill in hospital since the crash on march 15 .

But the fact remains that for the last 13 years we have been governed by a party rejected by nearly 60pc of voters .
but the fact [stays] that for the last 13 years we have been governed by a party rejected by nearly 60pc of voters .

Mrs Wilson , of Perth , Scotland , remains convinced of her sister 's innocence .
mrs wilson , of perth , scotland , [stays] convinced of her sister 's innocence .

The tail section is all that remains of two Vampire aircraft owned by Colin Appleyard , managing director of Appleyards Bodyshop .
the tail section is all that [stays] of two vampire aircraft owned by colin appleyard , managing director of appleyards bodyshop .

Later , she became a nun and abbess of Gwytherin , where , in 1698 , the historian Edward Llhuyd claimed to have discovered the remains of her shrine .
later , she became a nun and abbess of gwytherin , where , in 1698 , the historian edward llhuyd claimed to have discovered the [stays] of her shrine .

Liverpool would want at least £500,000 for his services , and it remains to be seen whether Cup winners Haifa would be able to afford such a fee , plus the player 's pay demands .
liverpool would want at least £500,000 for his services , and it [stays] to be seen whether cup winners haifa would be able to afford such a fee , plus the player 's pay demands .

As Ron Morris acknowledges , the basic premise behind the aims of Roseberry and SkillBuilding is hardly revolutionary , but it remains an idea rarely turned into the bricks and mortar of practical success .
as ron morris acknowledges , the basic premise behind the aims of roseberry and skillbuilding is hardly revolutionary , but it [stays] an idea rarely turned into the bricks and mortar of practical success .

What effect such opposition could have remains doubtful now that the Halls , through Cameron Hall Developments , have a controlling interest in the club .
what effect such opposition could have [stays] doubtful now that the halls , through cameron hall developments , have a controlling interest in the club .

It also remains to be seen what the Halls can do to reduce the club 's debts of £6.5m .
it also [stays] to be seen what the halls can do to reduce the club 's debts of £6.5m .

The North-East remains , for the time being at least , an outpost on the top class English football map .
the north-east [stays] , for the time being at least , an outpost on the top class english football map .

For Kevin Howley , the highlight remains the 1960 Cup Final Wolves 3 Blackburn 0 despite controversy over one of the goals and an injury to Whelan , the Rovers full back .
for kevin howley , the highlight [stays] the 1960 cup final wolves 3 blackburn 0 despite controversy over one of the goals and an injury to whelan , the rovers full back .

His 141 at The Oval during which his finger was broken by South African paceman Rudi Bryson remains his side 's only century of the season .
his 141 at the oval during which his finger was broken by south african paceman rudi bryson [stays] his side 's only century of the season .

Brannen came from behind to snatch a World Student Games bronze medal at the same track last July and remains confident of overhauling Kruger , a training partner as well as chief rival , who amassed 4,012 points in the first five events .
brannen came from behind to snatch a world student games bronze medal at the same track last july and [stays] confident of overhauling kruger , a training partner as well as chief rival , who amassed 4,012 points in the first five events .

Sale Harrier Kevin McKay , runner-up to Frenchman Pascal Thiebaut , also missed out and , with Peter Elliott injured and Matthew Yates ill , the battle for metric mile places remains wide open .
sale harrier kevin mckay , runner-up to frenchman pascal thiebaut , also missed out and , with peter elliott injured and matthew yates ill , the battle for metric mile places [stays] wide open .

It said : ‘ The cricket club 's stance with regard to the sale of the ground remains unchanged but they understand the aspirations of the rugby club and the strategy for the future of rugby that has been proposed .
it said : ‘ the cricket club 's stance with regard to the sale of the ground [stays] unchanged but they understand the aspirations of the rugby club and the strategy for the future of rugby that has been proposed .

It remains true that sport is really all about competing well rather than winning , but when defeat becomes too common , particularly in activities in which we think we should excel , the moment may have come to do something drastic .
it [stays] true that sport is really all about competing well rather than winning , but when defeat becomes too common , particularly in activities in which we think we should excel , the moment may have come to do something drastic .

He remains a non-executive director of the north London club he has played for and managed and in a statement last night said he would proceed with his petition to buy out Mr Sugar ‘ unless advised by my lawyers not to do so . ’
he [stays] a non-executive director of the north london club he has played for and managed and in a statement last night said he would proceed with his petition to buy out mr sugar ‘ unless advised by my lawyers not to do so . ’

Their delegates may look the same as in the beard and sandal days of the Liberals , but in reality the party is now well organised and riding high in the polls but their true identity remains a mystery .
their delegates may look the same as in the beard and sandal days of the liberals , but in reality the party is now well organised and riding high in the polls but their true identity [stays] a mystery .

Chancellor insists low inflation remains top priority
chancellor insists low inflation [stays] top priority

The ex-soldier has been praised by police for his bravery.This he denies saying he was more angry than courageous.Today he remains as tough as ever , defiant in the face of thuggery .
the ex-soldier has been praised by police for his bravery.this he denies saying he was more angry than courageous.today he [stays] as tough as ever , defiant in the face of thuggery .

Despite high fences and danger warning signs , children managed to get into the remains of Lyppard Grange at Warndon in Worcester and use it as an adventure playground .
despite high fences and danger warning signs , children managed to get into the [stays] of lyppard grange at warndon in worcester and use it as an adventure playground .

Meanwhile , Central 's forecaster says it remains a wet out look .
meanwhile , central 's forecaster says it [stays] a wet out look .

The remains were later taken to the Gloucestershire Royal Hospital for a full post mortem .
the [stays] were later taken to the gloucestershire royal hospital for a full post mortem .

But still Ms Stone has the world at her feet and her reputation remains , if untarnished is n't quite the right word , intact — the uncrowned ‘ Hottest thing in Hollywood ’ .
but still ms stone has the world at her feet and her reputation [stays] , if untarnished is n't quite the right word , intact — the uncrowned ‘ hottest thing in hollywood ’ .

The next day police raided the caravan fsite near Oxford and recovered a shot gun cartridge from the remains of a fire , as well as £410 in cash , fround hidden in a cupboard under a pile of towells .
the next day police raided the caravan fsite near oxford and recovered a shot gun cartridge from the [stays] of a fire , as well as £410 in cash , fround hidden in a cupboard under a pile of towells .

Eighteen people have been charged , but the haul remains unidentified .
eighteen people have been charged , but the haul [stays] unidentified .

There 's still much about meningitis which remains a mystery — why , for instance , cases of the disease come not in isolation but in localised clusters .
there 's still much about meningitis which [stays] a mystery — why , for instance , cases of the disease come not in isolation but in localised clusters .

The rammed remains of a stolen metro car .
the rammed [stays] of a stolen metro car .

The county council says for the moment New Barns remains closed .
the county council says for the moment new barns [stays] closed .

These are the crumpled remains of a car which ploughed through a hedge and into the side of a house in Reddings Road in Cheltenham .
these are the crumpled [stays] of a car which ploughed through a hedge and into the side of a house in reddings road in cheltenham .

Just a few days before he was due to start the second year of his course , his body was discovered by fire crews in the remains of a barn fire .
just a few days before he was due to start the second year of his course , his body was discovered by fire crews in the [stays] of a barn fire .

There remained , however , the boarded up remains of the Melvin Hotel , which had stood derelict and unwanted since the day it was bombed in 1972 .
there remained , however , the boarded up [stays] of the melvin hotel , which had stood derelict and unwanted since the day it was bombed in 1972 .

Even now , with the numbers of unemployed having fallen by 2. per cent in the first six months of 1993 , and signs of recovery in the housing market , it remains as much in demand .
even now , with the numbers of unemployed having fallen by 2. per cent in the first six months of 1993 , and signs of recovery in the housing market , it [stays] as much in demand .

Manchester has strong support , including that of Prime Minister John Major , but Sydney , Australia , remains favourite to be given the 2000 Games .
manchester has strong support , including that of prime minister john major , but sydney , australia , [stays] favourite to be given the 2000 games .

International Laura Brown remains available before heading off to university .
international laura brown [stays] available before heading off to university .

How many people will sit through all four episodes remains to be seen .
how many people will sit through all four episodes [stays] to be seen .

Police hunt finds remains
police hunt finds [stays]

Jersey police hunting for the bodies of a couple believed murdered six years ago have found what appear to be human remains after their son , Roderick Newall , helped with the search .
jersey police hunting for the bodies of a couple believed murdered six years ago have found what appear to be human [stays] after their son , roderick newall , helped with the search .

The man 's body was discovered among the remains of a burnt out cottage .
the man 's body was discovered among the [stays] of a burnt out cottage .

The man 's body was discovered among the remains of a burnt out cottage .
the man 's body was discovered among the [stays] of a burnt out cottage .

All that remains from those days is the outline of the road which led to the hangers .
all that [stays] from those days is the outline of the road which led to the hangers .

Three men and a woman are being questioned by police in connection with the murder of a car dealer whose remains were found in a lake .
three men and a woman are being questioned by police in connection with the murder of a car dealer whose [stays] were found in a lake .

It 's previous incinerator was old and inefficient , not only belching out smoke but also the half burnt remains of used surgical dressings , and even patients confidential notes , which rained down on nearby gardens .
it 's previous incinerator was old and inefficient , not only belching out smoke but also the half burnt [stays] of used surgical dressings , and even patients confidential notes , which rained down on nearby gardens .

Of the thousands of headstones in Roselawn cemetery Brian 's remains the only one which does not carry the date of his death — it is not known .
of the thousands of headstones in roselawn cemetery brian 's [stays] the only one which does not carry the date of his death — it is not known .

What happened to Brian when he left home that day remains a mystery .
what happened to brian when he left home that day [stays] a mystery .

In the week that followed before the mutilated remains of his body were found Joan lost two stone in weight .
in the week that followed before the mutilated [stays] of his body were found joan lost two stone in weight .

Local priest Fr Dermot Britton said he understood the remains of an altar had been found but he did not think it necessary to talk to his congregation about the issue of Black Magic .
local priest fr dermot britton said he understood the [stays] of an altar had been found but he did not think it necessary to talk to his congregation about the issue of black magic .

When that failed his remains were stuffed into a sack and dumped in the Lagan .
when that failed his [stays] were stuffed into a sack and dumped in the lagan .

‘ Since then various investigative leads have been pursued and , to this day , the file remains open .
‘ since then various investigative leads have been pursued and , to this day , the file [stays] open .

Despite his high sporting profile he remains an unassuming , almost diffident character , a stark contrast with some of his more vociferous colleagues .
despite his high sporting profile he [stays] an unassuming , almost diffident character , a stark contrast with some of his more vociferous colleagues .

It just remains for us to thank you for your support in ninety-two and to wish you a very Happy New Year .
it just [stays] for us to thank you for your support in ninety-two and to wish you a very happy new year .

The full scale of destruction remains unclear .
the full scale of destruction [stays] unclear .

This facial reconstruction is used by police when they 're trying to identify human remains .
this facial reconstruction is used by police when they 're trying to identify human [stays] .

He 's looking for the remains of a rucksack which caught fire on a shelf in the shop .
he 's looking for the [stays] of a rucksack which caught fire on a shelf in the shop .

But when one of the squad emerged from the shop with the remains of the rucksack , and told police that he was unhappy about the cause of the fire , a full scale evacuation of the city centre was started in case it proved to be an incendiary device and in case others had been planted .
but when one of the squad emerged from the shop with the [stays] of the rucksack , and told police that he was unhappy about the cause of the fire , a full scale evacuation of the city centre was started in case it proved to be an incendiary device and in case others had been planted .

The remains of a letterbomb which blew up in the hands of farmer Colin French .
the [stays] of a letterbomb which blew up in the hands of farmer colin french .

Twenty per cent of the crop is still in the ground and growers are having difficulty digging it out in the wet conditions … so it remains to be seen if the present glut will last .
twenty per cent of the crop is still in the ground and growers are having difficulty digging it out in the wet conditions … so it [stays] to be seen if the present glut will last .

Manchester has strong support , including that of Prime Minister John Major , but Sydney , Australia , remains favourite to be given the 2000 Games .
manchester has strong support , including that of prime minister john major , but sydney , australia , [stays] favourite to be given the 2000 games .

The situation for tenants remains the same with many facing bills up to double last year 's rates demand .
the situation for tenants [stays] the same with many facing bills up to double last year 's rates demand .

In terms of illicit drug use , cannabis remains the most er available drug and the most used drug , but having said that it does n't present us with problems to the service .
in terms of illicit drug use , cannabis [stays] the most er available drug and the most used drug , but having said that it does n't present us with problems to the service .

The song may have changed , but the smell remains the same .
the song may have changed , but the smell [stays] the same .

the City Council 's remains as efficient as possible , and erm most all the posts that we have at present , we believe are necessary , but we do continue to monitor them and see whether it is necessary to continue to employ all the people that we are employing at the moment .
the city council 's [stays] as efficient as possible , and erm most all the posts that we have at present , we believe are necessary , but we do continue to monitor them and see whether it is necessary to continue to employ all the people that we are employing at the moment .

But one section remains , jutting above ground by the wall .
but one section [stays] , jutting above ground by the wall .

Corporation tax remains unchanged at thirty five percent .
corporation tax [stays] unchanged at thirty five percent .

So it remains to be seen whether we may have such a network , or perhaps even assuming that nearly all the cheap oil runs out , whether we might in fact manufacture petrol artificially from wood , coal , or gas , simply to provide the excellent fuel with its wonderful storage characteristics for long distance transport .
so it [stays] to be seen whether we may have such a network , or perhaps even assuming that nearly all the cheap oil runs out , whether we might in fact manufacture petrol artificially from wood , coal , or gas , simply to provide the excellent fuel with its wonderful storage characteristics for long distance transport .

We review our package each year to ensure that it remains in line with the best in the industry .
we review our package each year to ensure that it [stays] in line with the best in the industry .

Now Cranston had seen decapitated heads , be they of murdered taverner or some lord executed on Tower Hill , but this was truly gruesome ; it was not so much the half-closed eyes and still blood-dripping neck but the mouth forced open and , thrust inside , the mangled remains of the dead merchant 's genitals .
now cranston had seen decapitated heads , be they of murdered taverner or some lord executed on tower hill , but this was truly gruesome ; it was not so much the half-closed eyes and still blood-dripping neck but the mouth forced open and , thrust inside , the mangled [stays] of the dead merchant 's genitals .

with non-alveolar consonant preceding ‘ couple ’ ‘ trouble ’ ‘ struggle ’ ‘ knuckle Such words usually lose their final letter ‘ e ’ when a suffix beginning with a vowel is attached , but the usually remains syllabic . Thus :
with non-alveolar consonant preceding ‘ couple ’ ‘ trouble ’ ‘ struggle ’ ‘ knuckle such words usually lose their final letter ‘ e ’ when a suffix beginning with a vowel is attached , but the usually [stays] syllabic . thus :

Although many experimental studies have been carried out since then , this remains the clearest and best-known work .
although many experimental studies have been carried out since then , this [stays] the clearest and best-known work .

The stress remains on the stem , not the affix , but is shifted to a different syllable ( e.g. ‘ magnet ’ , ‘ magnetic ’ ) .
the stress [stays] on the stem , not the affix , but is shifted to a different syllable ( e.g. ‘ magnet ’ , ‘ magnetic ’ ) .

Both the above principles are useful guides , but one regularly finds , in analysing natural speech , cases where it remains difficult or impossible to make a clear decision ; the principles may well also be factually correct , but it should be emphasised that at present there is no conclusive evidence from instrumental study in the laboratory that they are .
both the above principles are useful guides , but one regularly finds , in analysing natural speech , cases where it [stays] difficult or impossible to make a clear decision ; the principles may well also be factually correct , but it should be emphasised that at present there is no conclusive evidence from instrumental study in the laboratory that they are .

As cost was the most important consideration of port users when determining port of call and as labour costs typically account for 60 to 70 per cent of operating costs , employers have sought both to reduce the size of their workforces and improve the utilisation of the labour that remains .
as cost was the most important consideration of port users when determining port of call and as labour costs typically account for 60 to 70 per cent of operating costs , employers have sought both to reduce the size of their workforces and improve the utilisation of the labour that [stays] .

Supervised by a task force headed by project manager , the building is going ahead while the rest of the chemicals plant remains operational .
supervised by a task force headed by project manager , the building is going ahead while the rest of the chemicals plant [stays] operational .

remains general manager of Cromadex in France and Germany , and will work closely with to develop the general industrial business on the continent .
[stays] general manager of cromadex in france and germany , and will work closely with to develop the general industrial business on the continent .

As a way of coping with the pain the couple have moved house , but each room remains a shrine to their youngest son .
as a way of coping with the pain the couple have moved house , but each room [stays] a shrine to their youngest son .

This will put Liverpool council outside the deadline and an appeal to Government for a February extension remains unanswered .
this will put liverpool council outside the deadline and an appeal to government for a february extension [stays] unanswered .

Despite all the problems and uncertainties , Francis remains confident .
despite all the problems and uncertainties , francis [stays] confident .

Still the threat of embarrassment or even blackmail remains .
still the threat of embarrassment or even blackmail [stays] .

The crushed remains of the Ford Cortina
the crushed [stays] of the ford cortina

The resilient 11-times champion jockey remains under intensive care in a Miami hospital , recovering from a fractured collar-bone and two broken ribs sustained in a terrible mid-race fall on Saturday .
the resilient 11-times champion jockey [stays] under intensive care in a miami hospital , recovering from a fractured collar-bone and two broken ribs sustained in a terrible mid-race fall on saturday .

Mr Patten remains convinced that most secondary schools will opt out within four years but is worried by the success of local campaigns against the switch .
mr patten [stays] convinced that most secondary schools will opt out within four years but is worried by the success of local campaigns against the switch .

It was and remains a unique operation in military history .
it was and [stays] a unique operation in military history .

One puzzle remains .
one puzzle [stays] .

One unit now remains on the estate , where tenants include the Post Office and Securicor .
one unit now [stays] on the estate , where tenants include the post office and securicor .

The Halifax said : ‘ Any recovery in the housing market remains dependent on recovery in the economy generally and particularly on some easing of the rate of growth of unemployment .
the halifax said : ‘ any recovery in the housing market [stays] dependent on recovery in the economy generally and particularly on some easing of the rate of growth of unemployment .

And a question remains : would a more perceptive , persuasive statesman have captured Saddam Hussein to answer the war crimes charges he still faces ?
and a question [stays] : would a more perceptive , persuasive statesman have captured saddam hussein to answer the war crimes charges he still faces ?

At home , the Americans still guzzle gas , and much else , at a horrifying rate while the economy remains lopsided .
at home , the americans still guzzle gas , and much else , at a horrifying rate while the economy [stays] lopsided .

Drowning riddle remains unsolved
drowning riddle [stays] unsolved

They then hacked off his legs before dumping the remains in the grounds of a nearby hospital .
they then hacked off his legs before dumping the [stays] in the grounds of a nearby hospital .

Whether this transpires remains to be seen .
whether this transpires [stays] to be seen .

Apart from the problem of elderly or disabled people having to walk around parked cars into the middle of the road to even attempt signalling a bus , there remains the difficulty of boarding a bus away from the raised pavement .
apart from the problem of elderly or disabled people having to walk around parked cars into the middle of the road to even attempt signalling a bus , there [stays] the difficulty of boarding a bus away from the raised pavement .

With all that history of service and success behind him , Austin remains as sharp and on the ball as ever , having only stopped swimming himself some three years ago .
with all that history of service and success behind him , austin [stays] as sharp and on the ball as ever , having only stopped swimming himself some three years ago .

Vauxhall bosses admit that the threat of short-time working at Ellesmere Port still remains a possibility .
vauxhall bosses admit that the threat of short-time working at ellesmere port still [stays] a possibility .

Note that in this case if the Bank of England uses open-market operations to reduce the money supply , the official intention may be frustrated as long as the banks ' cash reserves ratio remains above the desired level .
note that in this case if the bank of england uses open-market operations to reduce the money supply , the official intention may be frustrated as long as the banks ' cash reserves ratio [stays] above the desired level .

The demand for personal loans and agricultural credit remains largely unsatisfied .
the demand for personal loans and agricultural credit [stays] largely unsatisfied .

In 1970 the world Health Organisation established a ‘ tolerable weekly intake ’ of mercury and , although reviewed a number of times , this remains the same .
in 1970 the world health organisation established a ‘ tolerable weekly intake ’ of mercury and , although reviewed a number of times , this [stays] the same .

On the face of it , the competition remains intense — and so it is where a product meets a similar one head on .
on the face of it , the competition [stays] intense — and so it is where a product meets a similar one head on .

Some ensure that manufacturing technology remains up to date , while others are concerned with new products .
some ensure that manufacturing technology [stays] up to date , while others are concerned with new products .

Whether or not Felcey 's hopes for growth from new applications of new grades of acrylic plastics are fully realized remains to be seen .
whether or not felcey 's hopes for growth from new applications of new grades of acrylic plastics are fully realized [stays] to be seen .

Europe remains the key market , taking 80 per cent of production , with the United States , Korea and North Africa sharing the remainder .
europe [stays] the key market , taking 80 per cent of production , with the united states , korea and north africa sharing the remainder .

Novaceta is working hard at achieving better consistency to ensure the market share remains secure against established American competitors and potential rivals from the former Soviet Union .
novaceta is working hard at achieving better consistency to ensure the market share [stays] secure against established american competitors and potential rivals from the former soviet union .

He also becomes chief executive of Courtaulds Aerospace North America , succeeding , who has relinquished the post for health reasons but remains associated with Aerospace as deputy chairman .
he also becomes chief executive of courtaulds aerospace north america , succeeding , who has relinquished the post for health reasons but [stays] associated with aerospace as deputy chairman .

value will only be displayed by the type of system under discussion , even for a sinusoidal input waveform , as long as the amplitude of the input remains sufficiently large in relationship to the forward potential drop across the diodes .
value will only be displayed by the type of system under discussion , even for a sinusoidal input waveform , as long as the amplitude of the input [stays] sufficiently large in relationship to the forward potential drop across the diodes .

When m = 0.6 , the input resistance remains close to for frequencies up to 85 % of the critical frequency .
when m = 0.6 , the input resistance [stays] close to for frequencies up to 85 % of the critical frequency .

The law remains silent on major professional imperatives such as empowering people who experience oppression , and the resource requirements of meeting identified need .
the law [stays] silent on major professional imperatives such as empowering people who experience oppression , and the resource requirements of meeting identified need .

Usually it will be attempted after the selling process is well under way , and the salesperson judges that only one objection remains .
usually it will be attempted after the selling process is well under way , and the salesperson judges that only one objection [stays] .

He remains convinced that it is imperative to work hard on his swing .
he [stays] convinced that it is imperative to work hard on his swing .

All Tri-Plates are highly collectable these days , but as Hawaiian star Sol Hoopii 's famous guitar remains undiscovered and blues-player Tampa Red 's legendary gold-plated model remains just that — a legend — the ultimate collector 's Tri-Plates must be the presentation models the company made for certain employees .
all tri-plates are highly collectable these days , but as hawaiian star sol hoopii 's famous guitar [stays] undiscovered and blues-player tampa red 's legendary gold-plated model [stays] just that — a legend — the ultimate collector 's tri-plates must be the presentation models the company made for certain employees .

Around the twelfth fret , too , the action remains easy .
around the twelfth fret , too , the action [stays] easy .

Thus , if the start of your recording contains only hiss , the gate remains shut , but as soon as the wanted sound starts , the gate opens .
thus , if the start of your recording contains only hiss , the gate [stays] shut , but as soon as the wanted sound starts , the gate opens .

But the richly spotted leaves of the pulmonaria have expanded gracefully to make a dense ground cover which hides most of the remains of the daffodils .
but the richly spotted leaves of the pulmonaria have expanded gracefully to make a dense ground cover which hides most of the [stays] of the daffodils .

As long as the hole remains clear of debris , if a pipe should split , air leaking into the system through the hole should limit any mess and prevent an accident from turning into a catastrophe .
as long as the hole [stays] clear of debris , if a pipe should split , air leaking into the system through the hole should limit any mess and prevent an accident from turning into a catastrophe .

Bass frets take a fair old hammering and , as David mentioned in the guitar review , we ca n't accurately gauge their potential life , so that side of it remains to be seen .
bass frets take a fair old hammering and , as david mentioned in the guitar review , we ca n't accurately gauge their potential life , so that side of it [stays] to be seen .

No setting up is required . All that remains is to wish you good listening !
no setting up is required . all that [stays] is to wish you good listening !

The region where the new solar system is to be formed is fortified by the particulate remains of the supernova , now charged with cosmic and X-rays , and other energy waves .
the region where the new solar system is to be formed is fortified by the particulate [stays] of the supernova , now charged with cosmic and x-rays , and other energy waves .

Fossil remains of giant frogs that were coterminous with the labyrinthodonts have been found in the Spanish Tertiary .
fossil [stays] of giant frogs that were coterminous with the labyrinthodonts have been found in the spanish tertiary .

It was in 1989 that Gordon Bell Jr , of the University of Texas in Austin , noticed that around half of the fifty giant aquatic lizards known as mosasaurs showed the remains of healed gashes in their jaws and skulls .
it was in 1989 that gordon bell jr , of the university of texas in austin , noticed that around half of the fifty giant aquatic lizards known as mosasaurs showed the [stays] of healed gashes in their jaws and skulls .

This theory is supported by the mummified remains of a duckbill which revealed conifer needles , twigs , seeds and fruit of other land plants .
this theory is supported by the mummified [stays] of a duckbill which revealed conifer needles , twigs , seeds and fruit of other land plants .

‘ Cold-blooded ’ means that the core temperature remains close to the ambient temperature ‘ as it rises and falls ’ .
‘ cold-blooded ’ means that the core temperature [stays] close to the ambient temperature ‘ as it rises and falls ’ .

Scientists excavating the fossilized remains of about twenty nests containing from 1 to 24 eggs each , in southern Alberta near the border between Canada and the United States in 1987 , suggest that dinosaurs were more socially complex than was first thought .
scientists excavating the fossilized [stays] of about twenty nests containing from 1 to 24 eggs each , in southern alberta near the border between canada and the united states in 1987 , suggest that dinosaurs were more socially complex than was first thought .

But physical control is of no value without mental control , for whoever lusts in thought remains permanently unsatiated .
but physical control is of no value without mental control , for whoever lusts in thought [stays] permanently unsatiated .

For all his seeming rebellion against middle-class values , he remains essentially middle-class .
for all his seeming rebellion against middle-class values , he [stays] essentially middle-class .

Neither Grosbard 's direction nor Gardner 's script is able to come into focus and , as a result , Dustin 's character remains blurred .
neither grosbard 's direction nor gardner 's script is able to come into focus and , as a result , dustin 's character [stays] blurred .

Goldman worked on the script from October 1971 to April 1972 , submitting three drafts , but all that remains of his contribution to the film is the last line , ‘ Hey , you bastards .
goldman worked on the script from october 1971 to april 1972 , submitting three drafts , but all that [stays] of his contribution to the film is the last line , ‘ hey , you bastards .

Much remains to be learned of their activities , but what is certain is that they had converts in high places — notably Edward Wood ( of whom more anon ) , Leo Amery , and Lord Hailey of African Survey fame and immense Colonial Office influence — and that through their publication of a journal widely respected for its seriousness they kept before the eyes of the political establishment the idea of a new kind of empire .
much [stays] to be learned of their activities , but what is certain is that they had converts in high places — notably edward wood ( of whom more anon ) , leo amery , and lord hailey of african survey fame and immense colonial office influence — and that through their publication of a journal widely respected for its seriousness they kept before the eyes of the political establishment the idea of a new kind of empire .

By what unconscious intelligence he also acquired an understanding of British moral pride , and how to set up his own against it , remains a mystery .
by what unconscious intelligence he also acquired an understanding of british moral pride , and how to set up his own against it , [stays] a mystery .

Undeniably , though , the space allowed for lesbians and gays to represent themselves remains very small .
undeniably , though , the space allowed for lesbians and gays to represent themselves [stays] very small .

Lesbian definitions of ‘ beauty ’ differ slightly from heterosexual ones , but the pressure to be thin remains .
lesbian definitions of ‘ beauty ’ differ slightly from heterosexual ones , but the pressure to be thin [stays] .

It gets bruised but the fruit remains .
it gets bruised but the fruit [stays] .

They may well claim that such commitments would result in bankruptcy , but if that were the case ( and it seems unlikely ) , the case for a lesbian and gay politics that addresses problems in our social structures remains a strong one .
they may well claim that such commitments would result in bankruptcy , but if that were the case ( and it seems unlikely ) , the case for a lesbian and gay politics that addresses problems in our social structures [stays] a strong one .

Independent lesbian and gay self-organization remains central to any wider project that we become involved in .
independent lesbian and gay self-organization [stays] central to any wider project that we become involved in .

British law in this area is roughly based on the liberal precept that immorality may only be tolerated so long as it remains a wholly private matter .
british law in this area is roughly based on the liberal precept that immorality may only be tolerated so long as it [stays] a wholly private matter .

It remains the case in this country that safer-sex adverts which use pornographic imagery are largely produced by gay organisations and are confined to the gay press .
it [stays] the case in this country that safer-sex adverts which use pornographic imagery are largely produced by gay organisations and are confined to the gay press .

Once in the park , Joyce 's mother had stopped to talk to another young woman while Joyce herself sat watching some birds pecking at the remains of a sandwich that someone had dropped on the path .
once in the park , joyce 's mother had stopped to talk to another young woman while joyce herself sat watching some birds pecking at the [stays] of a sandwich that someone had dropped on the path .

The partner of the speechreader will take special care that the conversation remains ‘ one-to-one ’ and not three people talking together , which leaves the speechreader on a solitary island .
the partner of the speechreader will take special care that the conversation [stays] ‘ one-to-one ’ and not three people talking together , which leaves the speechreader on a solitary island .

An alert , calm state of mind which remains unruffled may already be one of your assets .
an alert , calm state of mind which [stays] unruffled may already be one of your assets .

It still remains true that one needs to be very strong-minded to continue without at least some encouragement from other people .
it still [stays] true that one needs to be very strong-minded to continue without at least some encouragement from other people .

He 's the local expert on prehistoric remains in Lower Trumpington — he 's started a dig — he might include you if you 're lucky .
he 's the local expert on prehistoric [stays] in lower trumpington — he 's started a dig — he might include you if you 're lucky .

In the wild it can grow to 25cm/10″ but remains smaller in the aquarium .
in the wild it can grow to 25cm/10″ but [stays] smaller in the aquarium .

It remains smaller in the aquarium .
it [stays] smaller in the aquarium .

Although the past few months have seen quite a number of problems for European unity , one area that remains firmly fixed is the demolition of trade barriers in 1993 .
although the past few months have seen quite a number of problems for european unity , one area that [stays] firmly fixed is the demolition of trade barriers in 1993 .

Unfortunately , this remains a complex and expensive method which is beyond the scope of a reasonably simple do-it-yourself project .
unfortunately , this [stays] a complex and expensive method which is beyond the scope of a reasonably simple do-it-yourself project .

So , even if the car is parked at an angle where the mercury switch is continuously closed , the timer will be allowed to operate providing the vehicle remains stationary .
so , even if the car is parked at an angle where the mercury switch is continuously closed , the timer will be allowed to operate providing the vehicle [stays] stationary .

The terminal voltage of a battery usually remains reasonably constant during its normal discharge period but then falls dramatically at the end of its working life .
the terminal voltage of a battery usually [stays] reasonably constant during its normal discharge period but then falls dramatically at the end of its working life .

Hence the output voltage , within the design limits , remains constant over a wide range of current and input voltage variations .
hence the output voltage , within the design limits , [stays] constant over a wide range of current and input voltage variations .

This remains a good way of doing things , and must be the most pain-free way of building up a stock of components .
this [stays] a good way of doing things , and must be the most pain-free way of building up a stock of components .

With a digital signal , it is very difficult for distortion to occur since so long as a 1 remains a 1 and 0 remains a 0 the signal will continue to carry all the information and the data stream will be as pure at the end as it was at the beginning .
with a digital signal , it is very difficult for distortion to occur since so long as a 1 [stays] a 1 and 0 [stays] a 0 the signal will continue to carry all the information and the data stream will be as pure at the end as it was at the beginning .

This simple canister squirts a harmless gas into the bottle , so it remains drinkable for up to four weeks and it lasts for over 100 applications .
this simple canister squirts a harmless gas into the bottle , so it [stays] drinkable for up to four weeks and it lasts for over 100 applications .

However , it 's the work at Christmas that remains in the public perception .
however , it 's the work at christmas that [stays] in the public perception .

While the shop supplies all of the local wholefood stores and hotels , it remains very much a family concern .
while the shop supplies all of the local wholefood stores and hotels , it [stays] very much a family concern .

What remains the same is Rickenbacker 's liking for parallel neck depth , and this one measures more or less ″ from the first fret to the 17th .
what [stays] the same is rickenbacker 's liking for parallel neck depth , and this one measures more or less ″ from the first fret to the 17th .

All the same , it remains a business shrouded in misconceptions .
all the same , it [stays] a business shrouded in misconceptions .

The one thing that remains within your control is to take your business elsewhere ; if the tills stop ringing in the shops responsible , maybe things will change …
the one thing that [stays] within your control is to take your business elsewhere ; if the tills stop ringing in the shops responsible , maybe things will change …

The cenotaph provides a fitting frontispiece to the chapel and here the memorial garden , cared for by members of the Keyingham Royal British Legion , now houses the remains of the ancient village cross , moved from its site a few yards away where it would have caused an obstruction to modern traffic flow .
the cenotaph provides a fitting frontispiece to the chapel and here the memorial garden , cared for by members of the keyingham royal british legion , now houses the [stays] of the ancient village cross , moved from its site a few yards away where it would have caused an obstruction to modern traffic flow .

There are today houses with the remains of ingenious devices for channelling away the water .
there are today houses with the [stays] of ingenious devices for channelling away the water .

Modern building work has revealed Iron Age remains , old almshouses and a Quaker burial ground .
modern building work has revealed iron age [stays] , old almshouses and a quaker burial ground .

The Percys subsequently appear as lords of Leconfield , who built an 84 roomed castle west of Main Street , the old and original part of Leconfield , surrounded by a wide and deep moat , the remains of which are still to be seen .
the percys subsequently appear as lords of leconfield , who built an 84 roomed castle west of main street , the old and original part of leconfield , surrounded by a wide and deep moat , the [stays] of which are still to be seen .

The main restoration of the Norman stone-built church was done in 1893 and remains much the same to this day except for modernisation of lighting and heating , addition of carpets , kneelers etc .
the main restoration of the norman stone-built church was done in 1893 and [stays] much the same to this day except for modernisation of lighting and heating , addition of carpets , kneelers etc .

The original church was Norman and cruciform , and though little of it remains , some interesting detailing of the period is reflected in the north transept , the nave and aisles .
the original church was norman and cruciform , and though little of it [stays] , some interesting detailing of the period is reflected in the north transept , the nave and aisles .

However , it was found only necessary for repairs to be made and the spire remains in place as a valuable landmark for passing shipping .
however , it was found only necessary for repairs to be made and the spire [stays] in place as a valuable landmark for passing shipping .

Prehistoric tools and pottery , and the remains of a Roman villa , have been found .
prehistoric tools and pottery , and the [stays] of a roman villa , have been found .

Between 1937 and 1963 , the Wright brothers discovered the well-preserved remains of three oak-planked boats embedded in mud and clay at the water 's edge .
between 1937 and 1963 , the wright brothers discovered the well-preserved [stays] of three oak-planked boats embedded in mud and clay at the water 's edge .

The church , uniquely dedicated to St Elgin , was largely renovated in the 19th century , although a Norman font remains and also the remains of a 10th century Viking cross of unusual detail , found in the churchyard .
the church , uniquely dedicated to st elgin , was largely renovated in the 19th century , although a norman font [stays] and also the [stays] of a 10th century viking cross of unusual detail , found in the churchyard .

Also , the fish and chip shop remains .
also , the fish and chip shop [stays] .

The village also had two corn mills during the 1800s , although no remains can be seen today .
the village also had two corn mills during the 1800s , although no [stays] can be seen today .

At least one brick-built open well remains , where these steam ploughing machines drew their water .
at least one brick-built open well [stays] , where these steam ploughing machines drew their water .

It has been the site of a number of archaeological explorations in recent years which have yielded valuable information about earlier settlements , with discoveries of bronze spears , remains of chariots , and graves of several warriors .
it has been the site of a number of archaeological explorations in recent years which have yielded valuable information about earlier settlements , with discoveries of bronze spears , [stays] of chariots , and graves of several warriors .

Still to be seen are the remains of two windmills , the Old Mill and the New Mill .
still to be seen are the [stays] of two windmills , the old mill and the new mill .

Little physical evidence of the village 's long history remains .
little physical evidence of the village 's long history [stays] .

One chapel still remains , and the village is well served with a modern school , a public house , the Board inn , a post office/ grocer 's , hairdresser 's , grocery shop/cafe , pet shop and craft shops .
one chapel still [stays] , and the village is well served with a modern school , a public house , the board inn , a post office/ grocer 's , hairdresser 's , grocery shop/cafe , pet shop and craft shops .

The priory church of St Lawrence at Snaith is a Saxon foundation , though very little of the Saxon church remains .
the priory church of st lawrence at snaith is a saxon foundation , though very little of the saxon church [stays] .

In the churchyard stands the remains of the old village cross , also the graves of Joseph Rank and his wife ( of the Rank Organisation family ) .
in the churchyard stands the [stays] of the old village cross , also the graves of joseph rank and his wife ( of the rank organisation family ) .

In fact Sunk Island is a kind of water-logged ‘ phoenix ’ thrown up by the rides of the Humber , resting on the submerged remains of low-lying medieval farmlands overflown by a series of great storms combined with exceptionally high tides that engulfed the area in 1399 , the site of a number of drowned villages .
in fact sunk island is a kind of water-logged ‘ phoenix ’ thrown up by the rides of the humber , resting on the submerged [stays] of low-lying medieval farmlands overflown by a series of great storms combined with exceptionally high tides that engulfed the area in 1399 , the site of a number of drowned villages .

Across the river the remains of a salmon leap can be seen .
across the river the [stays] of a salmon leap can be seen .

Remains of the chancel are said to be of the 12th century , and the tower was rebuilt in the 15th century and has three bells .
[stays] of the chancel are said to be of the 12th century , and the tower was rebuilt in the 15th century and has three bells .

It remains almost unknown among rural Africans and is uncommon in most rural communities in Asia .
it [stays] almost unknown among rural africans and is uncommon in most rural communities in asia .

The pH remains between 7 and 7.5 and the water is moderately hard .
the ph [stays] between 7 and 7.5 and the water is moderately hard .

In the wild the male remains with the nest , protecting from all intruders except other females which he will attempt to entice in to spawn with .
in the wild the male [stays] with the nest , protecting from all intruders except other females which he will attempt to entice in to spawn with .

While the organism remains filled with the life force , it can counter the disintegration and decay to which the non-living world is subject .
while the organism [stays] filled with the life force , it can counter the disintegration and decay to which the non-living world is subject .

We are learning more and more about the body 's complex system of integrated metabolic pathways — for instance , the recent discovery of the prostaglandin system — but much , much more remains to be discovered .
we are learning more and more about the body 's complex system of integrated metabolic pathways — for instance , the recent discovery of the prostaglandin system — but much , much more [stays] to be discovered .

It 's this thought that remains uppermost in the mind of coach Ian Birtwell as he looks back on those sixteen memorable days in October when Canada came charging so boldly from the ranks of the ‘ possibles ’ to achieve quarter-final status .
it 's this thought that [stays] uppermost in the mind of coach ian birtwell as he looks back on those sixteen memorable days in october when canada came charging so boldly from the ranks of the ‘ possibles ’ to achieve quarter-final status .

It might be objected that even though some criminal laws are in the interests of the dominant class and that others which are obviously not in these interests are ineffectively enforced , thus making them dead-letter laws , it still remains true that laws proscribing those types of victimizing behaviours of which we are all too aware and which set the nerve-ends of neo-classical/conservative criminologists , such as Wilson ( 1975 ) and Morgan ( 1978 ) tingling with fear and loathing , are in all our interests .
it might be objected that even though some criminal laws are in the interests of the dominant class and that others which are obviously not in these interests are ineffectively enforced , thus making them dead-letter laws , it still [stays] true that laws proscribing those types of victimizing behaviours of which we are all too aware and which set the nerve-ends of neo-classical/conservative criminologists , such as wilson ( 1975 ) and morgan ( 1978 ) tingling with fear and loathing , are in all our interests .

Consequently , whilst corporate crime can not be understood without grasping the fact that it stems from contradictions between a corporation 's goal ( s ) and its environment , that understanding remains one-sided if individuals are left out of the analysis .
consequently , whilst corporate crime can not be understood without grasping the fact that it stems from contradictions between a corporation 's goal ( s ) and its environment , that understanding [stays] one-sided if individuals are left out of the analysis .

Manson was , and remains to this day , America 's number one bogeyman and is regularly pilloried and looked on in fascination by a world that still ca n't believe such things happened .
manson was , and [stays] to this day , america 's number one bogeyman and is regularly pilloried and looked on in fascination by a world that still ca n't believe such things happened .

Unfortunately , the gloom remains resolutely unlifted by the music .
unfortunately , the gloom [stays] resolutely unlifted by the music .

Contrary to speculation , the house has not been lent out to a public exhibition since 1925 , but remains where it was designed to stand , the only completely untouched Lutyens house in existence , a permanent record of a way of life between the wars .
contrary to speculation , the house has not been lent out to a public exhibition since 1925 , but [stays] where it was designed to stand , the only completely untouched lutyens house in existence , a permanent record of a way of life between the wars .

Every particle of evidence remains under lock and key .
every particle of evidence [stays] under lock and key .

And match referee Deryck Murray remains baffled as to why his report has been tucked away in some International Cricket Council file .
and match referee deryck murray [stays] baffled as to why his report has been tucked away in some international cricket council file .

Souness remains one of the most respected managers in football .
souness [stays] one of the most respected managers in football .

So the luxury home in New England remains empty — until he winds up on a one night stand with vivacious manipulator Gwen , ( Goldie Hawn ) .
so the luxury home in new england [stays] empty — until he winds up on a one night stand with vivacious manipulator gwen , ( goldie hawn ) .

Scientists believe remains dug up in a Siberian forest could be those of the last Russian Tsar and his family who were butchered by rebel guards after the 1917 communist revolution .
scientists believe [stays] dug up in a siberian forest could be those of the last russian tsar and his family who were butchered by rebel guards after the 1917 communist revolution .

The tests at Aldermaston Forensic Laboratory , near Reading , Berks , will be like those used to identify the remains of Nazi death camp butcher Josef Mengele last year .
the tests at aldermaston forensic laboratory , near reading , berks , will be like those used to identify the [stays] of nazi death camp butcher josef mengele last year .

‘ Among them were rich aristocrats who would have had the same fine dental work with gold fillings seen in these so-called remains of the Imperial family .
‘ among them were rich aristocrats who would have had the same fine dental work with gold fillings seen in these so-called [stays] of the imperial family .

Active euthanasia , where intent to kill can be shown , still remains strictly illegal , whatever the wishes of the patient , and that is the cause of the fiercest debate .
active euthanasia , where intent to kill can be shown , still [stays] strictly illegal , whatever the wishes of the patient , and that is the cause of the fiercest debate .

Still the fact remains that few women in television are seen as suitable to handle the major political interviews ; to chair important political debates or even be awarded the senior presenter 's job on News programmes — whatever the channel .
still the fact [stays] that few women in television are seen as suitable to handle the major political interviews ; to chair important political debates or even be awarded the senior presenter 's job on news programmes — whatever the channel .

The problem , alas , remains the same as it always was .
the problem , alas , [stays] the same as it always was .

If your expectations or primary motivation in doing a particular job is to be upwardly mobile , it is unlikely that you are going to want to get involved in a job which remains at the bedside .
if your expectations or primary motivation in doing a particular job is to be upwardly mobile , it is unlikely that you are going to want to get involved in a job which [stays] at the bedside .

And nearby are the remains of a deserted medieval village .
and nearby are the [stays] of a deserted medieval village .

‘ This property still remains an exceptionally important part of our natural heritage , but its future is unresolved ’ says the Trust .
‘ this property still [stays] an exceptionally important part of our natural heritage , but its future is unresolved ’ says the trust .

Mildew is destructive to cotton whereas nylon looks stained and smells a bit but the fabric remains intact .
mildew is destructive to cotton whereas nylon looks stained and smells a bit but the fabric [stays] intact .

Cockfield Fell managed to escape the 18th Century Enclosure Acts and remains a valuable area of common land .
cockfield fell managed to escape the 18th century enclosure acts and [stays] a valuable area of common land .

Then follow the line of telegraph poles to the remains of an old railway bridge .
then follow the line of telegraph poles to the [stays] of an old railway bridge .

Cornwall Trail to New Stone Age burial remains at Zennor Quoit
cornwall trail to new stone age burial [stays] at zennor quoit

Ambiguity remains because most word positions give rise to a number of alternative candidate words .
ambiguity [stays] because most word positions give rise to a number of alternative candidate words .

For recognition systems which use electronic paper ( tablet and display combined ) there remains a user-interface problem of exactly when the display of script should be removed for the recognised text to appear .
for recognition systems which use electronic paper ( tablet and display combined ) there [stays] a user-interface problem of exactly when the display of script should be removed for the recognised text to appear .

Even if the higher probability strings are included in the computation , as opposed to just the highest , there remains a built in possibility of error .
even if the higher probability strings are included in the computation , as opposed to just the highest , there [stays] a built in possibility of error .

Example 4 still remains a problem , but it may be that books could be suggested as more likely than boots from semantic co-occurrence information , or from frequency of use from a corpus ( books is five times more likely to occur than boots ) , especially if weighted from a count of occurrence in the script recognised so far .
example 4 still [stays] a problem , but it may be that books could be suggested as more likely than boots from semantic co-occurrence information , or from frequency of use from a corpus ( books is five times more likely to occur than boots ) , especially if weighted from a count of occurrence in the script recognised so far .

Whether his descendant has the same staying power remains to be seen .
whether his descendant has the same staying power [stays] to be seen .

And as hundreds of people queued to gaze at their remains the Daily Mirror won high-level backing for a plea that decency must take over .
and as hundreds of people queued to gaze at their [stays] the daily mirror won high-level backing for a plea that decency must take over .

The remains of a few victims were taken to a makeshift mortuary in a hangar at Schiphol .
the [stays] of a few victims were taken to a makeshift mortuary in a hangar at schiphol .

You can return to Morvah across country , stopping off to see Chun Quoit , the remains of a Neolithic tomb .
you can return to morvah across country , stopping off to see chun quoit , the [stays] of a neolithic tomb .

After passing over the top of Red Crag — an ill-defined top marked with a small cairn of stones to the left of the fence — bear to the left through the remains of a wooden gate towards a much lower peak intriguingly called Pikeawassa .
after passing over the top of red crag — an ill-defined top marked with a small cairn of stones to the left of the fence — bear to the left through the [stays] of a wooden gate towards a much lower peak intriguingly called pikeawassa .

But when you speak to him it quickly becomes clear that his passion for climbing and adventure remains as strong as ever .
but when you speak to him it quickly becomes clear that his passion for climbing and adventure [stays] as strong as ever .

The remains are all that is left of a monastery which was founded early in the 11th century .
the [stays] are all that is left of a monastery which was founded early in the 11th century .

Further on at Aberllong bay you can see the remains of three tugs wrecked in 1986 on a journey from Liverpool .
further on at aberllong bay you can see the [stays] of three tugs wrecked in 1986 on a journey from liverpool .

But excitement turned to horror when the trail led to a woman 's remains in a shallow grave .
but excitement turned to horror when the trail led to a woman 's [stays] in a shallow grave .

And the Bank admitted the outlook remains ‘ very uncertain . ’
and the bank admitted the outlook [stays] ‘ very uncertain . ’

Brilliant bio-chemist Jeff Thorp went out with a bang as the rockets exploded at 300ft , scattering his cremated remains in a shower of silver , green and red stars .
brilliant bio-chemist jeff thorp went out with a bang as the rockets exploded at 300ft , scattering his cremated [stays] in a shower of silver , green and red stars .

He decided the best way was to divide his remains into 28 smaller launches .
he decided the best way was to divide his [stays] into 28 smaller launches .

Meanwhile , the unit remains closed and all children 's heart operations have been halted .
meanwhile , the unit [stays] closed and all children 's heart operations have been halted .

Scores more were seriously injured as the blast scattered human remains across stalls in one of Bosnia 's worst atrocities .
scores more were seriously injured as the blast scattered human [stays] across stalls in one of bosnia 's worst atrocities .

Quite how this will work out remains to be seen .
quite how this will work out [stays] to be seen .

By the end of each track , so many fleeting emotions and ideas have slithered past , only a sparse recollection of what just went before remains .
by the end of each track , so many fleeting emotions and ideas have slithered past , only a sparse recollection of what just went before [stays] .

To this day it remains a secret , protected by Tennessee 's privacy rules for 50 years .
to this day it [stays] a secret , protected by tennessee 's privacy rules for 50 years .

Under his leadership , the heavyweight investigative team was to produce reports which were a cross between the old Sunday Times Insight team and the occasional ‘ Shock Issues ’ which are all that remains of the old Mirror .
under his leadership , the heavyweight investigative team was to produce reports which were a cross between the old sunday times insight team and the occasional ‘ shock issues ’ which are all that [stays] of the old mirror .

But whatever criticisms might be directed at the Japanese judgment , it remains important as the one case in which a court has ruled on the legality of actual use of nuclear weapons .
but whatever criticisms might be directed at the japanese judgment , it [stays] important as the one case in which a court has ruled on the legality of actual use of nuclear weapons .

Notwithstanding the possible ground for distinguishing between the two cases , therefore , there remains a fundamental doubt as to just how much policy innovation can reasonably be expected from the British judiciary especially in such a politically sensitive area as defence policy .
notwithstanding the possible ground for distinguishing between the two cases , therefore , there [stays] a fundamental doubt as to just how much policy innovation can reasonably be expected from the british judiciary especially in such a politically sensitive area as defence policy .

The remains of her whiteface make-up came off with the clotted badges of blood .
the [stays] of her whiteface make-up came off with the clotted badges of blood .

She picked it up and draped it over Miss Liberty 's still-smoking remains .
she picked it up and draped it over miss liberty 's still-smoking [stays] .

The sinking last week of the GenTech exploratory submersible Yukio Mishima remains a source of controversy .
the sinking last week of the gentech exploratory submersible yukio mishima [stays] a source of controversy .

Jessamyn looked down at the smoking remains .
jessamyn looked down at the smoking [stays] .

This traditional classification nevertheless remains a convenient way of approaching the task of describing the United Kingdom constitution .
this traditional classification nevertheless [stays] a convenient way of approaching the task of describing the united kingdom constitution .

The Crown remains the supreme executive authority , although not the sole one .
the crown [stays] the supreme executive authority , although not the sole one .

Whilst controversy may continue to rage over the most desirable structure for local government and as to the measure of control which central government should exercise over it , the case for having some such structure as the present as a part of the make-up of the constitution remains an imperative both of history and of modern democratic ideals .
whilst controversy may continue to rage over the most desirable structure for local government and as to the measure of control which central government should exercise over it , the case for having some such structure as the present as a part of the make-up of the constitution [stays] an imperative both of history and of modern democratic ideals .

The legal power to summon and dissolve parliaments , then , was and remains a ‘ prerogative ’ power of the monarch , i.e .
the legal power to summon and dissolve parliaments , then , was and [stays] a ‘ prerogative ’ power of the monarch , i.e .

Its personnel are already identified by reason of their peerages which are held , subject to disclaimer , at least for life ) , and all that remains is to summon them .
its personnel are already identified by reason of their peerages which are held , subject to disclaimer , at least for life ) , and all that [stays] is to summon them .

For the time being , and probably for the foreseeable future , the rather vague criterion remains that of ‘ episcopal ordination ’ , vague because that procedure is not peculiar to the Anglican Church .
for the time being , and probably for the foreseeable future , the rather vague criterion [stays] that of ‘ episcopal ordination ’ , vague because that procedure is not peculiar to the anglican church .

Whilst it would be an exaggeration to say that the part played by remains true that it is only in an exceptional case that a Government Bill fails to pass into law in substantially the form in which it entered Parliament .
whilst it would be an exaggeration to say that the part played by [stays] true that it is only in an exceptional case that a government bill fails to pass into law in substantially the form in which it entered parliament .

It remains , under our constitution , the right of every citizen to petition Parliament for the redress of grievances and one function of Parliament , therefore , is to receive such petitions .
it [stays] , under our constitution , the right of every citizen to petition parliament for the redress of grievances and one function of parliament , therefore , is to receive such petitions .

The most powerful potential weapon in Parliament 's hands remains its control over clauses enabling regulations to be made in the first place .
the most powerful potential weapon in parliament 's hands [stays] its control over clauses enabling regulations to be made in the first place .

This remains very largely the case so far as written questions are concerned .
this [stays] very largely the case so far as written questions are concerned .

It remains an important part of the equation to anticipate the government 's spending needs for a period ahead , customarily a year .
it [stays] an important part of the equation to anticipate the government 's spending needs for a period ahead , customarily a year .

The matter has not fallen for consideration since , and the Hansard litigation remains the source for the existing modus vivendi as between the courts and Parliament .
the matter has not fallen for consideration since , and the hansard litigation [stays] the source for the existing modus vivendi as between the courts and parliament .

It nevertheless remains the view today that the Parliament of the United Kingdom can make and unmake any law whatever and can not be controlled in seeking to do so .
it nevertheless [stays] the view today that the parliament of the united kingdom can make and unmake any law whatever and can not be controlled in seeking to do so .

There remains strong sentiment in Northern Ireland for the retention of union , as in Scotland for the preservation of the Scottish Church and Court of Session .
there [stays] strong sentiment in northern ireland for the retention of union , as in scotland for the preservation of the scottish church and court of session .

… it is doubtless true that the power of the imperial Parliament to pass on its own initiative any legislation that it thought fit extending to Canada remains unimpaired .
… it is doubtless true that the power of the imperial parliament to pass on its own initiative any legislation that it thought fit extending to canada [stays] unimpaired .

The same section further provides that ‘ … any enactment passed or to be passed … shall be construed and have effect subject to the foregoing … ’ and since the doctrine of supremacy of Community law is arguably a part of Community law this provision appears to have the effect , so long as it remains law , of establishing the primacy of Community law , ( s.2 ( 4 ) ) .
the same section further provides that ‘ … any enactment passed or to be passed … shall be construed and have effect subject to the foregoing … ’ and since the doctrine of supremacy of community law is arguably a part of community law this provision appears to have the effect , so long as it [stays] law , of establishing the primacy of community law , ( s.2 ( 4 ) ) .

The position nevertheless remains that the possibility exists of parliamentary legislation inconsistent with the 1972 Act being preferred by an English court under the doctrine of implied repeal and , even if this possibility were removed , there would always remain the possibility of an express repeal , for notwithstanding this impressive accumulation of law and practice there is no shortage of political figures who insist that the sovereignty of the Parliament of the United Kingdom stands unimpaired , and plenty who are pledged to use that power to extract the United Kingdom from the coils of Europe in which they see it as enmeshed .
the position nevertheless [stays] that the possibility exists of parliamentary legislation inconsistent with the 1972 act being preferred by an english court under the doctrine of implied repeal and , even if this possibility were removed , there would always remain the possibility of an express repeal , for notwithstanding this impressive accumulation of law and practice there is no shortage of political figures who insist that the sovereignty of the parliament of the united kingdom stands unimpaired , and plenty who are pledged to use that power to extract the united kingdom from the coils of europe in which they see it as enmeshed .

There remains room for development .
there [stays] room for development .

‘ The Crown ’ , in the popular sense of the monarch , remains the formal head of the government .
‘ the crown ’ , in the popular sense of the monarch , [stays] the formal head of the government .

The disqualification of persons holding particular offices of profit under the Crown from membership of Parliament remains , as stated in Chapter 5 above , ( see pp.79–80 ) .
the disqualification of persons holding particular offices of profit under the crown from membership of parliament [stays] , as stated in chapter 5 above , ( see pp.79–80 ) .

It remains the case that for much of our constitutional history the Cabinet and its forerunners were never greatly liked by Parliament which was at times bitterly hostile to it and tried to stamp it out .
it [stays] the case that for much of our constitutional history the cabinet and its forerunners were never greatly liked by parliament which was at times bitterly hostile to it and tried to stamp it out .

It also remains the case that the Cabinet , as an institution , does not rest on parliamentary authority but rather on practice developed over the centuries .
it also [stays] the case that the cabinet , as an institution , does not rest on parliamentary authority but rather on practice developed over the centuries .

When the breed became man 's worst enemy ( and the tabloids ' best friend ) about three years ago , Gillian 's kennel joined forces with the Northern Rottweiler Club , but her site remains primarily a boarding kennel .
when the breed became man 's worst enemy ( and the tabloids ' best friend ) about three years ago , gillian 's kennel joined forces with the northern rottweiler club , but her site [stays] primarily a boarding kennel .

‘ Every pupil at Kidminster Green is cared for by a personal tutor who remains with the tutor group throughout the pupil 's school career .
‘ every pupil at kidminster green is cared for by a personal tutor who [stays] with the tutor group throughout the pupil 's school career .

Even where deep affection remains unaltered , the gap between them often becomes a chasm as years go by .
even where deep affection [stays] unaltered , the gap between them often becomes a chasm as years go by .

The French domestic market remains to this day far and away the largest consumer of Champagne .
the french domestic market [stays] to this day far and away the largest consumer of champagne .

Topsoil , which eventually becomes man-made when constantly cultivated , is of primary importance : some eighty per cent of the vine 's root system , including most of the feeding network , remains in the upper sector of soil .
topsoil , which eventually becomes man-made when constantly cultivated , is of primary importance : some eighty per cent of the vine 's root system , including most of the feeding network , [stays] in the upper sector of soil .

Bollinger own just such a patch of phylloxera-free vines in Aÿ ; whereas its high walls might well repel a small army , it remains a mystery why the little bug has not simply walked in under the gate .
bollinger own just such a patch of phylloxera-free vines in aÿ ; whereas its high walls might well repel a small army , it [stays] a mystery why the little bug has not simply walked in under the gate .

In the end she ate the remains of yesterday 's mutton pie with small beer to swill it down and an orange to follow that was so juicy rivulets ran down her chin into the worn neck frill of the landlord 's wife 's cast-off blouse .
in the end she ate the [stays] of yesterday 's mutton pie with small beer to swill it down and an orange to follow that was so juicy rivulets ran down her chin into the worn neck frill of the landlord 's wife 's cast-off blouse .

remains obscure ,
[stays] obscure ,

If this murder remains unsolved , who knows what might happen next ?
if this murder [stays] unsolved , who knows what might happen next ?

Having said that , the main task up to 200 remains a gathering task .
having said that , the main task up to 200 [stays] a gathering task .

Where the door remains shut , this kind of openness to God in worship can remain incomprehensible and even irritating .
where the door [stays] shut , this kind of openness to god in worship can remain incomprehensible and even irritating .

Jesus said : ‘ Unless an ear of wheat falls to the ground and dies , it remains only a single seed .
jesus said : ‘ unless an ear of wheat falls to the ground and dies , it [stays] only a single seed .

He was aware of the room 's clutter , the central wooden table still covered with the remains of their midday meal , an assortment of plates smeared with tomato sauce , a half-eaten sausage , a large bottle of orangeade uncapped ; the children 's clothes thrown over the back of a low nursing chair before the fireplace , of the smell of milk and bodies and wood smoke .
he was aware of the room 's clutter , the central wooden table still covered with the [stays] of their midday meal , an assortment of plates smeared with tomato sauce , a half-eaten sausage , a large bottle of orangeade uncapped ; the children 's clothes thrown over the back of a low nursing chair before the fireplace , of the smell of milk and bodies and wood smoke .

Cut halfway through the stem from top to bottom , then rinse well with cold , running water until no grit remains .
cut halfway through the stem from top to bottom , then rinse well with cold , running water until no grit [stays] .

Despite the apparent gains that have been made , the street outside the home remains a source of danger , particularly to children : in the Netherlands two thirds of the fatal accidents to children under six occur within the immediate environment of their home .
despite the apparent gains that have been made , the street outside the home [stays] a source of danger , particularly to children : in the netherlands two thirds of the fatal accidents to children under six occur within the immediate environment of their home .

The profile of the street remains unchanged , but parking takes the form of stretches of right-angle and alongside parking , alternating from one side of the road to the other every 50 metres or so .
the profile of the street [stays] unchanged , but parking takes the form of stretches of right-angle and alongside parking , alternating from one side of the road to the other every 50 metres or so .

He ran towards the remains of the café as everyone else ran away .
he ran towards the [stays] of the café as everyone else ran away .

The majority of the bodies could not be identified from their remains ; a few were confirmed by dental records , or by jewellery and belongings that survived the blast intact .
the majority of the bodies could not be identified from their [stays] ; a few were confirmed by dental records , or by jewellery and belongings that survived the blast intact .

Despite this fact being drawn to the attention of the East Hampshire District Council last year , the rubbish remains on the site and in our view this represents a health hazard to the occupiers of the neighbouring lands .
despite this fact being drawn to the attention of the east hampshire district council last year , the rubbish [stays] on the site and in our view this represents a health hazard to the occupiers of the neighbouring lands .

We are indeed indebted to him for his loyalty to the Guild — today marks the end of two eras — 100 years for the Guild and the end of the Diocesan Episcopate of Bishop Harris — it only remains for me to express on your behalf our very best wishes to his Lordship for a very happy , healthy and long retirement .
we are indeed indebted to him for his loyalty to the guild — today marks the end of two eras — 100 years for the guild and the end of the diocesan episcopate of bishop harris — it only [stays] for me to express on your behalf our very best wishes to his lordship for a very happy , healthy and long retirement .

Worcestershire were next to discover that the demon remains intact , 7 for 29 bringing Sussex consecutive Championship victories for the first time since August 1990 .
worcestershire were next to discover that the demon [stays] intact , 7 for 29 bringing sussex consecutive championship victories for the first time since august 1990 .

But back to Worcestershire , where Moody got two early Championship hundreds in a summer so far restricted for him by shin and ankle-ligament problems : where the worries over Dilley 's Achilles tendon and knee wo n't go away ; where Hick 's form remains enigmatic ; where left-hander Adam Seymour , the Millfield boy who switched from Essex — at appeared an astute and logical career move for him — has so far failed to make an impact on the banks of the Severn .
but back to worcestershire , where moody got two early championship hundreds in a summer so far restricted for him by shin and ankle-ligament problems : where the worries over dilley 's achilles tendon and knee wo n't go away ; where hick 's form [stays] enigmatic ; where left-hander adam seymour , the millfield boy who switched from essex — at appeared an astute and logical career move for him — has so far failed to make an impact on the banks of the severn .

Yet the sense of having missed a once-on-a-lifetime boat remains acute .
yet the sense of having missed a once-on-a-lifetime boat [stays] acute .

Despite a drop of 40 points in his personal rating , Graham Gooch ( 836 ) remains top of the batting list , ahead of Richie Richardson ( 823 ) and Robin Smith ( 784 ) .
despite a drop of 40 points in his personal rating , graham gooch ( 836 ) [stays] top of the batting list , ahead of richie richardson ( 823 ) and robin smith ( 784 ) .

Also , unlike a book , you can not browse through a video in the shop , so its content remains a mystery until after you have purchased it and taken it home .
also , unlike a book , you can not browse through a video in the shop , so its content [stays] a mystery until after you have purchased it and taken it home .

However , it remains an avenue to explore .
however , it [stays] an avenue to explore .

Where subject fragmentation remains strong , where the firm boundaries and pedagogical dissimilarities between different subjects continue to be emphasized ( no emotions in science , no objectivity in art , no hypotheses in history ) , where the subject specialist pattern of teacher training is maintained and strengthened , the chances of creating such flexibility , of developing the necessary degree of transferable pedagogic skills , will not be great .
where subject fragmentation [stays] strong , where the firm boundaries and pedagogical dissimilarities between different subjects continue to be emphasized ( no emotions in science , no objectivity in art , no hypotheses in history ) , where the subject specialist pattern of teacher training is maintained and strengthened , the chances of creating such flexibility , of developing the necessary degree of transferable pedagogic skills , will not be great .

Having said this , the question still remains as to whether such records , particularly where associated with unfamiliar curricular approaches , can successfully challenge the status of external examination certificates in the eyes of the world at large , especially parents and employers .
having said this , the question still [stays] as to whether such records , particularly where associated with unfamiliar curricular approaches , can successfully challenge the status of external examination certificates in the eyes of the world at large , especially parents and employers .

On the positive side , it says that the company 's financial condition remains strong , with about $ 150m of cash and long-term investments at 1992 year end , and $ 112m of debt , and a debt-to-equity ratio that stands at a conservative 13 % .
on the positive side , it says that the company 's financial condition [stays] strong , with about $ 150m of cash and long-term investments at 1992 year end , and $ 112m of debt , and a debt-to-equity ratio that stands at a conservative 13 % .

Sun is still tinkering around with the Cypress Semiconductor Corp Ross Systems HyperSparc chip , having apparently not found a home for it yet : in benchmarks , the part outpaced the SuperSparc but by how much remains a mystery ; of course third parties people could buy the chip from Cypress direct and do their own MBus upgrades for Suns .
sun is still tinkering around with the cypress semiconductor corp ross systems hypersparc chip , having apparently not found a home for it yet : in benchmarks , the part outpaced the supersparc but by how much [stays] a mystery ; of course third parties people could buy the chip from cypress direct and do their own mbus upgrades for suns .

Teenage pregnancy is not a new phenomenon but it remains controversial and attracts disproportionate and misleading media attention .
teenage pregnancy is not a new phenomenon but it [stays] controversial and attracts disproportionate and misleading media attention .

Occasionally the Imperial forces try to clear out the worst of these foes , but the area remains wild and dangerous .
occasionally the imperial forces try to clear out the worst of these foes , but the area [stays] wild and dangerous .

His scrawny body was naked except for a loincloth and the tattered remains of a jerkin .
his scrawny body was naked except for a loincloth and the tattered [stays] of a jerkin .

To this day , Kislev remains a strong friend and ally of the Emperor , and is always willing to send forces to help fight his wars .
to this day , kislev [stays] a strong friend and ally of the emperor , and is always willing to send forces to help fight his wars .

The Shield of Cold is automatically dispelled if the wizard or unit he is with enters hand-to-hand combat , but otherwise remains in play for the remainder of the battle or until it is dispelled .
the shield of cold is automatically dispelled if the wizard or unit he is with enters hand-to-hand combat , but otherwise [stays] in play for the remainder of the battle or until it is dispelled .

There still remains the problem of cause and effect .
there still [stays] the problem of cause and effect .

More sober assessments may well modify this view , but the nature of trade unionism and its part in industrial relations remains central to the analysis .
more sober assessments may well modify this view , but the nature of trade unionism and its part in industrial relations [stays] central to the analysis .

Precise evaluation of the effects of overseas investment nevertheless remains extremely difficult .
precise evaluation of the effects of overseas investment nevertheless [stays] extremely difficult .

Although spontaneous resolution , successful medical treatment , and , recently , laser treatment for balanitis xerotica obliterans have been reported , circumcision remains the mainstay of treatment .
although spontaneous resolution , successful medical treatment , and , recently , laser treatment for balanitis xerotica obliterans have been reported , circumcision [stays] the mainstay of treatment .

Sudden infant death syndrome — the sudden , unexpected , and unexplained death of an apparently healthy baby — remains the single most important cause of death in the United Kingdom of children aged between 1 and 12 months .
sudden infant death syndrome — the sudden , unexpected , and unexplained death of an apparently healthy baby — [stays] the single most important cause of death in the united kingdom of children aged between 1 and 12 months .

The investigating procedure is very naturally divided at an early stage into two aspects — the operational or operating circumstances in which the event occurred , and the examination of the aircraft remains .
the investigating procedure is very naturally divided at an early stage into two aspects — the operational or operating circumstances in which the event occurred , and the examination of the aircraft [stays] .

This investment will increase over the next two years though , Potter said , to maintain growth and ensure that the company remains competitive .
this investment will increase over the next two years though , potter said , to maintain growth and ensure that the company [stays] competitive .

It was the remains of a childish fancy , created by a story he had read , but it returned to him most vividly at this moment .
it was the [stays] of a childish fancy , created by a story he had read , but it returned to him most vividly at this moment .

The Infomatics Resource Centre reserves the right to alter any part of the published programme if this is necessitated by circumstances outside our control : we will use our best efforts to ensure that the programme as altered remains comparable with the published format .
the infomatics resource centre reserves the right to alter any part of the published programme if this is necessitated by circumstances outside our control : we will use our best efforts to ensure that the programme as altered [stays] comparable with the published format .

And your financial investment remains manageable .
and your financial investment [stays] manageable .

‘ Confidence in jobs remains the underlying element that is holding the property market back now , ’ he said .
‘ confidence in jobs [stays] the underlying element that is holding the property market back now , ’ he said .

Philips remains a mysterious character .
philips [stays] a mysterious character .

Another problem that remains unresolved is the generality of the connection between psychosis and creativity .
another problem that [stays] unresolved is the generality of the connection between psychosis and creativity .

Although writing here with a different purpose from our own — and exclusively from a psychodynamic perspective — Anthony nevertheless articulates for us the final theme that remains to be developed in this chapter , which concerns the formal similarities between the mechanisms of mad and creative thought .
although writing here with a different purpose from our own — and exclusively from a psychodynamic perspective — anthony nevertheless articulates for us the final theme that [stays] to be developed in this chapter , which concerns the formal similarities between the mechanisms of mad and creative thought .

The spectrum of human behaviour remains fairly constant throughout the ages .
the spectrum of human behaviour [stays] fairly constant throughout the ages .

Confronted by the figure of the Beggar , Hoccleve at first remains withdrawn in his ‘ seekly distresse ’ ; he refuses to speak to him , then begs him to go away :
confronted by the figure of the beggar , hoccleve at first [stays] withdrawn in his ‘ seekly distresse ’ ; he refuses to speak to him , then begs him to go away :

The length of the arrangement remains a secret although Lyall described it as being ‘ for the foreseeable future .
the length of the arrangement [stays] a secret although lyall described it as being ‘ for the foreseeable future .

There was and there still remains a feeling that some Union members feel as though they have ‘ allowed ’ us to exist autonomously and have special union representation .
there was and there still [stays] a feeling that some union members feel as though they have ‘ allowed ’ us to exist autonomously and have special union representation .

It remains perfectly acceptable for heterosexual women to enjoy the benefits of relaxing in an all-women atmosphere , even kissing and hugging with other women , while dropping Tom , Dick or Harry into conversation as convenient .
it [stays] perfectly acceptable for heterosexual women to enjoy the benefits of relaxing in an all-women atmosphere , even kissing and hugging with other women , while dropping tom , dick or harry into conversation as convenient .

Yet there remains an important element of truth in the observation , ‘ another shall gird thee and carry thee whither thou wouldst not ’ .
yet there [stays] an important element of truth in the observation , ‘ another shall gird thee and carry thee whither thou wouldst not ’ .

It remains to be seen whether we can learn by analogy .
it [stays] to be seen whether we can learn by analogy .

The 1981 census showed that nearly 97 per cent of people of pensionable age were thus accommodated ; while the recent dramatic growth of private residential care may increase the proportion in institutional care , the fact remains that they will remain a minute fraction of the elderly population .
the 1981 census showed that nearly 97 per cent of people of pensionable age were thus accommodated ; while the recent dramatic growth of private residential care may increase the proportion in institutional care , the fact [stays] that they will remain a minute fraction of the elderly population .

It also remains to be seen whether better preretirement and health education programmes will play a part in helping people prepare constructively for old age and to make a realistic appraisal of the matters which are and will be of greater importance to them than sea air .
it also [stays] to be seen whether better preretirement and health education programmes will play a part in helping people prepare constructively for old age and to make a realistic appraisal of the matters which are and will be of greater importance to them than sea air .

However , it remains to be seen whether in their place will arise a significant number of women who have married , divorced and not remarried and to whom society would wish to ascribe similar roles .
however , it [stays] to be seen whether in their place will arise a significant number of women who have married , divorced and not remarried and to whom society would wish to ascribe similar roles .

Gosbecks Archaeological Park will be a conservation area with woodland , heath , meadow and an archaeology display including remains found in that area .
gosbecks archaeological park will be a conservation area with woodland , heath , meadow and an archaeology display including [stays] found in that area .

Many victims are also having to come to terms with the trauma while looking after children and the elderly in overcrowded refugee camps.Whether rape has been singled out by military commanders as a weapon of war remains open to question , but victims ' testimony suggests the abuse is part of a wider pattern of warfare and ‘ ethnic cleansing ’ .
many victims are also having to come to terms with the trauma while looking after children and the elderly in overcrowded refugee camps.whether rape has been singled out by military commanders as a weapon of war [stays] open to question , but victims ' testimony suggests the abuse is part of a wider pattern of warfare and ‘ ethnic cleansing ’ .

In 1786 , when the true age of man was only just beginning to be appreciated , Anglo-Saxon remains were first identified as such .
in 1786 , when the true age of man was only just beginning to be appreciated , anglo-saxon [stays] were first identified as such .

But Faussett failed to appreciate the true significance of his discoveries ; in his journal , kept for the years 1757 to 1773 and later published as Inventorium Sepulchrale under the editorship of Charles Roach Smith in 1856 , the remains were attributed to the period of Roman occupation , while Smith preferred a purely British origin .
but faussett failed to appreciate the true significance of his discoveries ; in his journal , kept for the years 1757 to 1773 and later published as inventorium sepulchrale under the editorship of charles roach smith in 1856 , the [stays] were attributed to the period of roman occupation , while smith preferred a purely british origin .

It was normally assumed that the quantity of differences as measured by some typological evaluation among assemblages ( usually subjective intuition ) is a measure of ethnic affinity between the groups responsible for the archaeological remains .
it was normally assumed that the quantity of differences as measured by some typological evaluation among assemblages ( usually subjective intuition ) is a measure of ethnic affinity between the groups responsible for the archaeological [stays] .

The term ‘ hall ’ includes all the rectangular timber buildings whose only remains are the postholes and beam-slots dug into the subsoil .
the term ‘ hall ’ includes all the rectangular timber buildings whose only [stays] are the postholes and beam-slots dug into the subsoil .

It is notable that in eastern England cremation is the preponderant burial rite and if cremation took place near the settlement it would be more practical to take the remains to a distant cemetery .
it is notable that in eastern england cremation is the preponderant burial rite and if cremation took place near the settlement it would be more practical to take the [stays] to a distant cemetery .

There remains one import which we may consider which is found concentrated in two distinct regions , and which also has exotic origins .
there [stays] one import which we may consider which is found concentrated in two distinct regions , and which also has exotic origins .

It remains one of the basic archaeological assumptions , however , that the two are linked .
it [stays] one of the basic archaeological assumptions , however , that the two are linked .

There can be little doubt that some people in early Anglo-Saxon England were dealing in gold and were concerned about quality and quantity , and it does not matter if the balances were the property of foreign traders because the implication remains that transactions were taking place .
there can be little doubt that some people in early anglo-saxon england were dealing in gold and were concerned about quality and quantity , and it does not matter if the balances were the property of foreign traders because the implication [stays] that transactions were taking place .

The Sutton Hoo lyre was deposited with many other possessions lying around the burial chamber in a ship , which remains one of the best examples of contemporary marine engineering .
the sutton hoo lyre was deposited with many other possessions lying around the burial chamber in a ship , which [stays] one of the best examples of contemporary marine engineering .

Brisbane ( 1981 ) has suggested three modes of production for pottery in early Anglo-Saxon England ; vessels for domestic use were made on settlements ; specialised vessels were made for funerary use , both as a grave-good with inhumation burials and for containing cremated remains ; and a relatively small quantity of imported wares .
brisbane ( 1981 ) has suggested three modes of production for pottery in early anglo-saxon england ; vessels for domestic use were made on settlements ; specialised vessels were made for funerary use , both as a grave-good with inhumation burials and for containing cremated [stays] ; and a relatively small quantity of imported wares .

Very little research has been carried out on domestic wares and it remains far from clear to what extent the domestic and funerary pottery production can be separated .
very little research has been carried out on domestic wares and it [stays] far from clear to what extent the domestic and funerary pottery production can be separated .

The only known or suspected production sites are at Elsham in Lincolnshire comprising concentrations of burnt material and sherds of pottery ( which have not been excavated and which may represent the remains of funeral pyres ) , the excavated kiln ( ? )
the only known or suspected production sites are at elsham in lincolnshire comprising concentrations of burnt material and sherds of pottery ( which have not been excavated and which may represent the [stays] of funeral pyres ) , the excavated kiln ( ? )

It is possible to reconstruct some of the clothing in part through the textile remains in graves , but mostly using the position of dress fasteners such as brooches and buckles ( Cook 1974 ; Bell 1981 ) .
it is possible to reconstruct some of the clothing in part through the textile [stays] in graves , but mostly using the position of dress fasteners such as brooches and buckles ( cook 1974 ; bell 1981 ) .

It remains unclear whether the types of vessel so commonly found in cremation cemeteries were also used domestically ; the evidence of the settlement of West Stow where stamped vessels of a type found in cremation cemeteries were present amongst other rubbish and which may have been made there , is ambiguous .
it [stays] unclear whether the types of vessel so commonly found in cremation cemeteries were also used domestically ; the evidence of the settlement of west stow where stamped vessels of a type found in cremation cemeteries were present amongst other rubbish and which may have been made there , is ambiguous .

Torture and ill-treatment remains prevalent and some detainees have died as an apparent result of ill-treatment .
torture and ill-treatment [stays] prevalent and some detainees have died as an apparent result of ill-treatment .

In mid-1990 , martial law was formally lifted but the security clampdown remains currently in force .
in mid-1990 , martial law was formally lifted but the security clampdown [stays] currently in force .

All they had in the house was six eggs for scrambling and the remains of Ethel 's heart .
all they had in the house was six eggs for scrambling and the [stays] of ethel 's heart .

In the next chapters we shall see that Wordsworth 's political ideas run parallel to and are often interwoven with his philosophical and religious beliefs ; from whichever aspect we view it , the same pattern of development emerges , though which element is providing the motivation remains obscure .
in the next chapters we shall see that wordsworth 's political ideas run parallel to and are often interwoven with his philosophical and religious beliefs ; from whichever aspect we view it , the same pattern of development emerges , though which element is providing the motivation [stays] obscure .

It is these economic stresses which bring about the tragedy of Margaret and her family and lead eventually to the Ruined Cottage , which remains as a symbol of these afflictions .
it is these economic stresses which bring about the tragedy of margaret and her family and lead eventually to the ruined cottage , which [stays] as a symbol of these afflictions .

It is not at first clear what these people had to offer Wordsworth , though he tried to help them . The Soldier in Book iv of The Prelude is an example of Wordsworth performing a Good Samaritan act ; but what impressed Wordsworth and remains with us is the description of the Soldier 's appearance :
it is not at first clear what these people had to offer wordsworth , though he tried to help them . the soldier in book iv of the prelude is an example of wordsworth performing a good samaritan act ; but what impressed wordsworth and [stays] with us is the description of the soldier 's appearance :

Lyrical Ballads nevertheless remains a very strange publication , the full effect of which can only be appreciated by studying a facsimile edition , or one of the reprints of the first edition .
lyrical ballads nevertheless [stays] a very strange publication , the full effect of which can only be appreciated by studying a facsimile edition , or one of the reprints of the first edition .

Nearly all Sir Walter 's monuments of pride have disappeared , but enough remains to commemorate the great event .
nearly all sir walter 's monuments of pride have disappeared , but enough [stays] to commemorate the great event .

The ‘ milder day ’ remains a puzzle which can not be solved from within the poem .
the ‘ milder day ’ [stays] a puzzle which can not be solved from within the poem .

One reason , evident in Europe and also important in the United States , is that for some of the underclass life in the cities , although insecure , ill-rewarded and otherwise primitive , still remains , if tenuously , better than that from which they escaped .
one reason , evident in europe and also important in the united states , is that for some of the underclass life in the cities , although insecure , ill-rewarded and otherwise primitive , still [stays] , if tenuously , better than that from which they escaped .

She and her friend Annie Moberley believed that they had seen Marie Antoinette at the Petit Trianon ; they wrote a best-selling book about it , entitled An Adventure , which remains , even today , the subject of dispute .
she and her friend annie moberley believed that they had seen marie antoinette at the petit trianon ; they wrote a best-selling book about it , entitled an adventure , which [stays] , even today , the subject of dispute .

To the left of him in the mirror he could see the remains of last night 's meal .
to the left of him in the mirror he could see the [stays] of last night 's meal .

The ‘ one-last-pushers ’ of the Labour movement need to be reminded of the electoral mountain that remains to be climbed ( a mountain which , thanks to the Boundary Commission , will be some 20 or so Tory seats higher by the time of the next election ) .
the ‘ one-last-pushers ’ of the labour movement need to be reminded of the electoral mountain that [stays] to be climbed ( a mountain which , thanks to the boundary commission , will be some 20 or so tory seats higher by the time of the next election ) .

Deep down , Gould remains a conservative on constitutional matters , which is why Robin Cook is backing Smith with an easy conscience .
deep down , gould [stays] a conservative on constitutional matters , which is why robin cook is backing smith with an easy conscience .

His meritocratic ‘ decency ’ registers with extraordinary precision exactly that balance between the desire for a more ‘ caring ’ self-image , which led committed Thatcherites , with heavy hearts , to ditch Mrs Thatcher , and that deeply self-interested calculation , which remains her enduring contribution .
his meritocratic ‘ decency ’ registers with extraordinary precision exactly that balance between the desire for a more ‘ caring ’ self-image , which led committed thatcherites , with heavy hearts , to ditch mrs thatcher , and that deeply self-interested calculation , which [stays] her enduring contribution .

That immigration remains a potent moulding force was evident in the outburst of racism in the Tory camp , and in the way that the respective manifestos sought to meet the requests of particular ethnic communities .
that immigration [stays] a potent moulding force was evident in the outburst of racism in the tory camp , and in the way that the respective manifestos sought to meet the requests of particular ethnic communities .

But an historic compromise remains a long way off .
but an historic compromise [stays] a long way off .

There are no stormtroopers in the streets , the water remains more drinkable than in England , the new French government has been greeted with cheers , not jeers , in the French press .
there are no stormtroopers in the streets , the water [stays] more drinkable than in england , the new french government has been greeted with cheers , not jeers , in the french press .

No one is so well-acquainted with these facts as the ex-smoker ; yet the lure remains .
no one is so well-acquainted with these facts as the ex-smoker ; yet the lure [stays] .

Not a trace of nicotine remains in the body after 14 days of non-smoking .
not a trace of nicotine [stays] in the body after 14 days of non-smoking .

If our political economy remains backward , our intellectual economy has leaped ahead .
if our political economy [stays] backward , our intellectual economy has leaped ahead .

What goes on in the bedroom remains strictly off-limits .
what goes on in the bedroom [stays] strictly off-limits .

Far less has altered there , and the unions ' potential power remains considerable .
far less has altered there , and the unions ' potential power [stays] considerable .

This week 's manoeuvres underline again how great the political power of a few key general secretariers remains .
this week 's manoeuvres underline again how great the political power of a few key general secretariers [stays] .

The source remains within , like the Indus River ‘ re-visioned on the banks of the Thames , the Mississippi and the Amazon ’ .
the source [stays] within , like the indus river ‘ re-visioned on the banks of the thames , the mississippi and the amazon ’ .

Under resting conditions the cell membrane will not allow ions to diffuse passively across it , so the potential difference remains .
under resting conditions the cell membrane will not allow ions to diffuse passively across it , so the potential difference [stays] .

On the track or in the sack , Ayrton Senna remains Formula One 's only true winner .
on the track or in the sack , ayrton senna [stays] formula one 's only true winner .

The result is a drama that remains more worthy than absorbing , despite the excellent performances of Michael Byrne as Roberto and Bill Paterson as Gerardo ( is his Irish accent meant to indicate an application to application to events closer to home , or descent from Bernardo O'Higgins ? )
the result is a drama that [stays] more worthy than absorbing , despite the excellent performances of michael byrne as roberto and bill paterson as gerardo ( is his irish accent meant to indicate an application to application to events closer to home , or descent from bernardo o'higgins ? )

Yet , well out of it as she is , Little Liz remains miserable .
yet , well out of it as she is , little liz [stays] miserable .

However , most of us are afraid , or merely ashamed of our Shadow side — so it remains in the dark , and as we shine the light more brightly on our conscious self , the shadows deepen .
however , most of us are afraid , or merely ashamed of our shadow side — so it [stays] in the dark , and as we shine the light more brightly on our conscious self , the shadows deepen .

He lived for his profession , so much so that , instead of limiting himself to examining the remains of bomb-blast victims , he attended the courses and lectures available only to a very few on bomb-making and disarming offered at Fort Halstead .
he lived for his profession , so much so that , instead of limiting himself to examining the [stays] of bomb-blast victims , he attended the courses and lectures available only to a very few on bomb-making and disarming offered at fort halstead .

‘ There remains a suspicion he could have been involved in some way , ’ he said .
‘ there [stays] a suspicion he could have been involved in some way , ’ he said .

The right will also be satisfied that Norman Lamont remains Chancellor .
the right will also be satisfied that norman lamont [stays] chancellor .

The Welsh Office remains wet ; the Scottish Office damp ; and Douglas Hurd has the team of his choice at the Foreign Office .
the welsh office [stays] wet ; the scottish office damp ; and douglas hurd has the team of his choice at the foreign office .

What remains is regret , a persistent idea that they might have been happy in the homeplace , if only they could have survived there .
what [stays] is regret , a persistent idea that they might have been happy in the homeplace , if only they could have survived there .

But the bottom line remains that Labour is not , and can not become , a nationalist party in Scotland or anywhere else .
but the bottom line [stays] that labour is not , and can not become , a nationalist party in scotland or anywhere else .

Even so , while being ahead of his time and younger than his age , the form of theatre he produced remains rooted in the past , owing infinitely more to Victorian and Edwardian styles than to the mainstream of 20th-century modernism .
even so , while being ahead of his time and younger than his age , the form of theatre he produced [stays] rooted in the past , owing infinitely more to victorian and edwardian styles than to the mainstream of 20th-century modernism .

The viewer may be physically absent , but remains psychologically present .
the viewer may be physically absent , but [stays] psychologically present .

Even in the age of Major , much of British politics remains dynastic .
even in the age of major , much of british politics [stays] dynastic .

It may seem uncharitable , even tasteless , to raise the matter ; but the fact remains that the life of a modern head of state is not the leisurely affair it was a century ago .
it may seem uncharitable , even tasteless , to raise the matter ; but the fact [stays] that the life of a modern head of state is not the leisurely affair it was a century ago .

Opinion poll-led policy-making has proven a disaster , yet open policy discussion and theoretical debate remains near non-existent .
opinion poll-led policy-making has proven a disaster , yet open policy discussion and theoretical debate [stays] near non-existent .

In 1947 , de Gaulle ended the purge and salvaged the remains of the administration .
in 1947 , de gaulle ended the purge and salvaged the [stays] of the administration .

It is finding that the phrase ‘ equal opportunity ’ is usually a meaningless compromise ; if the good things of life are really dependent on opportunity — which everyone knows they are not ; would the rich and powerful really be so careless ? — what human agency has the hubris to imagine it can deal out opportunity in a fair or even meritorious fashion ? The catch phrase ‘ equality of opportunity ’ is a delusion , concealing not only the injustice of our social hierarchy but also how much effort is put in by conservative forces to ensure it remains unjust .
it is finding that the phrase ‘ equal opportunity ’ is usually a meaningless compromise ; if the good things of life are really dependent on opportunity — which everyone knows they are not ; would the rich and powerful really be so careless ? — what human agency has the hubris to imagine it can deal out opportunity in a fair or even meritorious fashion ? the catch phrase ‘ equality of opportunity ’ is a delusion , concealing not only the injustice of our social hierarchy but also how much effort is put in by conservative forces to ensure it [stays] unjust .

The issue — over working hours and job security — remains unresolved .
the issue — over working hours and job security — [stays] unresolved .

Spain lived through a period of being isolated from Europe and the rest of the world ; González 's biggest card remains the memory of Franco .
spain lived through a period of being isolated from europe and the rest of the world ; gonzález 's biggest card [stays] the memory of franco .

Industrial remains have been bulldozed and buried under newly laid turf .
industrial [stays] have been bulldozed and buried under newly laid turf .

The wider drawback remains .
the wider drawback [stays] .

In spite of its superb production values , Granta remains a kind of up-market Reader 's Digest .
in spite of its superb production values , granta [stays] a kind of up-market reader 's digest .

How well this will be done , in the midst of a world recession and current difficulties in most countries with high unemployment , remains to be seen .
how well this will be done , in the midst of a world recession and current difficulties in most countries with high unemployment , [stays] to be seen .

Councillor MacDonald remains on the council , outspoken when he sees the need to question the activities of this very singular local authority .
councillor macdonald [stays] on the council , outspoken when he sees the need to question the activities of this very singular local authority .

The public remains sceptical , but those who support the notion of satanic abuse say that social workers must not fall into the trap of believing it does not exist , just because it is difficult to prove .
the public [stays] sceptical , but those who support the notion of satanic abuse say that social workers must not fall into the trap of believing it does not exist , just because it is difficult to prove .

The limitation remains 16,000 bits , so you will be able to store half the number of squares , that is , 180 wide by approximately 44 high .
the limitation [stays] 16,000 bits , so you will be able to store half the number of squares , that is , 180 wide by approximately 44 high .

Forstmann Little , the New York investment firm which has controlled Gulfstream Aerospace since its acquisition from Chrysler in 1990 , has invested a further $ 250 million in the company and repurchased the 31 per cent shareholding held by company founder Allen Paulson , who remains as chairman .
forstmann little , the new york investment firm which has controlled gulfstream aerospace since its acquisition from chrysler in 1990 , has invested a further $ 250 million in the company and repurchased the 31 per cent shareholding held by company founder allen paulson , who [stays] as chairman .

It can not operate to Alderney , where the Trislander remains king — and quite literally a life-line for the island to the outside world .
it can not operate to alderney , where the trislander [stays] king — and quite literally a life-line for the island to the outside world .

Trapped by drought , he was eventually bested by Mot , who ripped the weakened god to pieces with a sharp knife and scattered pieces of his body ‘ with a winnowing fan ’ before scorching and grinding the remains to a powder .
trapped by drought , he was eventually bested by mot , who ripped the weakened god to pieces with a sharp knife and scattered pieces of his body ‘ with a winnowing fan ’ before scorching and grinding the [stays] to a powder .

… his back lengthens to fit any number ; men 's hands stick to his skin and [ when ] he is killed nothing remains but a pool of water .
… his back lengthens to fit any number ; men 's hands stick to his skin and [ when ] he is killed nothing [stays] but a pool of water .

However , the island remains very much a part of Portugal and receives annual funds from the central government .
however , the island [stays] very much a part of portugal and receives annual funds from the central government .

There are plans to enlarge the runway yet again to enable jumbo jets to land , but at present all this remains on the drawing board .
there are plans to enlarge the runway yet again to enable jumbo jets to land , but at present all this [stays] on the drawing board .

This was badly damaged in the 1908 fire , and the small part which remains is now carefully protected in a glass case at the back of the church .
this was badly damaged in the 1908 fire , and the small part which [stays] is now carefully protected in a glass case at the back of the church .

Horacio Bento Gouveia 's writings include romantic novels set in Madeira and , although he died a few years ago now , he remains the best known of Madeiran writers .
horacio bento gouveia 's writings include romantic novels set in madeira and , although he died a few years ago now , he [stays] the best known of madeiran writers .

For all the rhetoric of a ‘ classless ’ society , of enabling people ‘ to rise as far and as fast as they can ’ , to quote John Major 's first speech to the new parliament , the reality remains of a nation in which inherited wealth and privilege , and institutionalised power or authority , matter far more than what individuals make of themselves .
for all the rhetoric of a ‘ classless ’ society , of enabling people ‘ to rise as far and as fast as they can ’ , to quote john major 's first speech to the new parliament , the reality [stays] of a nation in which inherited wealth and privilege , and institutionalised power or authority , matter far more than what individuals make of themselves .

Economic proposals by big-city mayors have the newslife of an earthquake in Chile , but this does n't alter the fact that it remains the only substantive programme .
economic proposals by big-city mayors have the newslife of an earthquake in chile , but this does n't alter the fact that it [stays] the only substantive programme .

Yet war and peace remains , as ever , an issue of beckoning urgency .
yet war and peace [stays] , as ever , an issue of beckoning urgency .

Do n't be fooled by his title : he remains Health Secretary in name only .
do n't be fooled by his title : he [stays] health secretary in name only .

And , by definitively closing the book on the past , the language of socialism also remains trapped in Stalinism 's wreckage .
and , by definitively closing the book on the past , the language of socialism also [stays] trapped in stalinism 's wreckage .

And the option of devaluation remains open .
and the option of devaluation [stays] open .

Her death is inevitable , over eight long years , but she remains vital and amusing and can even joke about it .
her death is inevitable , over eight long years , but she [stays] vital and amusing and can even joke about it .

’ Indeed , but the impression remains stronger than the denial and one is left wondering why they chose 1950 as the cut-off point , if not to put a comfortable distance between ‘ then ’ and ‘ now ’ : the dark ages of the past and present enlightenment , which they rightly insist is illusory .
’ indeed , but the impression [stays] stronger than the denial and one is left wondering why they chose 1950 as the cut-off point , if not to put a comfortable distance between ‘ then ’ and ‘ now ’ : the dark ages of the past and present enlightenment , which they rightly insist is illusory .

It remains unanswered from the patients ' point of view .
it [stays] unanswered from the patients ' point of view .

While the arrow diameter of 5.5mm remains a first choice , since so many long established and successful aerobatic kites have been designed around it , two larger sizes were introduced in the same unidirectional carbon tubing .
while the arrow diameter of 5.5mm [stays] a first choice , since so many long established and successful aerobatic kites have been designed around it , two larger sizes were introduced in the same unidirectional carbon tubing .

Despite the high cost of these kites , due mainly to the involved sail , carbon spar and a fair chunk of distribution costs through the marketing chain , the fact remains that few of them are fully supported by adequate instruction on how to assemble or fly the device .
despite the high cost of these kites , due mainly to the involved sail , carbon spar and a fair chunk of distribution costs through the marketing chain , the fact [stays] that few of them are fully supported by adequate instruction on how to assemble or fly the device .

Whatever the situation , with the ready-to-fly or the home-built sport kite , there still remains a set sequence of assembly , common to almost every type .
whatever the situation , with the ready-to-fly or the home-built sport kite , there still [stays] a set sequence of assembly , common to almost every type .

In all cases , do not alter the position of any fittings on the cross-spars — they should be a very tight fit for the very purpose of staying where set ! All that now remains is to fit the stand-offs and stretchers ( also called whiskers or whiskas in some kites ) which enable the kite to adopt its conical shape , and as described earlier , to Induce ‘ washout ’ or reflex angle at the tips .
in all cases , do not alter the position of any fittings on the cross-spars — they should be a very tight fit for the very purpose of staying where set ! all that now [stays] is to fit the stand-offs and stretchers ( also called whiskers or whiskas in some kites ) which enable the kite to adopt its conical shape , and as described earlier , to induce ‘ washout ’ or reflex angle at the tips .

‘ At Christmas , a fan sent us the remains of their Christmas dinner , ’ recounts Patrick , with a measure of embarrassment , ‘ a potato , some stuffing , and a mince pie . ’
‘ at christmas , a fan sent us the [stays] of their christmas dinner , ’ recounts patrick , with a measure of embarrassment , ‘ a potato , some stuffing , and a mince pie . ’

Even if inflation can be contained , there remains the question of whether a lower rate of economic growth in the Western world can be sustained in view of the demands which it makes on the limited resources of our planet , especially food and minerals .
even if inflation can be contained , there [stays] the question of whether a lower rate of economic growth in the western world can be sustained in view of the demands which it makes on the limited resources of our planet , especially food and minerals .

Even if continued economic growth proved feasible there remains the question of whether it is desirable .
even if continued economic growth proved feasible there [stays] the question of whether it is desirable .

While Engels attempts to meet this point by stating that ‘ the government of persons is replaced by the administration of things ’ the meaning still remains unclear .
while engels attempts to meet this point by stating that ‘ the government of persons is replaced by the administration of things ’ the meaning still [stays] unclear .

First , the internal organisation of euro-communist parties still remains that of democratic centralism .
first , the internal organisation of euro-communist parties still [stays] that of democratic centralism .

If rent remains outstanding for 21 days after the due date , forfeiture proceedings may be brought against a dilatory tenant by a strongwilled landlord .
if rent [stays] outstanding for 21 days after the due date , forfeiture proceedings may be brought against a dilatory tenant by a strongwilled landlord .

For all that it remains an object which can not move itself or save itself from destruction .
for all that it [stays] an object which can not move itself or save itself from destruction .

The right side remains right even if it has no ultimate hope at all .
the right side [stays] right even if it has no ultimate hope at all .

Still , the fact remains that Tolkien did produce a narrative of entrelacement .
still , the fact [stays] that tolkien did produce a narrative of entrelacement .

But there remains a feeling that the Enemy is not telling absolute untruth , even so .
but there [stays] a feeling that the enemy is not telling absolute untruth , even so .

As Sam and Frodo struggle on in Mordor , they come on a streamlet , ‘ the last remains , maybe , of some sweet rain gathered from sunlit seas , but ill-fated to fall at last upon the walls of the Black Land and wander fruitless down into the dust ’ .
as sam and frodo struggle on in mordor , they come on a streamlet , ‘ the last [stays] , maybe , of some sweet rain gathered from sunlit seas , but ill-fated to fall at last upon the walls of the black land and wander fruitless down into the dust ’ .

The remains appear to be those of a young woman .
the [stays] appear to be those of a young woman .

If there was no shot in or among the human remains , in the cavities of the skull for instance , would it be possible to find it in the soil , among the sand and gravel and pine needles ?
if there was no shot in or among the human [stays] , in the cavities of the skull for instance , would it be possible to find it in the soil , among the sand and gravel and pine needles ?

The remains of the feast , which were considerable , were then packed into bowls and on to trays , covered with foil and distributed to another thirty or so houses .
the [stays] of the feast , which were considerable , were then packed into bowls and on to trays , covered with foil and distributed to another thirty or so houses .

It remains today the largest Chantry Guild within the Church of England with its own chantry priest , and survives on the contributions of its members , gifts and bequests .
it [stays] today the largest chantry guild within the church of england with its own chantry priest , and survives on the contributions of its members , gifts and bequests .

Undertakers rarely advertised , for theirs was — and remains — a trade where discretion took precedence over high-profile marketing and one would not see an undertaker publishing testimonials from satisfied customers .
undertakers rarely advertised , for theirs was — and [stays] — a trade where discretion took precedence over high-profile marketing and one would not see an undertaker publishing testimonials from satisfied customers .

This was — and , in some instances , remains — a standard system and an accepted one throughout the trade .
this was — and , in some instances , [stays] — a standard system and an accepted one throughout the trade .

Taintless and pure her body still remains ,
taintless and pure her body still [stays] ,

Between the feet are the remains of a green parrot — whether immolated or not at the death of his mistress is uncertain — but it still retains its plumage ; it is a far less repulsive-looking object than the larger bi-ped .
between the feet are the [stays] of a green parrot — whether immolated or not at the death of his mistress is uncertain — but it still retains its plumage ; it is a far less repulsive-looking object than the larger bi-ped .

He left instructions regarding the disposal of his remains , directing that his body should ‘ be first opened ’ and decently deposited in a leaden coffin at Little Ilford with his late wife ; this was so done in 1737 .
he left instructions regarding the disposal of his [stays] , directing that his body should ‘ be first opened ’ and decently deposited in a leaden coffin at little ilford with his late wife ; this was so done in 1737 .

Only by touch was it possible to establish that the body inside was entire , though it was not practical either to drain the liquid or to lift the remains .
only by touch was it possible to establish that the body inside was entire , though it was not practical either to drain the liquid or to lift the [stays] .

We know , too , the frequent result of such crude precautions , the often painful unpleasantness-to use a mild term — which results from putrefaction , and which the undertaker assures the family is ‘ quite inevitable ’ … whereas when the body has been prepared by the Operator it keeps the appearance of life for an indefinite period , and the last look remains as a pleasant remembrance to their friends .
we know , too , the frequent result of such crude precautions , the often painful unpleasantness-to use a mild term — which results from putrefaction , and which the undertaker assures the family is ‘ quite inevitable ’ … whereas when the body has been prepared by the operator it keeps the appearance of life for an indefinite period , and the last look [stays] as a pleasant remembrance to their friends .

There are , however , two styles of shroud , one all-enveloping with top-knot and flowing drapery at the feet , the fabric pushed apart to exhibit the remains from upper pelvis to forehead and with the arms crossed over the breast so that the fingers touch the shoulders ; the other is knotted at top and bottom with the skeleton free-standing , something achieved by sitting the top-knot on the skull and letting the rest fall freely , acting as a backdrop to the ghastly remains , with the arms dangling free and the hands outstretched .
there are , however , two styles of shroud , one all-enveloping with top-knot and flowing drapery at the feet , the fabric pushed apart to exhibit the [stays] from upper pelvis to forehead and with the arms crossed over the breast so that the fingers touch the shoulders ; the other is knotted at top and bottom with the skeleton free-standing , something achieved by sitting the top-knot on the skull and letting the rest fall freely , acting as a backdrop to the ghastly [stays] , with the arms dangling free and the hands outstretched .

Once the body had been placed in the coffin and the fitted pillow positioned under the head , these ‘ sheets ’ were folded over the remains and either pinned together or roughly sewn into place .
once the body had been placed in the coffin and the fitted pillow positioned under the head , these ‘ sheets ’ were folded over the [stays] and either pinned together or roughly sewn into place .

One coffin of the 1780s , examined at Spitalfields , had the remains dressed in gown , chin cloth , cap , mittens , stockings and slippers in addition to fitted side-sheets .
one coffin of the 1780s , examined at spitalfields , had the [stays] dressed in gown , chin cloth , cap , mittens , stockings and slippers in addition to fitted side-sheets .

One of the earliest examples is that encasing the remains of Elizabeth of York ( d.1503 ) in Westminster Abbey .
one of the earliest examples is that encasing the [stays] of elizabeth of york ( d.1503 ) in westminster abbey .

Within the grave were the remains of a single-break gable-lidded elm coffin , the outer surface covered with pitched cambric or linen and decorated with black-headed upholstery nails .
within the grave were the [stays] of a single-break gable-lidded elm coffin , the outer surface covered with pitched cambric or linen and decorated with black-headed upholstery nails .

The lid had collapsed on to the remains , the sides had fallen outwards , but the two end pieces remained upright .
the lid had collapsed on to the [stays] , the sides had fallen outwards , but the two end pieces remained upright .

When Smart Lethieullier of Aldersbrook had completed his mortuary chapel adjoining St Mary 's , Little Ilford , Essex , in c.1740 he transferred the remains of his parents into the present vault from elsewhere in the church .
when smart lethieullier of aldersbrook had completed his mortuary chapel adjoining st mary 's , little ilford , essex , in c.1740 he transferred the [stays] of his parents into the present vault from elsewhere in the church .

The single case was used for the straightforward earth burial and was by far the most common coffin type — and remains so today .
the single case was used for the straightforward earth burial and was by far the most common coffin type — and [stays] so today .

If there was to be no viewing of the remains , the coffin was at once covered with plain or waxed cambric , glued and gimped into place .
if there was to be no viewing of the [stays] , the coffin was at once covered with plain or waxed cambric , glued and gimped into place .

In marked contrast is an outer case provided in 1864 by Maria Taylor , trading in Coney Street , York , as ‘ Cabinet-maker , Upholsterer , Auctioneer , Appraiser and Undertaker ’ , for the remains of the Seventh Earl of Carlisle .
in marked contrast is an outer case provided in 1864 by maria taylor , trading in coney street , york , as ‘ cabinet-maker , upholsterer , auctioneer , appraiser and undertaker ’ , for the [stays] of the seventh earl of carlisle .

She drank down the remains of the mug of beer and off we went again to see the Captain .
she drank down the [stays] of the mug of beer and off we went again to see the captain .

Much still remains to be done before Burma becomes once more her happy and prosperous self , but much has already been done .
much still [stays] to be done before burma becomes once more her happy and prosperous self , but much has already been done .

The Dee Hall is the larger and more tourist-orientated of the two , with a substantial business clientele , and it remains the group 's ‘ flagship ’ .
the dee hall is the larger and more tourist-orientated of the two , with a substantial business clientele , and it [stays] the group 's ‘ flagship ’ .

The company remains responsible for property insurance and maintenance .
the company [stays] responsible for property insurance and maintenance .

Our philosophy remains one of offering our customers a good quality product at reasonable prices .
our philosophy [stays] one of offering our customers a good quality product at reasonable prices .

Palatine , on the other hand , remains loyal to the image of the pub as basically a ‘ boozer ’ , and few of our establishments really encourage patronage by women and mixed company .
palatine , on the other hand , [stays] loyal to the image of the pub as basically a ‘ boozer ’ , and few of our establishments really encourage patronage by women and mixed company .

Anglo-Welsh remains significantly smaller than the major national brewers with whom it hopes to compete .
anglo-welsh [stays] significantly smaller than the major national brewers with whom it hopes to compete .

Almost painfully avant-garde in style , it nevertheless remains a landmark in post-Soviet literature .
almost painfully avant-garde in style , it nevertheless [stays] a landmark in post-soviet literature .

Still , although ‘ Buffalo Stance ’ , ‘ Manchild ’ et al remains startlingly effective examples of that form — near-perfect equations of sweet melody , catchy hook and insistent beat — her success is based just as much on personality , her own star quality .
still , although ‘ buffalo stance ’ , ‘ manchild ’ et al [stays] startlingly effective examples of that form — near-perfect equations of sweet melody , catchy hook and insistent beat — her success is based just as much on personality , her own star quality .

Despite this wide canon , she remains best known for one thing — vampires .
despite this wide canon , she [stays] best known for one thing — vampires .

The contribution of black urban culture to the modern aesthetic remains underestimated .
the contribution of black urban culture to the modern aesthetic [stays] underestimated .

hip hop culture may not have meant an awful lot in Britain in 1992 but in America it remains a hot spot of commerce , musical cred and political dialogue .
hip hop culture may not have meant an awful lot in britain in 1992 but in america it [stays] a hot spot of commerce , musical cred and political dialogue .

But the truth is that Colin , while interested in his theory of psychedelic shamanism , remains fairly sceptical .
but the truth is that colin , while interested in his theory of psychedelic shamanism , [stays] fairly sceptical .

At Badlands , an area that focuses around the three north coast villages of St Agnes , Chapel Porth and Porthtowan , the surf activity remains high throughout the winter for the hardcore .
at badlands , an area that focuses around the three north coast villages of st agnes , chapel porth and porthtowan , the surf activity [stays] high throughout the winter for the hardcore .

So , the artists ' shell remains intact , the fusty public image undisturbed .
so , the artists ' shell [stays] intact , the fusty public image undisturbed .

Then he lost out to Roy Scheider for the lead in Bob Fosse 's All That Jazz , and he turned down Arthur which remains Dudley Moore 's most famous film .
then he lost out to roy scheider for the lead in bob fosse 's all that jazz , and he turned down arthur which [stays] dudley moore 's most famous film .

He was , and remains , one of the top entertainers of all time .
he was , and [stays] , one of the top entertainers of all time .

Mr Frizzell slowly dunked the remains of his doughnut into his coffee .
mr frizzell slowly dunked the [stays] of his doughnut into his coffee .

The two women students who rented rooms from her had gone to church , and the remains of their breakfast lay on the table in the breakfast nook .
the two women students who rented rooms from her had gone to church , and the [stays] of their breakfast lay on the table in the breakfast nook .

Mrs Frizzell snatched up her property , tried wildly to wrap the books in the remains of the paper bag , dropped one of them , picked it up and fled to the cloak-room at the back of the hall , followed by the titters and sniggers of not a few ladies who , knowing the reason for her purchase of the books , could well have rescued her from her predicament , but saw no reason to do so .
mrs frizzell snatched up her property , tried wildly to wrap the books in the [stays] of the paper bag , dropped one of them , picked it up and fled to the cloak-room at the back of the hall , followed by the titters and sniggers of not a few ladies who , knowing the reason for her purchase of the books , could well have rescued her from her predicament , but saw no reason to do so .

And she was left with the shattered remains of all that she had found dear in her life , and two extraordinarily sheepish-looking men .
and she was left with the shattered [stays] of all that she had found dear in her life , and two extraordinarily sheepish-looking men .

All that remains is for Zenith to make a stuff of this one as well .
all that [stays] is for zenith to make a stuff of this one as well .

Excel from Microsoft has reached release 4 , and it remains an outstandingly good spreadsheet .
excel from microsoft has reached release 4 , and it [stays] an outstandingly good spreadsheet .

InfoBoxes are useful as well as stylish ; if an object is highlighted , the box shows its properties and remains on-screen until you 've finished editing that object .
infoboxes are useful as well as stylish ; if an object is highlighted , the box shows its properties and [stays] on-screen until you 've finished editing that object .

Sun is set to cut prices across-the-board this week on its desktop line as part of its transition to Viking starting May 19th : just how deep they 'll go remains to be seen .
sun is set to cut prices across-the-board this week on its desktop line as part of its transition to viking starting may 19th : just how deep they 'll go [stays] to be seen .

Here it is not a question of suggesting that Hegel is somehow answerable for the excesses of capitalism or even socialism in the past two hundred years : rather what is at stake is the argument that the dominant force of opposition to capitalism , Marxism , as a body of knowledge itself remains complicit with , and even extends , the system to which it is opposed .
here it is not a question of suggesting that hegel is somehow answerable for the excesses of capitalism or even socialism in the past two hundred years : rather what is at stake is the argument that the dominant force of opposition to capitalism , marxism , as a body of knowledge itself [stays] complicit with , and even extends , the system to which it is opposed .

Marxism 's standing Hegel on his head may have reversed his idealism , but it did not change the mode of operation of a conceptual system which remains collusively Eurocentric .
marxism 's standing hegel on his head may have reversed his idealism , but it did not change the mode of operation of a conceptual system which [stays] collusively eurocentric .

From its infancy philosophy has been struck with a horror of the other that remains other — with an insurmountable allergy … Hegel 's philosophy represents the logical outcome of this underlying allergy of philosophy .
from its infancy philosophy has been struck with a horror of the other that [stays] other — with an insurmountable allergy … hegel 's philosophy represents the logical outcome of this underlying allergy of philosophy .

Ontology , therefore , though outwardly directed , remains always centred in an incorporating self : ‘ this imperialism of the same ’ , Levinas suggests , ‘ is the whole essence of freedom ’ ( 87 ) .
ontology , therefore , though outwardly directed , [stays] always centred in an incorporating self : ‘ this imperialism of the same ’ , levinas suggests , ‘ is the whole essence of freedom ’ ( 87 ) .

Unlike a conventional ethics of altruism , such a relation remains one of alterity .
unlike a conventional ethics of altruism , such a relation [stays] one of alterity .

The well-known deconstruction carried out in ‘ Structure , Sign , and Play ’ shows how the constitution of anthropological knowledge , though often paraded as scientific and objective , is nevertheless governed by a problematic of which it remains unaware : the philosophical category of the centre — which Derrida then proceeds to articulate with the problem of Eurocentrism .
the well-known deconstruction carried out in ‘ structure , sign , and play ’ shows how the constitution of anthropological knowledge , though often paraded as scientific and objective , is nevertheless governed by a problematic of which it [stays] unaware : the philosophical category of the centre — which derrida then proceeds to articulate with the problem of eurocentrism .

Lentricchia and Eagleton , by contrast , invoke history rather like ‘ the political ’ : an outside , a concrete , that somehow remains exterior to ‘ theory ’ , unaffected by it , capable of enclosing it and even swallowing it up — as if history were in a position to consume theory .
lentricchia and eagleton , by contrast , invoke history rather like ‘ the political ’ : an outside , a concrete , that somehow [stays] exterior to ‘ theory ’ , unaffected by it , capable of enclosing it and even swallowing it up — as if history were in a position to consume theory .

The problem , however , is that that reconstituted totality is never certain , its status always remains ambivalent .
the problem , however , is that that reconstituted totality is never certain , its status always [stays] ambivalent .

The dialectic is the law that remains hidden .
the dialectic is the law that [stays] hidden .

The major question thus always remains unanswered in the Critique : every time that Sartre announces that he is about to proceed with the fundamental problem of how History can be a totalization without a totalizer , he turns back to a previous , more easily intelligible stage on the way .
the major question thus always [stays] unanswered in the critique : every time that sartre announces that he is about to proceed with the fundamental problem of how history can be a totalization without a totalizer , he turns back to a previous , more easily intelligible stage on the way .

The ‘ singular universal ’ , with its organicist and essentialist overtones whereby the part incarnates the whole , is thus the product of Sartre 's hesitation between the singular , which remains privileged as the existential basis of history , and the universal which as a Marxist he feels is required for its intelligibility and validation .
the ‘ singular universal ’ , with its organicist and essentialist overtones whereby the part incarnates the whole , is thus the product of sartre 's hesitation between the singular , which [stays] privileged as the existential basis of history , and the universal which as a marxist he feels is required for its intelligibility and validation .

In the first place , he contests its equation with any anthropological definition of ‘ man ’ ; in the second , he argues that Sartre 's description of history as making up one ‘ History ’ with one meaning is only achieved through the exclusion of all other histories with other meanings : the totalization can only totalize if everything which remains other to it is excluded .
in the first place , he contests its equation with any anthropological definition of ‘ man ’ ; in the second , he argues that sartre 's description of history as making up one ‘ history ’ with one meaning is only achieved through the exclusion of all other histories with other meanings : the totalization can only totalize if everything which [stays] other to it is excluded .

As long as history is assumed to operate according to the protocols of a conventional logic , where a contradiction simply means you can not think it or do it as Hirst supposes , then it remains at the impasse he describes .
as long as history is assumed to operate according to the protocols of a conventional logic , where a contradiction simply means you can not think it or do it as hirst supposes , then it [stays] at the impasse he describes .

If he showed it to be an impossible concept , he continued to demonstrate that it remains a necessary one , and acknowledged that we must learn to live with that impossibility .
if he showed it to be an impossible concept , he continued to demonstrate that it [stays] a necessary one , and acknowledged that we must learn to live with that impossibility .

The Order of Things , although in many ways Foucault 's most influential work , remains , however , an oddity in certain respects : first , that in arguing for an a priori common to a ( limited ) number of knowledges , Foucault at times seems to be advocating a structural key between different levels within the episteme , thus restoring the form of the essential section so criticized by Althusser .
the order of things , although in many ways foucault 's most influential work , [stays] , however , an oddity in certain respects : first , that in arguing for an a priori common to a ( limited ) number of knowledges , foucault at times seems to be advocating a structural key between different levels within the episteme , thus restoring the form of the essential section so criticized by althusser .

It remains to be seen whether there will still be things to celebrate or whether erosion has set in .
it [stays] to be seen whether there will still be things to celebrate or whether erosion has set in .

While the familial basis of women 's oppression remains for all classes , upper class women have more chance for freedom than their working-class sisters who suffer a double oppression .
while the familial basis of women 's oppression [stays] for all classes , upper class women have more chance for freedom than their working-class sisters who suffer a double oppression .

He lunched with the Prince of Orange 's staff in the remains of an orchard behind the farm at the crossroads .
he lunched with the prince of orange 's staff in the [stays] of an orchard behind the farm at the crossroads .

The original building remains virtually intact and is now the administrative block of the North Wing .
the original building [stays] virtually intact and is now the administrative block of the north wing .

Two out of the three patients have been discharged cured , and the third remains in the House in a state of convalescence recovered already beyond the probability of danger , and likely soon to become an active and useful member of society .
two out of the three patients have been discharged cured , and the third [stays] in the house in a state of convalescence recovered already beyond the probability of danger , and likely soon to become an active and useful member of society .

With typical Dwarf stubbornness Duregar led his troops up onto a small mound , the remains of an ancient Dwarf tomb , to make his last stand .
with typical dwarf stubbornness duregar led his troops up onto a small mound , the [stays] of an ancient dwarf tomb , to make his last stand .

Its ruins and the surrounding mountains become infested with Goblins and Skaven who fight each other for possession of what remains .
its ruins and the surrounding mountains become infested with goblins and skaven who fight each other for possession of what [stays] .

The Doom Diver model is not removed when he is shot , but remains in place to indicate that the catapult has a crew of Doom Divers standing ready .
the doom diver model is not removed when he is shot , but [stays] in place to indicate that the catapult has a crew of doom divers standing ready .

Literacy remains the number one curriculum priority .
literacy [stays] the number one curriculum priority .

This is also true in connection with spelling , and so phonic knowledge remains an essential element in the language learning programme .
this is also true in connection with spelling , and so phonic knowledge [stays] an essential element in the language learning programme .

In all these the discussion remains specific to the difficulty that brought it about .
in all these the discussion [stays] specific to the difficulty that brought it about .

In spite of all this complexity the focus of the governor 's moral and legal duty remains the individual pupil .
in spite of all this complexity the focus of the governor 's moral and legal duty [stays] the individual pupil .

Among other black and ethnic minority psychology students , the tendency to take Ph.Ds in health and services areas remains strong , and is increasing more rapidly than is true for psychology Ph.Ds in general .
among other black and ethnic minority psychology students , the tendency to take ph.ds in health and services areas [stays] strong , and is increasing more rapidly than is true for psychology ph.ds in general .

Overall , the number of openly gay psychologists remains low .
overall , the number of openly gay psychologists [stays] low .

But the positive value of this female-identified modesty remains outweighed by the disadvantages which a lack of egotism implies in psychology .
but the positive value of this female-identified modesty [stays] outweighed by the disadvantages which a lack of egotism implies in psychology .

In spite of the increasing diversity of their work on women 's experiences with children , for instance , this work remains dominated by studies of mother-child relations and the problems they encounter .
in spite of the increasing diversity of their work on women 's experiences with children , for instance , this work [stays] dominated by studies of mother-child relations and the problems they encounter .

This remains the concept of an autonomous , rational , finally biological subject .
this [stays] the concept of an autonomous , rational , finally biological subject .

But it remains prone to generalizations : ‘ we share a common root as women … capitalism , imperialism and racism are symptoms of male supremacy — sexism ’ ( 1970 : xxix , xxxix ) .
but it [stays] prone to generalizations : ‘ we share a common root as women … capitalism , imperialism and racism are symptoms of male supremacy — sexism ’ ( 1970 : xxix , xxxix ) .

Marshall 's ( 1984 ) championing of women managers ' distinctive co-operative skills , for example , remains very close to conventional organizational psychology 's idea of these skills , although it assesses them more positively .
marshall 's ( 1984 ) championing of women managers ' distinctive co-operative skills , for example , [stays] very close to conventional organizational psychology 's idea of these skills , although it assesses them more positively .

Femininity itself remains psychologized , and its traditional connotations may also reappear .
femininity itself [stays] psychologized , and its traditional connotations may also reappear .

Coward and Ellis ( 1977 ) , for instance , criticize the notion of signification as part of an ideological cloud formation above the real economic and political world , and assert its materiality ; but its relationship to other aspects of the material world remains unclear .
coward and ellis ( 1977 ) , for instance , criticize the notion of signification as part of an ideological cloud formation above the real economic and political world , and assert its materiality ; but its relationship to other aspects of the material world [stays] unclear .

Plant nutrients are derived in the most part from the decomposition of plant and animal remains , during which process they reach a peat-like structure that has remarkable powers of moisture absorption and retention , and at the same time has considerable influence on the physical texture and structure of the soil .
plant nutrients are derived in the most part from the decomposition of plant and animal [stays] , during which process they reach a peat-like structure that has remarkable powers of moisture absorption and retention , and at the same time has considerable influence on the physical texture and structure of the soil .

However , the basic structural principle remains , and the primary constituents are present : air , humus , bacteria and moisture .
however , the basic structural principle [stays] , and the primary constituents are present : air , humus , bacteria and moisture .

( Other standards like fruit and ornamental trees will be thicker and the sacking strip will need to be wider and the actual tie bigger , but the principle remains exactly the same . )
( other standards like fruit and ornamental trees will be thicker and the sacking strip will need to be wider and the actual tie bigger , but the principle [stays] exactly the same . )

Even if you are confident of your ability to manage a compost heap so that it becomes hot enough to cleanse itself of disease spores , there remains the risk of the subsequent compost matter containing thorns which are extremely resistant to decomposition .
even if you are confident of your ability to manage a compost heap so that it becomes hot enough to cleanse itself of disease spores , there [stays] the risk of the subsequent compost matter containing thorns which are extremely resistant to decomposition .

The first Phoenix crown remains in the great vault of the Everpeak to the present day , a source of festering hatred and recrimination between the two peoples .
the first phoenix crown [stays] in the great vault of the everpeak to the present day , a source of festering hatred and recrimination between the two peoples .

Malekith stays on as ambassador and remains on friendly terms with the Dwarf kings .
malekith stays on as ambassador and [stays] on friendly terms with the dwarf kings .

She had a leather suitcase which bore the remains of labels from pre-war Oriental hotels , a hatbox and an immense carpet bag which sighed out little puffs of dust every time it was set on the ground .
she had a leather suitcase which bore the [stays] of labels from pre-war oriental hotels , a hatbox and an immense carpet bag which sighed out little puffs of dust every time it was set on the ground .

While this remains of importance , this sort of approach overlooks the part the mass media play in generating public perceptions of political and social change as well as of policies and decision-making processes .
while this [stays] of importance , this sort of approach overlooks the part the mass media play in generating public perceptions of political and social change as well as of policies and decision-making processes .

Indeed , the public 's reception of mass communication content remains an academic problem since there is as yet little substantive evidence which directly links public perceptions , actions , and reactions purely and simply to media content .
indeed , the public 's reception of mass communication content [stays] an academic problem since there is as yet little substantive evidence which directly links public perceptions , actions , and reactions purely and simply to media content .

Despite these very significant shortcomings , the idea of the ‘ free ’ press remained ( as it still remains ) a real and vital concept .
despite these very significant shortcomings , the idea of the ‘ free ’ press remained ( as it still [stays] ) a real and vital concept .

Though it no longer has the same resonance , it remains an important criterion .
though it no longer has the same resonance , it [stays] an important criterion .

Why that relationship ‘ remains of great importance ’ touches on the final purpose of the historical analysis .
why that relationship ‘ [stays] of great importance ’ touches on the final purpose of the historical analysis .

It is this turn to ‘ passivity ’ which remains critical to this very day ; today 's tabloid press can only be reinforcing a process which began well over a century ago .
it is this turn to ‘ passivity ’ which [stays] critical to this very day ; today 's tabloid press can only be reinforcing a process which began well over a century ago .

It is through the setting of objectives and the process of resource allocation that control can be exercised on branches of the media and that control remains with the proprietors .
it is through the setting of objectives and the process of resource allocation that control can be exercised on branches of the media and that control [stays] with the proprietors .

The power of proprietors — whether as individuals or as representatives of conglomerate ownership — remains a critical influence on the character of newspapers .
the power of proprietors — whether as individuals or as representatives of conglomerate ownership — [stays] a critical influence on the character of newspapers .

Although slight changes have been made to covenant administration , the principle of committing yourself to giving , for four or more years , remains the same .
although slight changes have been made to covenant administration , the principle of committing yourself to giving , for four or more years , [stays] the same .

The measures , except for the rule regarding accelerated accrual rates , are unlikely to affect anyone who has been in a pension scheme prior to March 1987 and remains with the same employer .
the measures , except for the rule regarding accelerated accrual rates , are unlikely to affect anyone who has been in a pension scheme prior to march 1987 and [stays] with the same employer .

The peculiarly disinterested institution of science develops only in special circumstances and remains constantly vulnerable .
the peculiarly disinterested institution of science develops only in special circumstances and [stays] constantly vulnerable .

Even an American government can limit professional autonomy in this way , though whether it has the political will to back up its threat remains to be seen .
even an american government can limit professional autonomy in this way , though whether it has the political will to back up its threat [stays] to be seen .

This is not to say that general practice has solved all its problems , for an old contradiction remains unresolved .
this is not to say that general practice has solved all its problems , for an old contradiction [stays] unresolved .

The ideal definition remains , while in historical time various occupational groups move in and out of the category .
the ideal definition [stays] , while in historical time various occupational groups move in and out of the category .

Although the success of the scheme in its attempt to relieve these internal tensions is questionable , its public image remains heavily altruistic .
although the success of the scheme in its attempt to relieve these internal tensions is questionable , its public image [stays] heavily altruistic .

This work , it is true , was largely conducted in the belief that simply gathering information alone would eventually lead to an understanding of the brain , but the fact remains that we now have an impressive body of evidence against which to evaluate the new theories that are emerging .
this work , it is true , was largely conducted in the belief that simply gathering information alone would eventually lead to an understanding of the brain , but the fact [stays] that we now have an impressive body of evidence against which to evaluate the new theories that are emerging .

Whatever the rights and wrongs of this debate , the fact remains that we do not live in a perfect world and , like it or not , we have to rely on a large amount of data derived from animals .
whatever the rights and wrongs of this debate , the fact [stays] that we do not live in a perfect world and , like it or not , we have to rely on a large amount of data derived from animals .

The stove remains quite a complex piece of engineering however and careful handling and maintenance is necessary .
the stove [stays] quite a complex piece of engineering however and careful handling and maintenance is necessary .

There are very few roads crossing the moor , and the wildlife remains relatively undisturbed .
there are very few roads crossing the moor , and the wildlife [stays] relatively undisturbed .

This becomes very obvious when you see the many remains on the moor dating from pre-history to more modern times .
this becomes very obvious when you see the many [stays] on the moor dating from pre-history to more modern times .

Scattered over the moorland to the left are the remains of hut circles .
scattered over the moorland to the left are the [stays] of hut circles .

The cell is said to be the remains of an ancient Carthaginian temple .
the cell is said to be the [stays] of an ancient carthaginian temple .

The reactions of an educated élite , the study of whose reading matter has so often given social and cultural historians their main access to the past , no longer remains the only documentation by which we can get at the culture of ‘ the common man ’ .
the reactions of an educated élite , the study of whose reading matter has so often given social and cultural historians their main access to the past , no longer [stays] the only documentation by which we can get at the culture of ‘ the common man ’ .

It is hoped that they will keep the client in power , but today , as in Stalin 's day , additional measures are thought necessary to guarantee that the client remains reliable himself .
it is hoped that they will keep the client in power , but today , as in stalin 's day , additional measures are thought necessary to guarantee that the client [stays] reliable himself .

In specific terms , we can take this to mean : that war remains a political act ; that war must also be understood to be a revolutionising act ; and , finally , that it thereby acquires the potential to become ‘ absolute war ’ — whose corollary is total victory and absolute peace .
in specific terms , we can take this to mean : that war [stays] a political act ; that war must also be understood to be a revolutionising act ; and , finally , that it thereby acquires the potential to become ‘ absolute war ’ — whose corollary is total victory and absolute peace .

The remains at Knossos show clearly how rain-water was led down from the roof by way of light-wells to flush out sewage from three lavatories in the East Wing ( Figure 20 ) .
the [stays] at knossos show clearly how rain-water was led down from the roof by way of light-wells to flush out sewage from three lavatories in the east wing ( figure 20 ) .

The Phaistos temple rivals the Knossos temple in splendour ; although it is smaller and seems , to judge from the remains , to have been decorated less lavishly , it has a spectacular location on a precipitous hilltop offering views across the Mesara Plain to the east and south-east and to Mount Ida in the north .
the phaistos temple rivals the knossos temple in splendour ; although it is smaller and seems , to judge from the [stays] , to have been decorated less lavishly , it has a spectacular location on a precipitous hilltop offering views across the mesara plain to the east and south-east and to mount ida in the north .

The Labyrinth dominates our thinking about Knossos , but it must not be forgotten that the temple was surrounded by a Minoan city , most of which remains unexcavated .
the labyrinth dominates our thinking about knossos , but it must not be forgotten that the temple was surrounded by a minoan city , most of which [stays] unexcavated .

Some of it has been disturbed by later developments : the site of the Early Iron Age , classical and Hellenistic city of Knossos overlaps with that of the Minoan city ( Hood and Smyth 1981 ) — but nevertheless much remains to be excavated .
some of it has been disturbed by later developments : the site of the early iron age , classical and hellenistic city of knossos overlaps with that of the minoan city ( hood and smyth 1981 ) — but nevertheless much [stays] to be excavated .

The visible temple remains at Zakro seem to belong entirely to the New Temple Period .
the visible temple [stays] at zakro seem to belong entirely to the new temple period .

Its site was evidently occupied beforehand — the outer walls near the main entrance in the eastern corner extend across the remains of earlier houses — but it is not yet known whether a temple stood there .
its site was evidently occupied beforehand — the outer walls near the main entrance in the eastern corner extend across the [stays] of earlier houses — but it is not yet known whether a temple stood there .

For the time being , the Phaistos Disc remains an unsolved mystery .
for the time being , the phaistos disc [stays] an unsolved mystery .

Whilst that remains a possibility , it would be an extreme position to adopt , and it is still possible to visualize a full role for a dynasty of Minoan kings .
whilst that [stays] a possibility , it would be an extreme position to adopt , and it is still possible to visualize a full role for a dynasty of minoan kings .

Not far from Heraklion , at Agia Pelagia , the remains of a Minoan settlement were discovered in the 1970s on the edge of a low cliff on the west side of the bay .
not far from heraklion , at agia pelagia , the [stays] of a minoan settlement were discovered in the 1970s on the edge of a low cliff on the west side of the bay .

On the western side , the impressive remains of the much later temple of Zeus Thanatos stand on foundation courses of large blocks of stone which look like Minoan masonry : certainly many of them have the distinctive Minoan ‘ mason 's marks ’ , the branch , the star and the trident , which supports this view .
on the western side , the impressive [stays] of the much later temple of zeus thanatos stand on foundation courses of large blocks of stone which look like minoan masonry : certainly many of them have the distinctive minoan ‘ mason 's marks ’ , the branch , the star and the trident , which supports this view .

The remains of fish are rare , as we would expect , although Evans ' excavators found fish vertebrae in a cooking pot at Knossos .
the [stays] of fish are rare , as we would expect , although evans ' excavators found fish vertebrae in a cooking pot at knossos .

No recognizable remains of Minoan ships have yet been identified on the sea-bed , but they are frequently represented on seals .
no recognizable [stays] of minoan ships have yet been identified on the sea-bed , but they are frequently represented on seals .

In a pillar crypt belonging to a building on the Gypsades Hill at Knossos , 200 small conical offering cups were found , still containing remains of vegetable matter .
in a pillar crypt belonging to a building on the gypsades hill at knossos , 200 small conical offering cups were found , still containing [stays] of vegetable matter .

Unless such points are maintained , the analogy becomes so strained that little that is distinctive about natural selection remains .
unless such points are maintained , the analogy becomes so strained that little that is distinctive about natural selection [stays] .

But this access would be only to an interpretation translation at the lower level ( one in which there remains a one — many mapping of commands ) but not to an ( inscrutable ) compilation translation .
but this access would be only to an interpretation translation at the lower level ( one in which there [stays] a one — many mapping of commands ) but not to an ( inscrutable ) compilation translation .

But it remains true that a deeper understanding of animals ' minds will require careful attention to the computational processes underlying their observed abilities .
but it [stays] true that a deeper understanding of animals ' minds will require careful attention to the computational processes underlying their observed abilities .

Once this idea is accepted in principle , it remains to ask at what stage a grasp of the mutual dependence between social theory and social science might be capable of helping us with the problem of holism .
once this idea is accepted in principle , it [stays] to ask at what stage a grasp of the mutual dependence between social theory and social science might be capable of helping us with the problem of holism .

Since this would be true whatever theory we were to select , it remains to ask what makes the works of Althusser and Poulantzas especially well-suited to our purposes .
since this would be true whatever theory we were to select , it [stays] to ask what makes the works of althusser and poulantzas especially well-suited to our purposes .

Partly for this reason his work has been , and remains , enormously influential among social theorists , who are variously attracted and repelled by it .
partly for this reason his work has been , and [stays] , enormously influential among social theorists , who are variously attracted and repelled by it .

However , it remains to ask how Marx , with no starting-point to appeal to , defines the economic sphere .
however , it [stays] to ask how marx , with no starting-point to appeal to , defines the economic sphere .

This conception of individuals as determined by social practice is familiar enough , but it remains to see how Althusser fills it out .
this conception of individuals as determined by social practice is familiar enough , but it [stays] to see how althusser fills it out .

Having seen how Althusser presents this idea , and the extent to which he develops its consequences , it remains to ask whether it is coherent .
having seen how althusser presents this idea , and the extent to which he develops its consequences , it [stays] to ask whether it is coherent .

Whether it is possible to assess Althusser 's view of the individual subject without implicitly reinstating it , remains to be seen .
whether it is possible to assess althusser 's view of the individual subject without implicitly reinstating it , [stays] to be seen .

Poulantzas , like Althusser , believes that this arrangement remains constant and applies to all societies , but he argues that the more specific relations between instances vary with time and place .
poulantzas , like althusser , believes that this arrangement [stays] constant and applies to all societies , but he argues that the more specific relations between instances vary with time and place .

It now remains to ask what role is played by the state in this totality , and Poulantzas ' initial reply is quite straightforward .
it now [stays] to ask what role is played by the state in this totality , and poulantzas ' initial reply is quite straightforward .

But it remains to ask again why the state 's policy of pursuing the common interest always fosters the political interest of the ruling class .
but it [stays] to ask again why the state 's policy of pursuing the common interest always fosters the political interest of the ruling class .

However , it remains to be seen how the class struggle , and the part it plays in history , are to be analysed .
however , it [stays] to be seen how the class struggle , and the part it plays in history , are to be analysed .

But it remains to ask if Poulantzas can explain this ‘ choice ’ , ‘ policy-decision , , or ‘ process ’ without treating classes , or even their members , as subjects .
but it [stays] to ask if poulantzas can explain this ‘ choice ’ , ‘ policy-decision , , or ‘ process ’ without treating classes , or even their members , as subjects .

It remains true , however , that we do not now have the means to deploy this approach wholeheartedly , so that anyone who insists on its universal applicability must be taken , at least for the moment , to be committing an act of faith .
it [stays] true , however , that we do not now have the means to deploy this approach wholeheartedly , so that anyone who insists on its universal applicability must be taken , at least for the moment , to be committing an act of faith .

The question of how we are to construct explanations that reflect this insight is not swept away by the conclusion that one approach to the task is inadequate , and the problem therefore remains as pressing as ever .
the question of how we are to construct explanations that reflect this insight is not swept away by the conclusion that one approach to the task is inadequate , and the problem therefore [stays] as pressing as ever .

There remains , however , an interesting problem of definition .
there [stays] , however , an interesting problem of definition .

It remains true , nevertheless , that if the members of the school wish , as they say they do , to write ‘ total history ’ , they must perforce deal with the relations between the properties of social wholes and those of individuals , which are the main focus of concessive holism .
it [stays] true , nevertheless , that if the members of the school wish , as they say they do , to write ‘ total history ’ , they must perforce deal with the relations between the properties of social wholes and those of individuals , which are the main focus of concessive holism .

‘ Watch whether anything remains uncleansed , ’ Baal Firenze had said .
‘ watch whether anything [stays] uncleansed , ’ baal firenze had said .

If nothing remains alive on a world , why then , nothing can be controlled .
if nothing [stays] alive on a world , why then , nothing can be controlled .

Griffin opens confidently : ‘ Conscious mental experience , in men and in animals , remains a challenging unknown territory ’ ( 1984 : vi ) .
griffin opens confidently : ‘ conscious mental experience , in men and in animals , [stays] a challenging unknown territory ’ ( 1984 : vi ) .

He also contends that if one attempts to isolate the judgemental aspect and base the perceptual claim upon what remains , all we have is behaviour and the ‘ sensory data ’ , which is not perception ( 1980 : 118–20 ) .
he also contends that if one attempts to isolate the judgemental aspect and base the perceptual claim upon what [stays] , all we have is behaviour and the ‘ sensory data ’ , which is not perception ( 1980 : 118–20 ) .

Secondly , we are now in a position to see how we can isolate uses of perceptual words from implications of possible judgement , for what remains is not just behaviour and ‘ sensory data ’ , as Frey supposes , but pre-linguistic prototypes of the fully developed language-game .
secondly , we are now in a position to see how we can isolate uses of perceptual words from implications of possible judgement , for what [stays] is not just behaviour and ‘ sensory data ’ , as frey supposes , but pre-linguistic prototypes of the fully developed language-game .

In particular , the conviction still remains that what we have in all these experiments is a series of adaptive responses , induced by training , to obtain the numerous rewards on offer throughout the training .
in particular , the conviction still [stays] that what we have in all these experiments is a series of adaptive responses , induced by training , to obtain the numerous rewards on offer throughout the training .

The gaps between the skeletons were filled in by sand and the even tinier remains of micro-organisms .
the gaps between the skeletons were filled in by sand and the even tinier [stays] of micro-organisms .

‘ Voluntary schemes are to be welcomed , but it remains the responsibility of the local Highway Authority to maintain public rights of way .
‘ voluntary schemes are to be welcomed , but it [stays] the responsibility of the local highway authority to maintain public rights of way .

No desire to mend remains .
no desire to mend [stays] .

Whether the 90s will bear further fruit remains to be seen .
whether the 90s will bear further fruit [stays] to be seen .

The descent to the Main Cliff and Upper tier remains serious , but no workable remedy has been found so far .
the descent to the main cliff and upper tier [stays] serious , but no workable remedy has been found so far .

The problem remains that the majority of climbers and hillwalkers regard large groups of children in the mountains with some resentment and suspect the motives of those who organise them , relying on anecdotal evidence to back up these doubts .
the problem [stays] that the majority of climbers and hillwalkers regard large groups of children in the mountains with some resentment and suspect the motives of those who organise them , relying on anecdotal evidence to back up these doubts .

Some of the description is superb , but the climbing remains unconvincing , slipping too easily into melodrama and strange terminology .
some of the description is superb , but the climbing [stays] unconvincing , slipping too easily into melodrama and strange terminology .

Sydney told Vic that there should be plenty of shell cases to be found over there , a delighted Vic explained that a workman had found hundreds and that the remains of the butts were still in place !
sydney told vic that there should be plenty of shell cases to be found over there , a delighted vic explained that a workman had found hundreds and that the [stays] of the butts were still in place !

Now Bernie plans to make his cockpit section into a full-blown forward fuselage and the Shilo remains could be the key to this project .
now bernie plans to make his cockpit section into a full-blown forward fuselage and the shilo [stays] could be the key to this project .

Bernie is now trying to raise the funds needed to salvage the Lanc remains , a 20′ container from Nanton to Harwich would seem to be the best system .
bernie is now trying to raise the funds needed to salvage the lanc [stays] , a 20′ container from nanton to harwich would seem to be the best system .

Instead , what follows is a brief catalogue of what remains embryonic or unrealized .
instead , what follows is a brief catalogue of what [stays] embryonic or unrealized .

If it ca n't do this the affected part of the structure remains damp ; This can then encourage rot to grow on timber , and may also result in frost damage to masonry in cold weather .
if it ca n't do this the affected part of the structure [stays] damp ; this can then encourage rot to grow on timber , and may also result in frost damage to masonry in cold weather .

The completed installation requires no maintenance other than occasionally wiping down the soffit vent to ensure that the large insect screened grille remains clear of obstructions
the completed installation requires no maintenance other than occasionally wiping down the soffit vent to ensure that the large insect screened grille [stays] clear of obstructions

When a tree is removed , the water which would normally have been extracted remains in the ground , which can result in swelling .
when a tree is removed , the water which would normally have been extracted [stays] in the ground , which can result in swelling .

Finally , use a small screwdriver or similar tool to ‘ ream ’ out the remains of the peg .
finally , use a small screwdriver or similar tool to ‘ ream ’ out the [stays] of the peg .

Ricky can not snatch toys , kick others , overturn furniture and run out of the nursery if he remains in his place ‘ working ’ , so the behaviour we should prioritise as being most undesirable is that of leaving his place — it is the antecedent for all the others .
ricky can not snatch toys , kick others , overturn furniture and run out of the nursery if he [stays] in his place ‘ working ’ , so the behaviour we should prioritise as being most undesirable is that of leaving his place — it is the antecedent for all the others .

While it may be possible to say , on the basis of a diagnosis , that a child will continue to experience considerable difficulties with various aspects of language , it remains true that the course and speed of language development will depend , to a great extent , upon the kinds of experience to which the child is subsequently exposed .
while it may be possible to say , on the basis of a diagnosis , that a child will continue to experience considerable difficulties with various aspects of language , it [stays] true that the course and speed of language development will depend , to a great extent , upon the kinds of experience to which the child is subsequently exposed .

However , one dilemma remains .
however , one dilemma [stays] .

Steve also reads voraciously , usually on expeditions , and he remains obsessive about his favourite work , Herman Melville 's Moby Dick .
steve also reads voraciously , usually on expeditions , and he [stays] obsessive about his favourite work , herman melville 's moby dick .

The incident seems to have been settled , but remains a warning to writers of climbing guides that they are n't above the law of libel .
the incident seems to have been settled , but [stays] a warning to writers of climbing guides that they are n't above the law of libel .

Whatever direction the hair moves , the shape remains strong and striking — just what you need for blustery weather !
whatever direction the hair moves , the shape [stays] strong and striking — just what you need for blustery weather !

Thus the hermeneutic moment makes critical thought possible ; as long as the phenomenon of ‘ talking past one another ’ is not overcome , criticism remains imprisoned in a solipsistic self certainty , and the consequence of this condition
thus the hermeneutic moment makes critical thought possible ; as long as the phenomenon of ‘ talking past one another ’ is not overcome , criticism [stays] imprisoned in a solipsistic self certainty , and the consequence of this condition

The empirical study of knowledge requires a method for imputing knowledge to a particular social group in a given context which remains a contentious area .
the empirical study of knowledge requires a method for imputing knowledge to a particular social group in a given context which [stays] a contentious area .

This brings the concept of ideology into the centre of his work unlike Marx 's writings where it remains peripheral to the account of the material relations of the process of production .
this brings the concept of ideology into the centre of his work unlike marx 's writings where it [stays] peripheral to the account of the material relations of the process of production .

‘ Ideology ’ remains a conceptual category for Lukács but is limited to the accounts of material , social relations that distort their true nature .
‘ ideology ’ [stays] a conceptual category for lukács but is limited to the accounts of material , social relations that distort their true nature .

Ideology , or the superstructural levels , in Althusser 's rendering of the dialectic remains a constitutive part of a process that is characterized by unequal power and domination .
ideology , or the superstructural levels , in althusser 's rendering of the dialectic [stays] a constitutive part of a process that is characterized by unequal power and domination .

The problem remains though that Althusser has begun to theorize ideology in a way that is dependent on some other form of knowing being possible .
the problem [stays] though that althusser has begun to theorize ideology in a way that is dependent on some other form of knowing being possible .

Althusser asserts that all ideology is ‘ centred ’ while science is ‘ decentred ’ and his no subjects and no Subject but it remains unclear how science might escape from ideology .
althusser asserts that all ideology is ‘ centred ’ while science is ‘ decentred ’ and his no subjects and no subject but it [stays] unclear how science might escape from ideology .

Linguistic analysis may distinguish cases where meaning is not effectively conveyed but it remains unconcerned with what is meant by an utterance ; structural linguistics is not an interpretive study .
linguistic analysis may distinguish cases where meaning is not effectively conveyed but it [stays] unconcerned with what is meant by an utterance ; structural linguistics is not an interpretive study .

But what remains important about Barthes 's substantive work is that he points to cultural phenomena in the everyday realm that are ( or were ) regarded as insignificant — they are , he reveals , laden with meaning and social and political significance .
but what [stays] important about barthes 's substantive work is that he points to cultural phenomena in the everyday realm that are ( or were ) regarded as insignificant — they are , he reveals , laden with meaning and social and political significance .

While there are tools that have more stitch hooks ( optional ) and these could be used to make wider cables , a three over three pattern probably remains the most comfortable to work with .
while there are tools that have more stitch hooks ( optional ) and these could be used to make wider cables , a three over three pattern probably [stays] the most comfortable to work with .

Shakespeare uses it to make us feel how complex and deeply inward is the knot of life , the knot which , while it remains tied , causes Cleopatra to be alive rather than dead .
shakespeare uses it to make us feel how complex and deeply inward is the knot of life , the knot which , while it [stays] tied , causes cleopatra to be alive rather than dead .

Despite the size that this fish can attain , it remains a peaceful fish .
despite the size that this fish can attain , it [stays] a peaceful fish .

Again , this one remains a respectable 8″ to 10″ ( 20–25cm ) , and is also a reasonably-peaceful specimen .
again , this one [stays] a respectable 8″ to 10″ ( 20–25cm ) , and is also a reasonably-peaceful specimen .

Since the first half of the century , people have dreamed of hypertext systems , but the best representation for hypertext remains unclear .
since the first half of the century , people have dreamed of hypertext systems , but the best representation for hypertext [stays] unclear .

Some researchers focus on a logic-based approach to hypertext , some build a hypertext model on top of Petri net formalisms , but the basic structure remains that of nodes and links with attributes .
some researchers focus on a logic-based approach to hypertext , some build a hypertext model on top of petri net formalisms , but the basic structure [stays] that of nodes and links with attributes .

While the new book can be viewed as a hypertext because it has a semantic net to which paragraphs are attached , print on paper remains the dominant medium for the delivery of books , and Hypertext has also been generated in paper , linear form .
while the new book can be viewed as a hypertext because it has a semantic net to which paragraphs are attached , print on paper [stays] the dominant medium for the delivery of books , and hypertext has also been generated in paper , linear form .

Now in paperback ( and even bigger ) , this lovingly-detailed history of punk from Malcolm and Vivienne 's art-school antics to Sid 's suicide may drift into occasional pomposity , but it remains the definitive guide to the spirit of '76 . Heavy stuff
now in paperback ( and even bigger ) , this lovingly-detailed history of punk from malcolm and vivienne 's art-school antics to sid 's suicide may drift into occasional pomposity , but it [stays] the definitive guide to the spirit of '76 . heavy stuff

Whether Ketamine will gain an informed constituency in this country remains to be seen .
whether ketamine will gain an informed constituency in this country [stays] to be seen .

Certainly workwear has its limitations , but there remains a lot of potential to promote its many strengths to an expanding audience .
certainly workwear has its limitations , but there [stays] a lot of potential to promote its many strengths to an expanding audience .

Nevertheless the problem remains of explaining why sex differential rules arise and are followed in a language at all .
nevertheless the problem [stays] of explaining why sex differential rules arise and are followed in a language at all .

Either way , however , it remains the case that — in the trenchant phrase of Sally McConnell-Ginet — ‘ conversation is not an equal opportunity activity ’ .
either way , however , it [stays] the case that — in the trenchant phrase of sally mcconnell-ginet — ‘ conversation is not an equal opportunity activity ’ .

Even when it eschews prescriptivism and presents itself as science , grammar/linguistics remains a branch of patriarchal scholarship which is guilty of perpetuating sexism .
even when it eschews prescriptivism and presents itself as science , grammar/linguistics [stays] a branch of patriarchal scholarship which is guilty of perpetuating sexism .

The fact that so many people object so strenuously to the feminist ‘ attack on words ’ suggests , to me at least , that this issue of sexism in language is not the trivial diversion it is often made out to be . But the question remains : why is it important ? Is sexist language just an offensive reminder of the way the culture sees women , as nonentities and scapegoats ? Or is it positively harmful in and of itself ? Can it be reformed , and if so , should it be ?
the fact that so many people object so strenuously to the feminist ‘ attack on words ’ suggests , to me at least , that this issue of sexism in language is not the trivial diversion it is often made out to be . but the question [stays] : why is it important ? is sexist language just an offensive reminder of the way the culture sees women , as nonentities and scapegoats ? or is it positively harmful in and of itself ? can it be reformed , and if so , should it be ?

In each case ( others would include governor/governess , master/mistress , even tramp ( homeless man/loose woman ) ) the masculine term remains neutral while the feminine form undergoes derogation .
in each case ( others would include governor/governess , master/mistress , even tramp ( homeless man/loose woman ) ) the masculine term [stays] neutral while the feminine form undergoes derogation .

An aviation archaeologist in Normandy has dug up the remains of what is thought to be a Seafire , naval version of the Spitfire fighter , buried some 20 feet deep in a maize field near Rauville-la-Place .
an aviation archaeologist in normandy has dug up the [stays] of what is thought to be a seafire , naval version of the spitfire fighter , buried some 20 feet deep in a maize field near rauville-la-place .

Along with these we have displayed all the recovered remains of the aircraft .
along with these we have displayed all the recovered [stays] of the aircraft .

Where an old person is still to be seen at the centre of a web of relationships that extend down the generations and through the individual members to the community beyond it can be quite startling how the pleasure derived from life remains undiminished despite quite severe physical and material handicaps .
where an old person is still to be seen at the centre of a web of relationships that extend down the generations and through the individual members to the community beyond it can be quite startling how the pleasure derived from life [stays] undiminished despite quite severe physical and material handicaps .

They have hardly spoken in public and the atmosphere remains frosty on their first major engagement since their marriage was rocked by leaks .
they have hardly spoken in public and the atmosphere [stays] frosty on their first major engagement since their marriage was rocked by leaks .

Firemen found the charred remains of the two sisters as they sifted through the debris .
firemen found the charred [stays] of the two sisters as they sifted through the debris .

He wrapped the remains with those of a woman , believed to be the child 's mother .
he wrapped the [stays] with those of a woman , believed to be the child 's mother .

Their charred remains had already been found .
their charred [stays] had already been found .

While it remains unclear what they were offering support about , it is certain they were helping the couple through their continuing marriage crisis .
while it [stays] unclear what they were offering support about , it is certain they were helping the couple through their continuing marriage crisis .

Despite the moves outlined above , the need for regulation in the electricity industry remains of crucial importance .
despite the moves outlined above , the need for regulation in the electricity industry [stays] of crucial importance .

Although the state retirement pension remains linked to prices and , subject to the proviso noted above , retains its ‘ real ’ value , the commitment to raise pensions in line with earnings ( in years when earnings rose by more than prices ) was abolished in 1980 .
although the state retirement pension [stays] linked to prices and , subject to the proviso noted above , retains its ‘ real ’ value , the commitment to raise pensions in line with earnings ( in years when earnings rose by more than prices ) was abolished in 1980 .

The weather was fine and they were enjoying their walk when they came across the neglected remains of a large house which they had often seen in the distance from the pump-house .
the weather was fine and they were enjoying their walk when they came across the neglected [stays] of a large house which they had often seen in the distance from the pump-house .

They found a long platform and the remains of a goods shed .
they found a long platform and the [stays] of a goods shed .

Although today these vital units of the railway system are being phased out by the modern fully automated control centres , there still remains the lonely , isolated signal box , often miles from anywhere , that on a dark winter 's night can conjure up strange happenings and instil fear even in the heart of the most level-headed signalman .
although today these vital units of the railway system are being phased out by the modern fully automated control centres , there still [stays] the lonely , isolated signal box , often miles from anywhere , that on a dark winter 's night can conjure up strange happenings and instil fear even in the heart of the most level-headed signalman .

John later came back to the box and searched around the land round the cabin to look for explanations but no solution presented itself and the mystery remains to this day and defies rational belief .
john later came back to the box and searched around the land round the cabin to look for explanations but no solution presented itself and the mystery [stays] to this day and defies rational belief .

‘ What about any valuables that may be buried with the remains ?
‘ what about any valuables that may be buried with the [stays] ?

There under a wagon was the body of Uncle Albert and clutched in his hand was a plastic bag containing the splintered remains of an animal 's skull …
there under a wagon was the body of uncle albert and clutched in his hand was a plastic bag containing the splintered [stays] of an animal 's skull …

The remains of a table and chair told of more ordered times , spiders were everywhere , a mouse scuttled across the dirt floor startling the younger children who squeaked with fear .
the [stays] of a table and chair told of more ordered times , spiders were everywhere , a mouse scuttled across the dirt floor startling the younger children who squeaked with fear .

The mystery therefore , remains , but it is not the only mystery attached to the Charfield disaster , indeed the one which most concerns us in the context of the strange and uncanny is the riddle of the unclaimed bodies .
the mystery therefore , [stays] , but it is not the only mystery attached to the charfield disaster , indeed the one which most concerns us in the context of the strange and uncanny is the riddle of the unclaimed bodies .

In the aftermath of the accident the bodies of the two children were recovered from the wreckage and laid beside the track with the other bodies of the tragedy , but their charred remains were beyond recognition and were never claimed nor was any connection established between them and the other passengers , and in consequence the two children were never identified .
in the aftermath of the accident the bodies of the two children were recovered from the wreckage and laid beside the track with the other bodies of the tragedy , but their charred [stays] were beyond recognition and were never claimed nor was any connection established between them and the other passengers , and in consequence the two children were never identified .

There is even some doubt in some quarters as to whether in fact the unfortunate children were interred at Charfield , for it was said that an Army vehicle was noticed briefly at the scene of the accident , and it has been suggested that some of the remains , possibly those of the children , were removed amid the general confusion .
there is even some doubt in some quarters as to whether in fact the unfortunate children were interred at charfield , for it was said that an army vehicle was noticed briefly at the scene of the accident , and it has been suggested that some of the [stays] , possibly those of the children , were removed amid the general confusion .

Donna Anna , daughter of the murdered Commendatore , lacks any sense of humour : she is aiming to be a heroine of high drama ; while Donna Elvira , one of Giovanni 's cast-offs , is a genuinely tragic figure : mocked by all and in danger of losing her reason , she remains touchingly faithful to the lover who has abandoned her .
donna anna , daughter of the murdered commendatore , lacks any sense of humour : she is aiming to be a heroine of high drama ; while donna elvira , one of giovanni 's cast-offs , is a genuinely tragic figure : mocked by all and in danger of losing her reason , she [stays] touchingly faithful to the lover who has abandoned her .

The only question that remains is — who is to marry whom ?
the only question that [stays] is — who is to marry whom ?

It remains a superb pièce d'occasion , and is only rarely revived today .
it [stays] a superb pièce d'occasion , and is only rarely revived today .

The short-term outlook on the high street , however , remains gloomy with subdued consumer demand .
the short-term outlook on the high street , however , [stays] gloomy with subdued consumer demand .

Now suppose that the electron 's mass is increased 207 times ( so that it is like a muon ) while it remains subject to the same attractive force holding it around the proton .
now suppose that the electron 's mass is increased 207 times ( so that it is like a muon ) while it [stays] subject to the same attractive force holding it around the proton .

‘ Nothing is known about his associate in the vehicle , who remains unidentified . Your investigations , Mister Cowley , have not led us to any further evidence to confirm or clarify the intentions of these men ? ,
‘ nothing is known about his associate in the vehicle , who [stays] unidentified . your investigations , mister cowley , have not led us to any further evidence to confirm or clarify the intentions of these men ? ,

Lots Of Luck is hard to fancy after disappointing badly at Haydock last time , and Carrolls Marc , although effective over further , remains on a reasonable mark is likely to provide more of a threat .
lots of luck is hard to fancy after disappointing badly at haydock last time , and carrolls marc , although effective over further , [stays] on a reasonable mark is likely to provide more of a threat .

The lineout remains a big headache , although Drikus Hattingh has won good ball at the front and No 8 Adriaan Richter has blossomed as the tour has unfolded .
the lineout [stays] a big headache , although drikus hattingh has won good ball at the front and no 8 adriaan richter has blossomed as the tour has unfolded .

Ferguson had a record £4 million bid for Sheffield Wednesday 's David Hirst rejected this week , but the England striker remains his prime target .
ferguson had a record £4 million bid for sheffield wednesday 's david hirst rejected this week , but the england striker [stays] his prime target .

Ferdie Murphy 's gelding jumped superbly when making all at Newbury and remains well treated .
ferdie murphy 's gelding jumped superbly when making all at newbury and [stays] well treated .

But lurking beneath his great admiration , and moreover gratitude for Gascoigne 's gifts , remains a fear .
but lurking beneath his great admiration , and moreover gratitude for gascoigne 's gifts , [stays] a fear .

Rain fell during the night at Newbury but gusting winds mean the going remains soft , with good to soft patches in the home straight .
rain fell during the night at newbury but gusting winds mean the going [stays] soft , with good to soft patches in the home straight .

Chatam remains reasonably treated on a 12lb higher mark than last year , he acts well on soft ground , is ideally suited by Newbury 's left-handed track , and the weight of ante-post money suggests he will be spot on for his reappearance .
chatam [stays] reasonably treated on a 12lb higher mark than last year , he acts well on soft ground , is ideally suited by newbury 's left-handed track , and the weight of ante-post money suggests he will be spot on for his reappearance .

And the suspicion still remains ..
and the suspicion still [stays] ..

’ But aerobics expert Tee Dobinson from London 's top gym Cannons remains unconvinced .
’ but aerobics expert tee dobinson from london 's top gym cannons [stays] unconvinced .

But the fact remains that in France , where couture is seen as part of the national heritage , there would be questions in parliament before Dior or Chanel foundered .
but the fact [stays] that in france , where couture is seen as part of the national heritage , there would be questions in parliament before dior or chanel foundered .

All that remains is to see how long the honeymoon lasts .
all that [stays] is to see how long the honeymoon lasts .

At 41 , she remains an enigma , her private life far more of a secret than most public figures have managed to maintain .
at 41 , she [stays] an enigma , her private life far more of a secret than most public figures have managed to maintain .

Contrary to such perceptions , the family still remains the biggest single source of care for older people by a very substantial degree ( Means , 1986 ) .
contrary to such perceptions , the family still [stays] the biggest single source of care for older people by a very substantial degree ( means , 1986 ) .

This is what seems to have happened early in the history of the Earth , because the oldest known fossil remains of proteinoid globules are believed to date back about 4 billion years .
this is what seems to have happened early in the history of the earth , because the oldest known fossil [stays] of proteinoid globules are believed to date back about 4 billion years .

Yet a question remains .
yet a question [stays] .

Though it 's fashionable in some quarters to ‘ knock Freud ’ , he remains the yardstick from which others choose to deviate .
though it 's fashionable in some quarters to ‘ knock freud ’ , he [stays] the yardstick from which others choose to deviate .

The status of both parties remains intact .
the status of both parties [stays] intact .

Avoid being preoccupied with procedure ; once the shape of the meeting has been defined you want to move on with your contribution , while being sure that the focus remains clear .
avoid being preoccupied with procedure ; once the shape of the meeting has been defined you want to move on with your contribution , while being sure that the focus [stays] clear .

Grieving father Peter O'Shaughnessy and ex-wife Constance Los want the remains of their son Ryan to rest in separate places .
grieving father peter o'shaughnessy and ex-wife constance los want the [stays] of their son ryan to rest in separate places .

But the old Monique remains forever unclad , sprawled on a tiled floor , in the Matisse painting , Pink Nude .
but the old monique [stays] forever unclad , sprawled on a tiled floor , in the matisse painting , pink nude .

Angalo and Gurder had nestled deep into the rubbish and were gloomily eating the remains of a cold , greasy chip .
angalo and gurder had nestled deep into the rubbish and were gloomily eating the [stays] of a cold , greasy chip .

When a liquid freezes , the molecular character of its surface is not too greatly changed and the energy of the surface remains much the same although the surface tension is no longer able to change the shape of small particles by rounding them off into drops .
when a liquid freezes , the molecular character of its surface is not too greatly changed and the energy of the surface [stays] much the same although the surface tension is no longer able to change the shape of small particles by rounding them off into drops .

When the end of a glass rod is heated in a flame the glass softens and tends to round off into a blob because surface tension remains active long after permanent mechanical resistance to deformation has disappeared .
when the end of a glass rod is heated in a flame the glass softens and tends to round off into a blob because surface tension [stays] active long after permanent mechanical resistance to deformation has disappeared .

teachers ( throwing away the remains of their credibility )
teachers ( throwing away the [stays] of their credibility )

Mr Perren tells me : ‘ By happy coincidence , on the very same day Ruth Prawer Jhabvala was in Bath on a film set too — the Merchant Ivory movie of The Remains Of The Day which she has scripted from the Kazuo Ishiguro novel . ’
mr perren tells me : ‘ by happy coincidence , on the very same day ruth prawer jhabvala was in bath on a film set too — the merchant ivory movie of the [stays] of the day which she has scripted from the kazuo ishiguro novel . ’

Emma Thompson will continue her rise in Remains of the Day and Much Ado About Nothing .
emma thompson will continue her rise in [stays] of the day and much ado about nothing .

One of Marje 's secrets remains — that of her age .
one of marje 's secrets [stays] — that of her age .

Streep grabs the opportunity to mock such concerns with undisguised relish , providing one of the best comic performances of her career , while Hawn seems curiously ill at ease and takes great care to show us she remains in superb bodily nick .
streep grabs the opportunity to mock such concerns with undisguised relish , providing one of the best comic performances of her career , while hawn seems curiously ill at ease and takes great care to show us she [stays] in superb bodily nick .

But the thing that everyone leaves with are memories of a special holiday experience that remains vivid long after the tan has faded .
but the thing that everyone leaves with are memories of a special holiday experience that [stays] vivid long after the tan has faded .

She retains virtual control of her sons , the eldest of whom firmly remains second in line to the throne .
she retains virtual control of her sons , the eldest of whom firmly [stays] second in line to the throne .

He starred in Bitter Moon and will soon be seen in The Remains of the Day .
he starred in bitter moon and will soon be seen in the [stays] of the day .

‘ The system works with the driver and is programmed to ensure the driver remains in control at all times , ’ says a Mazda spokesman .
‘ the system works with the driver and is programmed to ensure the driver [stays] in control at all times , ’ says a mazda spokesman .

Not content to let surgeons perform unguided , she remains conscious to give instructions and read aloud from books of psychoanalysis .
not content to let surgeons perform unguided , she [stays] conscious to give instructions and read aloud from books of psychoanalysis .

But the record shop remains a great place to do a large part of your Christmas shopping , and with a little imagination you can find great gifts without resorting to the obvious Greatest Hits albums or the record token cop-out .
but the record shop [stays] a great place to do a large part of your christmas shopping , and with a little imagination you can find great gifts without resorting to the obvious greatest hits albums or the record token cop-out .

Fergie may well have bought a cut diamond at cut price but how he fits in remains a poser .
fergie may well have bought a cut diamond at cut price but how he fits in [stays] a poser .

Hill-Wood remains philosphical about the club 's disappointing run — ‘ you have good spells and bad spells ’ — and is certainly more optimistic about the club 's chances of winning major honours this season than he was at a similar stage last year .
hill-wood [stays] philosphical about the club 's disappointing run — ‘ you have good spells and bad spells ’ — and is certainly more optimistic about the club 's chances of winning major honours this season than he was at a similar stage last year .

Whether or not this setback represents an equally mortal blow to the Canaries ' title hopes remains to be seen , but manager Mike Walker was not amused .
whether or not this setback represents an equally mortal blow to the canaries ' title hopes [stays] to be seen , but manager mike walker was not amused .

United welcome back Ryan Giggs , but Bryan Robson remains only 50-50 .
united welcome back ryan giggs , but bryan robson [stays] only 50-50 .

He remains reasonably treated when considering his easy success at Ludlow last season , and it is interesting that trainer Tim Forster makes him his banker for the Christmas period .
he [stays] reasonably treated when considering his easy success at ludlow last season , and it is interesting that trainer tim forster makes him his banker for the christmas period .

Paul Milsome , from Ruislip in Middlesex , has been an Arsenal fan for 25 years and remains optimistic that Graham 's renowned iron-will can rescue them .
paul milsome , from ruislip in middlesex , has been an arsenal fan for 25 years and [stays] optimistic that graham 's renowned iron-will can rescue them .

Gifted The mantle of captaincy has never really settled on Azharuddin 's shoulders for while he remains a gifted and wristy batsmen , he is a shy , sensitive person .
gifted the mantle of captaincy has never really settled on azharuddin 's shoulders for while he [stays] a gifted and wristy batsmen , he is a shy , sensitive person .

Andrew , England 's most capped fly-half with 50 , remains first-choice in the eyes of manager Geoff Cooke but Barnes has applied increasing pressure with a string of excellent displays , including last Saturday 's blinder for the Barbarians against Australia .
andrew , england 's most capped fly-half with 50 , [stays] first-choice in the eyes of manager geoff cooke but barnes has applied increasing pressure with a string of excellent displays , including last saturday 's blinder for the barbarians against australia .

The initial ‘ hurt and disappointment ’ that accompanied the realisation that he was no longer wanted at the City Ground , remains fresh in the memory .
the initial ‘ hurt and disappointment ’ that accompanied the realisation that he was no longer wanted at the city ground , [stays] fresh in the memory .

Watched by England manager Geoff Cooke and coach Dick Best , Andrew remains England 's stand-off , with Barnes still the eternal No 2 .
watched by england manager geoff cooke and coach dick best , andrew [stays] england 's stand-off , with barnes still the eternal no 2 .

Arsenal remains a club at which standards and image are still supposed to count for something .
arsenal [stays] a club at which standards and image are still supposed to count for something .

Therefore , when the body turns , the foot remains planted and the knee ligaments are torn .
therefore , when the body turns , the foot [stays] planted and the knee ligaments are torn .

Our source remains adamant that Mr Hoy did say that Channel 7 had been in contact with the Institute .
our source [stays] adamant that mr hoy did say that channel 7 had been in contact with the institute .

This , the Institute stresses , remains a core requirement , but in recognition of the difficulties of separating accounting from auditing experience in many assignments , the two functions have been linked for qualification purposes .
this , the institute stresses , [stays] a core requirement , but in recognition of the difficulties of separating accounting from auditing experience in many assignments , the two functions have been linked for qualification purposes .

But the question remains — is the nation ready for it ? Or will the growth , rapid so far , falter on public apathy or distrust ? The answer has to be mixed .
but the question [stays] — is the nation ready for it ? or will the growth , rapid so far , falter on public apathy or distrust ? the answer has to be mixed .

Quorn remains a fungus and , compared to our continental cousins , the British are notoriously suspicious of fungi and reluctant to eat anything other than the familiar field mushroom .
quorn [stays] a fungus and , compared to our continental cousins , the british are notoriously suspicious of fungi and reluctant to eat anything other than the familiar field mushroom .

International factoring has grown at a faster rate than domestic factoring over the past five years but still remains only a small fraction of domestic business .
international factoring has grown at a faster rate than domestic factoring over the past five years but still [stays] only a small fraction of domestic business .

In India , however , it still remains a living force , playing a prominent role in the lives of millions of people .
in india , however , it still [stays] a living force , playing a prominent role in the lives of millions of people .

Any work of art is a complex vibratory system to which our senses and nervous system respond , and any object such as the sacred wooden boards or Tapundas , or the stone Tjinas of the Aborigines , many of which are inscribed with the serpent motif , or any object that has been submitted to human veneration through actions or desires , remains charged with psychic power that can be transmitted or given off in energetic emanations providing there has been no transformation of the original material used in its creation .
any work of art is a complex vibratory system to which our senses and nervous system respond , and any object such as the sacred wooden boards or tapundas , or the stone tjinas of the aborigines , many of which are inscribed with the serpent motif , or any object that has been submitted to human veneration through actions or desires , [stays] charged with psychic power that can be transmitted or given off in energetic emanations providing there has been no transformation of the original material used in its creation .

The origin of much of the Australian Aboriginal culture still remains a mystery .
the origin of much of the australian aboriginal culture still [stays] a mystery .

The Western mentality — conditioned to regard physical objects as clear-cut and isolated — remains largely unaware that the physical level is only one significant level of reality , obscuring much more than it reveals .
the western mentality — conditioned to regard physical objects as clear-cut and isolated — [stays] largely unaware that the physical level is only one significant level of reality , obscuring much more than it reveals .

In each case the technology itself remains blameless ’
in each case the technology itself [stays] blameless ’

There is a substantial belief in ‘ scientific management ’ in enterprises and although there may be modifications of this basic notion it remains remarkably robust .
there is a substantial belief in ‘ scientific management ’ in enterprises and although there may be modifications of this basic notion it [stays] remarkably robust .

Although there has probably been a long-term decline in serious violence in Europe over the past several centuries , the relationship of this trend to patterns of theft and other property crime , or to broad forces of social change , remains obscure .
although there has probably been a long-term decline in serious violence in europe over the past several centuries , the relationship of this trend to patterns of theft and other property crime , or to broad forces of social change , [stays] obscure .

There remains the possibility that much social protest was expressed indirectly through crime .
there [stays] the possibility that much social protest was expressed indirectly through crime .

Local pleasures and pains may be very much alike in both intensifying awareness and contracting it to themselves ; but the difference remains that pain forces itself on awareness against our spontaneous resistance .
local pleasures and pains may be very much alike in both intensifying awareness and contracting it to themselves ; but the difference [stays] that pain forces itself on awareness against our spontaneous resistance .

Even for those of us who admit that he has made a rational choice on this occasion , it remains surprising that he has benefited so little from experience , that he has never made , or let God or society make for him , any previous decisions on general issues which could be of help to him .
even for those of us who admit that he has made a rational choice on this occasion , it [stays] surprising that he has benefited so little from experience , that he has never made , or let god or society make for him , any previous decisions on general issues which could be of help to him .

There remains a further complication .
there [stays] a further complication .

However , if it is a moral decision rather than mechanical conformism or a prudent surrender to social pressures , the case remains fundamentally as before , but with an added layer ; he now takes account , not only of the effects on his parents but of the damage to the community as a whole of any successful disobedience .
however , if it is a moral decision rather than mechanical conformism or a prudent surrender to social pressures , the case [stays] fundamentally as before , but with an added layer ; he now takes account , not only of the effects on his parents but of the damage to the community as a whole of any successful disobedience .

However , in being always revisable in the light of new information the judgement still remains on a par with acceptance of a historical fact or a law of nature , which likewise never escape the possibility of being discredited by new evidence .
however , in being always revisable in the light of new information the judgement still [stays] on a par with acceptance of a historical fact or a law of nature , which likewise never escape the possibility of being discredited by new evidence .

However , in the world of Orwell 's 1984 there may be people who although sure that the events abolished by official historiography did happen , are not so sure that the experiences treasured in memory keep the value which official propaganda degrades ; they might be happier for the assurance that , in the sense that it remains true that an event happened even if universally forgotten an experience remains good even if in universally shrinking awareness there will never again be anyone capable of appreciating it .
however , in the world of orwell 's 1984 there may be people who although sure that the events abolished by official historiography did happen , are not so sure that the experiences treasured in memory keep the value which official propaganda degrades ; they might be happier for the assurance that , in the sense that it [stays] true that an event happened even if universally forgotten an experience [stays] good even if in universally shrinking awareness there will never again be anyone capable of appreciating it .

The problem , as with inclination in the case of questions of value , is whether reason ever quite lifts itself out of reach of spontaneous analogizations , or whether its function remains limited to organizing , criticizing and choosing between them .
the problem , as with inclination in the case of questions of value , is whether reason ever quite lifts itself out of reach of spontaneous analogizations , or whether its function [stays] limited to organizing , criticizing and choosing between them .

When their last remains had been cleared away , the depôt was leased to a potted meat manufacturer on 29 September 1936 .
when their last [stays] had been cleared away , the depôt was leased to a potted meat manufacturer on 29 september 1936 .

Their remains were dumped on the site at Penhall Road , near Charlton , which London Transport had leased as a graveyard for its tram fleet .
their [stays] were dumped on the site at penhall road , near charlton , which london transport had leased as a graveyard for its tram fleet .

The cast-iron gate posts with the coat of arms have disappeared , but the main structure of the two buildings remains .
the cast-iron gate posts with the coat of arms have disappeared , but the main structure of the two buildings [stays] .

396 was destroyed by a bomb outside Croydon bus garage on 10 May 1941 and its remains dumped in Purley depot , to be officially written off on 30 November 1945 .
396 was destroyed by a bomb outside croydon bus garage on 10 may 1941 and its [stays] dumped in purley depot , to be officially written off on 30 november 1945 .

It remains to be seen if Free State will be able to keep stars like fullback Andre Joubert and centre Pieter Muller .
it [stays] to be seen if free state will be able to keep stars like fullback andre joubert and centre pieter muller .

Interest is paid gross and the account remains exempt from tax provided all capital deposited stays in the account until the fifth anniversary of its opening , along with an amount equal to basic rate tax on all interest credited .
interest is paid gross and the account [stays] exempt from tax provided all capital deposited stays in the account until the fifth anniversary of its opening , along with an amount equal to basic rate tax on all interest credited .

Anti-monopoly regulation is not likely to stop this sort of move : entry remains unrestricted and the business is too small for regulators to intervene .
anti-monopoly regulation is not likely to stop this sort of move : entry [stays] unrestricted and the business is too small for regulators to intervene .

But while the telephone itself remains little more than an instrument for reproducing speech and other sounds at a distance , over the last decade we have seen dramatic growth in the availability and use of computers , modems and fax to transmit documentary and computerised information over the telephone network .
but while the telephone itself [stays] little more than an instrument for reproducing speech and other sounds at a distance , over the last decade we have seen dramatic growth in the availability and use of computers , modems and fax to transmit documentary and computerised information over the telephone network .

With this background , it is hardly surprising that consumer confidence remains close to rock bottom ( see graph below ) and the consensus forecast for consumer spending growth is at +1% for 1993 , compared with -0.2% for 1992 and -2.1% for 1991 .
with this background , it is hardly surprising that consumer confidence [stays] close to rock bottom ( see graph below ) and the consensus forecast for consumer spending growth is at +1% for 1993 , compared with -0.2% for 1992 and -2.1% for 1991 .

In 1964 the Committee adopted its current name and remains the most broadly based and constitutionally ‘ democratic ’ of the Institute 's technical committees . Operating as a standing committee of Council , its membership comprises :
in 1964 the committee adopted its current name and [stays] the most broadly based and constitutionally ‘ democratic ’ of the institute 's technical committees . operating as a standing committee of council , its membership comprises :

Lutz Reinstrom , 44 , later boiled his victims ' remains in an acid bath after the killings in a nuclear bunker in his garden in Hamburg , Germany .
lutz reinstrom , 44 , later boiled his victims ' [stays] in an acid bath after the killings in a nuclear bunker in his garden in hamburg , germany .

Inquests were opened in Britain yesterday into the deaths of the two friends , after their remains were flown home .
inquests were opened in britain yesterday into the deaths of the two friends , after their [stays] were flown home .

His time of 48:52 remains a British Veteran best for 10 miles .
his time of 48:52 [stays] a british veteran best for 10 miles .

Gel remains at the ethical centre of the 1992 range , with a second generation adaptation P-Gel debuting in the Gel Lyte Ultra .
gel [stays] at the ethical centre of the 1992 range , with a second generation adaptation p-gel debuting in the gel lyte ultra .

Some runners oversupinate when the foot remains on the outside edge after heel strike instead of pronating .
some runners oversupinate when the foot [stays] on the outside edge after heel strike instead of pronating .

The response of the established , mature players remains to be seen .
the response of the established , mature players [stays] to be seen .

Fox remains the best tactician in the game here .
fox [stays] the best tactician in the game here .

What it means , eventually , is that a smaller base of committed players will have to shoulder the burdens and , in a country that remains strictly amateur , a coterie of liberal employers will be required to grace the scene .
what it means , eventually , is that a smaller base of committed players will have to shoulder the burdens and , in a country that [stays] strictly amateur , a coterie of liberal employers will be required to grace the scene .

Murray Kidd ( from Auckland ) remains for another season with Garryowen , the All Ireland champions whom he steered to victory last season .
murray kidd ( from auckland ) [stays] for another season with garryowen , the all ireland champions whom he steered to victory last season .

Without this , one remains in prison .
without this , one [stays] in prison .

The best of her was preserved in his memory , ‘ the sea remains the sea ’ , but that was no help to him now .
the best of her was preserved in his memory , ‘ the sea [stays] the sea ’ , but that was no help to him now .

This is intended as a sort of coda to the movie : fade in to scenes of rooms strewn with festive remains , stacked dishes awaiting washing up , some of the more senior party-goers taking a nap .
this is intended as a sort of coda to the movie : fade in to scenes of rooms strewn with festive [stays] , stacked dishes awaiting washing up , some of the more senior party-goers taking a nap .

The figure is close enough to be easily identified and the expressions can clearly be seen , while enough of the background remains visible to place the subject in the setting .
the figure is close enough to be easily identified and the expressions can clearly be seen , while enough of the background [stays] visible to place the subject in the setting .

In making a payment of interest to the lender and a contribution to a life assurance company , the debt remains constant and the borrower is offered the prospect of a maturing policy that will not only repay the mortgage but also provide a lump sum .
in making a payment of interest to the lender and a contribution to a life assurance company , the debt [stays] constant and the borrower is offered the prospect of a maturing policy that will not only repay the mortgage but also provide a lump sum .

The standard rate for balances under £500 remains at 2.5 % a year .
the standard rate for balances under £500 [stays] at 2.5 % a year .

The slump in the housing market has certainly dented the view of house purchase as an investment , but the desire to buy remains strong and the quality and availability of private rental stock continues to be limited .
the slump in the housing market has certainly dented the view of house purchase as an investment , but the desire to buy [stays] strong and the quality and availability of private rental stock continues to be limited .

The criterion for concluding that no significant benefit or risk is retained seems in fact to be that absolutely no benefit or risk remains .
the criterion for concluding that no significant benefit or risk is retained seems in fact to be that absolutely no benefit or risk [stays] .

When this absolute test is not met we are told that significant benefit or risk remains .
when this absolute test is not met we are told that significant benefit or risk [stays] .

It remains to be seen whether the Revenue will seek amendments to the legislation in next year 's Finance Bill .
it [stays] to be seen whether the revenue will seek amendments to the legislation in next year 's finance bill .

It maintains that the amount has already been accounted for and that it remains financially sound .
it maintains that the amount has already been accounted for and that it [stays] financially sound .

He said : ‘ In a dismal year the leasing performance was significantly better than other forms of finance and this indicates that leasing remains the most attractive form of medium-term finance for equipment .
he said : ‘ in a dismal year the leasing performance was significantly better than other forms of finance and this indicates that leasing [stays] the most attractive form of medium-term finance for equipment .

One key reason why leasing remains popular with companies is that it enables them to expand through investment without damaging cash flow .
one key reason why leasing [stays] popular with companies is that it enables them to expand through investment without damaging cash flow .

According to Miles Barber of Barbers Estate Agents ( 071–381 0112 ) , the level of enquiries about French property remains relatively high , although the number of transactions has fallen sharply since the peak of 1989 .
according to miles barber of barbers estate agents ( 071–381 0112 ) , the level of enquiries about french property [stays] relatively high , although the number of transactions has fallen sharply since the peak of 1989 .

Although it remains a popular option , for many organisations it is not without problems .
although it [stays] a popular option , for many organisations it is not without problems .

It remains to be seen how Customs will react to any challenges to its position .
it [stays] to be seen how customs will react to any challenges to its position .

How their defences were organised and their life run remains a mystery — in fact the only significant mention of the burhs is to be found in the Burghal Hidage , a tenth-century taxation list .
how their defences were organised and their life run [stays] a mystery — in fact the only significant mention of the burhs is to be found in the burghal hidage , a tenth-century taxation list .

Unfortunately , we know little of their ‘ customs and dignities ’ , and the extent of their authority remains unclear .
unfortunately , we know little of their ‘ customs and dignities ’ , and the extent of their authority [stays] unclear .

Similarly , only the church of Coombes in the Adur valley remains .
similarly , only the church of coombes in the adur valley [stays] .

Only one certainty remains : in future the great buildings of Sussex would be secular , and a new form of patronage would appear for local artists and craftsmen .
only one certainty [stays] : in future the great buildings of sussex would be secular , and a new form of patronage would appear for local artists and craftsmen .

The enclosure turned the Broyle into the landscape of ploughland bisected by long straight roads that it still remains .
the enclosure turned the broyle into the landscape of ploughland bisected by long straight roads that it still [stays] .

Why he chose to throw his weight behind a man who stood such a slender chance remains unclear .
why he chose to throw his weight behind a man who stood such a slender chance [stays] unclear .

‘ Yet the number of motorists testing positively remains almost eight per cent , the same as last year , ’ Mr Girven said .
‘ yet the number of motorists testing positively [stays] almost eight per cent , the same as last year , ’ mr girven said .

‘ It is essential that the boy remains anonymous , ’ Mrs Jolly said .
‘ it is essential that the boy [stays] anonymous , ’ mrs jolly said .

But just 6ft away , it is claimed dozens of beakers and containers used to mix cleaning liquids , the remains of paint brushes , a paint box and a palette knife , were discovered .
but just 6ft away , it is claimed dozens of beakers and containers used to mix cleaning liquids , the [stays] of paint brushes , a paint box and a palette knife , were discovered .

‘ It remains too early for visitors other than family and very close friends .
‘ it [stays] too early for visitors other than family and very close friends .

‘ Despite living separate lives , Diana remains married to Charles .
‘ despite living separate lives , diana [stays] married to charles .

Mr Morton said : ‘ The fact that the so-called Camilla-gate tapes have not yet been published remains a sword of Damocles hanging over Prince Charles 's head and could certainly damage his position . ’
mr morton said : ‘ the fact that the so-called camilla-gate tapes have not yet been published [stays] a sword of damocles hanging over prince charles 's head and could certainly damage his position . ’

Divorce within a year was ‘ inevitable ’ he added , as Diana is unwilling to spend her life shackled to what little remains of her loveless marriage .
divorce within a year was ‘ inevitable ’ he added , as diana is unwilling to spend her life shackled to what little [stays] of her loveless marriage .

The order of the wedding service remains secret .
the order of the wedding service [stays] secret .

She was buried on New Year 's Day , 1786 , at Catherine Hill ; six years later , predictably , up came her remains to accommodate Joseph Coles , aged 99 ; and up he came , finally , in November 1796 , to allow some space for Hippy Millard .
she was buried on new year 's day , 1786 , at catherine hill ; six years later , predictably , up came her [stays] to accommodate joseph coles , aged 99 ; and up he came , finally , in november 1796 , to allow some space for hippy millard .

It must have been a worrying time for Titfords and Hasteds alike , not to mention the rest of the inhabitants of the densely-populated riverside parishes ; the victims of the killer — or rather the remains — were laid to rest in a corner of St George 's churchyard , while the murderer himself , who eventually committed suicide , was buried with a stake through him at the top of Cannon Street where the newly-built Commercial Road crossed .
it must have been a worrying time for titfords and hasteds alike , not to mention the rest of the inhabitants of the densely-populated riverside parishes ; the victims of the killer — or rather the [stays] — were laid to rest in a corner of st george 's churchyard , while the murderer himself , who eventually committed suicide , was buried with a stake through him at the top of cannon street where the newly-built commercial road crossed .

Scotland remains relatively free of debt difficulties .
scotland [stays] relatively free of debt difficulties .

But the relationship between description and prescription has still to be worked out : the principle of pedagogic accountability remains in force .
but the relationship between description and prescription has still to be worked out : the principle of pedagogic accountability [stays] in force .

It is still regarded as a preconceived construct which incorporates goals for learning , and its relationship with a methodology which activates the immediate process of learning remains as undefined as before .
it is still regarded as a preconceived construct which incorporates goals for learning , and its relationship with a methodology which activates the immediate process of learning [stays] as undefined as before .

‘ Zen equals effort but somehow remains effortless , ’ he says .
‘ zen equals effort but somehow [stays] effortless , ’ he says .

In English and Welsh courts the position remains that defendants are only liable for losses that they have caused and , as Mr Justice Hobhouse put it , the plaintiffs had ‘ failed altogether to prove their case on causation ’ .
in english and welsh courts the position [stays] that defendants are only liable for losses that they have caused and , as mr justice hobhouse put it , the plaintiffs had ‘ failed altogether to prove their case on causation ’ .

the remains of a ruff
the [stays] of a ruff

In his study of poverty in the United Kingdom , Townsend ( 1979 ) argued that the mechanism of inheritance remains an important vehicle for ensuring that the wealthier groups in society maintain their economic position across generations .
in his study of poverty in the united kingdom , townsend ( 1979 ) argued that the mechanism of inheritance [stays] an important vehicle for ensuring that the wealthier groups in society maintain their economic position across generations .

However , it remains possible that people do see the support which they give to elderly relatives as part of a two-way pattern which stretches over time and across generations , and where they themselves will benefit ultimately from the support of someone in a younger generation .
however , it [stays] possible that people do see the support which they give to elderly relatives as part of a two-way pattern which stretches over time and across generations , and where they themselves will benefit ultimately from the support of someone in a younger generation .

It remains to be seen whether these arrangements will continue to make sense in the future .
it [stays] to be seen whether these arrangements will continue to make sense in the future .

Keith Pringle ( ‘ Gender politics ’ , 4 March ) concedes that ‘ most sexual abuse remains undiscovered ’ .
keith pringle ( ‘ gender politics ’ , 4 march ) concedes that ‘ most sexual abuse [stays] undiscovered ’ .

Yet there still remains Peter Golding 's interesting finding : in the past ten years ( through such surveys as have been carried out , which are not many and with no great scientific basis ) , there has been a consistent public appreciation of social work , even though the public has equally consistently held social workers in low esteem , below teachers , doctors , and nurses .
yet there still [stays] peter golding 's interesting finding : in the past ten years ( through such surveys as have been carried out , which are not many and with no great scientific basis ) , there has been a consistent public appreciation of social work , even though the public has equally consistently held social workers in low esteem , below teachers , doctors , and nurses .

Of all the professions , social work remains unregulated .
of all the professions , social work [stays] unregulated .

Social workers should not assume court hearings have removed practical ( as opposed to formal ) responsibility from them : their advice remains crucial .
social workers should not assume court hearings have removed practical ( as opposed to formal ) responsibility from them : their advice [stays] crucial .

The discussion remains largely on the theoretical level .
the discussion [stays] largely on the theoretical level .

Evidently the mountains were much higher in the distant past and these stone runs are the eroded remains .
evidently the mountains were much higher in the distant past and these stone runs are the eroded [stays] .

The remains of several old sailing ships adorn the Stanley waterfront and on some of them rock shags nest along the side decks and in the hawse holes .
the [stays] of several old sailing ships adorn the stanley waterfront and on some of them rock shags nest along the side decks and in the hawse holes .

That it has been populated from prehistoric times is evidenced by the remains of neolithic buildings , mainly on Hirta , the largest island in the group .
that it has been populated from prehistoric times is evidenced by the [stays] of neolithic buildings , mainly on hirta , the largest island in the group .

It is often seen scavenging along the edge of the pack and regularly follows polar bears to feed on the remains of seal kills .
it is often seen scavenging along the edge of the pack and regularly follows polar bears to feed on the [stays] of seal kills .

The next day we spent the forenoon ashore at Smeerenburg looking at the remains of the old Dutch whaling-station , and setting our feet for the first time on the Spitsbergen tundra .
the next day we spent the forenoon ashore at smeerenburg looking at the [stays] of the old dutch whaling-station , and setting our feet for the first time on the spitsbergen tundra .

’ and sure enough , there was a large bear eating what appeared to be the remains of a seal .
’ and sure enough , there was a large bear eating what appeared to be the [stays] of a seal .

It was too far away to make photography worthwhile , but through binoculars we could see that it was trying to cover the remains of its meal by pawing snow over it , and that a group of glaucous and ivory gulls were standing around , no doubt waiting in the hope of leftovers .
it was too far away to make photography worthwhile , but through binoculars we could see that it was trying to cover the [stays] of its meal by pawing snow over it , and that a group of glaucous and ivory gulls were standing around , no doubt waiting in the hope of leftovers .

Recent excavations at an early Holocene archaeological site in the Egyptian Sahara have yielded several thousand carbonized remains of plant foods .
recent excavations at an early holocene archaeological site in the egyptian sahara have yielded several thousand carbonized [stays] of plant foods .

In all the houses , a burned , ashy sediment had been piled up around some of the cooking-holes while they held containers , and this sediment was particularly rich in plant remains .
in all the houses , a burned , ashy sediment had been piled up around some of the cooking-holes while they held containers , and this sediment was particularly rich in plant [stays] .

The existence of a coronal dividing line remains a challenge to our understanding of dynamo mechanisms and coronal heating .
the existence of a coronal dividing line [stays] a challenge to our understanding of dynamo mechanisms and coronal heating .

To test this , we marked the boundaries of the exposed mesenchyme immediately after wounding by applying spots of the lipophilic dye DiI , which , once incorporated , remains confined to the cells that have taken it up .
to test this , we marked the boundaries of the exposed mesenchyme immediately after wounding by applying spots of the lipophilic dye dii , which , once incorporated , [stays] confined to the cells that have taken it up .

This abolishes the component of tension acting at right angles to the cut , while the tangential tension remains , suppressing lamellipodia and provoking formation of an actin cable , which in turn presumably reinforces the tangential tension .
this abolishes the component of tension acting at right angles to the cut , while the tangential tension [stays] , suppressing lamellipodia and provoking formation of an actin cable , which in turn presumably reinforces the tangential tension .

The question of which of these , if any , lie closest to the ancestries of humans and modern apes remains a lively source of debate .
the question of which of these , if any , lie closest to the ancestries of humans and modern apes [stays] a lively source of debate .

Their postcranial remains are little different from those of the afropithecins ( as determined by the Maboko postcrania for the latter ) .
their postcranial [stays] are little different from those of the afropithecins ( as determined by the maboko postcrania for the latter ) .

The kenyapithecins are represented by the humerus from Fort Ternan , undescribed remains from Pasalar and perhaps the Klein Hadersdorf specimens .
the kenyapithecins are represented by the humerus from fort ternan , undescribed [stays] from pasalar and perhaps the klein hadersdorf specimens .

The evidence supporting Sivapithecus- orang-utan relationship has been questioned recently on the basis of new postcranial remains of Sivapithecus .
the evidence supporting sivapithecus- orang-utan relationship has been questioned recently on the basis of new postcranial [stays] of sivapithecus .

But we know very little about the animals which bore these scales and although a few articulated remains have been known for several years , they show very little anatomical detail and it is not easy to identify immediate relatives .
but we know very little about the animals which bore these scales and although a few articulated [stays] have been known for several years , they show very little anatomical detail and it is not easy to identify immediate relatives .

The tail of galeaspids remains poorly known .
the tail of galeaspids [stays] poorly known .

The way in which jaws developed remains unknown .
the way in which jaws developed [stays] unknown .

The geological record does not suggest extended migration of dicynodonts or other Late Permian therapsids ; sites of dicynodont remains within Gondwana are primarily restricted to southern Africa .
the geological record does not suggest extended migration of dicynodonts or other late permian therapsids ; sites of dicynodont [stays] within gondwana are primarily restricted to southern africa .

Distant sites in Asia and Europe where comparable faunal remains have been recorded are unlikely seasonal refuges for dicynodont herds .
distant sites in asia and europe where comparable faunal [stays] have been recorded are unlikely seasonal refuges for dicynodont herds .

Skeletal remains of the earliest ( middle Carnian ) dinosaurs are rare and have been unearthed mostly from the fossiliferous Upper Triassic Ischigualasto Formation in northwestern Argentina .
skeletal [stays] of the earliest ( middle carnian ) dinosaurs are rare and have been unearthed mostly from the fossiliferous upper triassic ischigualasto formation in northwestern argentina .

The reconciliation of this idea with what is known of subsequent evolutionary events remains problematic ( Fig .
the reconciliation of this idea with what is known of subsequent evolutionary events [stays] problematic ( fig .

At least 20 hypotheses have been proposed , and although arguments linking diversification to oxygen levels , predation , faunal provinciality and ocean chemistry all attract support , it is the case that ‘ The emergence of Metazoa remains the salient mystery in the history of life ’ ( p. 17 , ref .
at least 20 hypotheses have been proposed , and although arguments linking diversification to oxygen levels , predation , faunal provinciality and ocean chemistry all attract support , it is the case that ‘ the emergence of metazoa [stays] the salient mystery in the history of life ’ ( p. 17 , ref .

Further preparation of collections of calcareous and phosphatic shelly Cambrian fossils may well produce dividends , and such disarticulated remains that are etched out of the rock should be held up against articulated scleritomes , either actual or hypothesized .
further preparation of collections of calcareous and phosphatic shelly cambrian fossils may well produce dividends , and such disarticulated [stays] that are etched out of the rock should be held up against articulated scleritomes , either actual or hypothesized .

Assuming that the density m of the disrupted cylinder remains constant , h and m can be eliminated from equation ( 5 ) , to give This equation is functionally identical ( differing by only a factor of order unity ) to the analogous equation derived by Zahnle using a wholly different argument .
assuming that the density m of the disrupted cylinder [stays] constant , h and m can be eliminated from equation ( 5 ) , to give this equation is functionally identical ( differing by only a factor of order unity ) to the analogous equation derived by zahnle using a wholly different argument .

We postulate that the alternation of homogeneous gabbro and graded layers is produced by a magma chamber that remains below the critical concentration for substantial periods of time and generates a steady accumulation of crystals on the floor in the cotectic proportions .
we postulate that the alternation of homogeneous gabbro and graded layers is produced by a magma chamber that [stays] below the critical concentration for substantial periods of time and generates a steady accumulation of crystals on the floor in the cotectic proportions .

Whether the principle of stability can be extended beyond the spatial domain in relation to the structure of memory within mental models remains to be established .
whether the principle of stability can be extended beyond the spatial domain in relation to the structure of memory within mental models [stays] to be established .

The search for a black hole at the Galactic Centre remains inconclusive at present .
the search for a black hole at the galactic centre [stays] inconclusive at present .

Evidence that long tails impose viability costs is very limited , yet without this it remains possible that tail elongation has sometimes been driven by natural selection , perhaps because it improves aerodynamic efficiency , manoeuvrability or stability .
evidence that long tails impose viability costs is very limited , yet without this it [stays] possible that tail elongation has sometimes been driven by natural selection , perhaps because it improves aerodynamic efficiency , manoeuvrability or stability .

More subtle Somali thinkers argue that the longer the foreign presence remains , the less power the men of arms will have .
more subtle somali thinkers argue that the longer the foreign presence [stays] , the less power the men of arms will have .

But it remains essential to a stable cash flow .
but it [stays] essential to a stable cash flow .

The impression is reinforced by political outrage at the high pay and perks of the international aid agencies ( Senator Leahy swears that the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development , one of the most lavish , will not get a penny as long as Jacques Attali remains its head ) .
the impression is reinforced by political outrage at the high pay and perks of the international aid agencies ( senator leahy swears that the european bank for reconstruction and development , one of the most lavish , will not get a penny as long as jacques attali [stays] its head ) .

This Cuban decided that his ‘ only health remains in writing ’ .
this cuban decided that his ‘ only health [stays] in writing ’ .

Yet still he remains phenomenally popular .
yet still he [stays] phenomenally popular .

But the conviction too often remains that any extra money in the government pot will somehow find its way into the pockets of the country 's leaders .
but the conviction too often [stays] that any extra money in the government pot will somehow find its way into the pockets of the country 's leaders .

As people went to the polls in the Serb-held city of Banja Luka in northern Bosnia , bulldozers cleared away the remains of two 16th-century mosques blown up the previous week .
as people went to the polls in the serb-held city of banja luka in northern bosnia , bulldozers cleared away the [stays] of two 16th-century mosques blown up the previous week .

The commission remains so weak that it will continue to avoid confrontation with governments .
the commission [stays] so weak that it will continue to avoid confrontation with governments .

There remains the other great source of money from abroad — one in return for which , with a single uncomfortable proviso , Greece needs to do nothing .
there [stays] the other great source of money from abroad — one in return for which , with a single uncomfortable proviso , greece needs to do nothing .

The Turkish Fourth Army , facing Greece , remains undiminished ; it has a fleet of more than 100 landing-craft ; it assiduously practises river crossings .
the turkish fourth army , facing greece , [stays] undiminished ; it has a fleet of more than 100 landing-craft ; it assiduously practises river crossings .

Yet it remains true that , with a few exceptions ( which include anything to do with ships ) , the Greeks are not good at working together in large groups .
yet it [stays] true that , with a few exceptions ( which include anything to do with ships ) , the greeks are not good at working together in large groups .

According to the Bank of England 's latest Quarterly Bulletin , London remains the leading centre for cross-border bank lending , with 17 % of the total .
according to the bank of england 's latest quarterly bulletin , london [stays] the leading centre for cross-border bank lending , with 17 % of the total .

This volume is published as a tribute to the genius and humanity ( borrowing Edmund Burke 's words ) of what remains the most exhaustive enquiry into prison conditions in Europe .
this volume is published as a tribute to the genius and humanity ( borrowing edmund burke 's words ) of what [stays] the most exhaustive enquiry into prison conditions in europe .

In reality , the new prison is built and the old prison remains .
in reality , the new prison is built and the old prison [stays] .

Alexander 's new gaol remains the nucleus of Maidstone Prison today .
alexander 's new gaol [stays] the nucleus of maidstone prison today .

Solid and secret behind a high stone wall it remains a world apart from the crawling traffic which skirts it on the routes out of town .
solid and secret behind a high stone wall it [stays] a world apart from the crawling traffic which skirts it on the routes out of town .

In comparative terms , Britain 's use of imprisonment as a sanction remains high ( Table 1.2 ) and current statistical projections on its continued use remain uniformly gloomy .
in comparative terms , britain 's use of imprisonment as a sanction [stays] high ( table 1.2 ) and current statistical projections on its continued use remain uniformly gloomy .

Food , of course , remains a topic of passionate concern — the focus of minor complaints and disagreements which rumble on for long periods — and outbursts of contentment which are extremely short-lived .
food , of course , [stays] a topic of passionate concern — the focus of minor complaints and disagreements which rumble on for long periods — and outbursts of contentment which are extremely short-lived .

Maidstone has the kind of problems which beset most prisons ; illegal brewing remains a constant problem in which the ingenuity of prisoners is constantly pitted against the watchfulness of staff and the balance shifts constantly .
maidstone has the kind of problems which beset most prisons ; illegal brewing [stays] a constant problem in which the ingenuity of prisoners is constantly pitted against the watchfulness of staff and the balance shifts constantly .

Ultimately , this may be best achieved by transferring full responsibility for prisons from the states to the central government , or , if this remains politically unfeasible , by building more federal prisons as ‘ models ’ for the remainder ( an engine of reform in other countries with a similar federal structure ) .
ultimately , this may be best achieved by transferring full responsibility for prisons from the states to the central government , or , if this [stays] politically unfeasible , by building more federal prisons as ‘ models ’ for the remainder ( an engine of reform in other countries with a similar federal structure ) .

So began the chain of events which ensured that his name remains so widely known , two centuries later , because with the title of High Sheriff came the responsibility for the county gaol .
so began the chain of events which ensured that his name [stays] so widely known , two centuries later , because with the title of high sheriff came the responsibility for the county gaol .

Confidence in an infallible papacy remains here undiminished .
confidence in an infallible papacy [stays] here undiminished .

While this as such simply acknowledges the situation as it is and is followed by a far longer passage relating to the benefits of celibacy for the Western rite , it remains a highly important text because it is the first time a Roman Council or any major Roman document has explicitly accepted and recommended the uniting of priesthood and marriage in a single life .
while this as such simply acknowledges the situation as it is and is followed by a far longer passage relating to the benefits of celibacy for the western rite , it [stays] a highly important text because it is the first time a roman council or any major roman document has explicitly accepted and recommended the uniting of priesthood and marriage in a single life .

It remains significant — perhaps all the more significant — for what it does say .
it [stays] significant — perhaps all the more significant — for what it does say .

On the other main themes of Dei Verbum , Congar 's monumental Tradition and Traditions ( 1966 ) , though finished before the end of the Council , remains unsurpassed .
on the other main themes of dei verbum , congar 's monumental tradition and traditions ( 1966 ) , though finished before the end of the council , [stays] unsurpassed .

Having outlined the key features that have been used to distinguish positivist criminology , in its wider sense , it remains to consider the manner in which they have actually been manifested in the different causal theories that have been proposed .
having outlined the key features that have been used to distinguish positivist criminology , in its wider sense , it [stays] to consider the manner in which they have actually been manifested in the different causal theories that have been proposed .

The incompatibility of justice and correction as penal objectives has long been , and still remains , the major unsolved problem of penal practice and consequently remains a major issue for the correctionalist stance in criminology .
the incompatibility of justice and correction as penal objectives has long been , and still [stays] , the major unsolved problem of penal practice and consequently [stays] a major issue for the correctionalist stance in criminology .

Deviant motivations , for example , are still taken as given ; it is conformity rather than deviance that remains problematic .
deviant motivations , for example , are still taken as given ; it is conformity rather than deviance that [stays] problematic .

What remains at the heart of this conflict is the government 's reluctance to accept that community care is not a cheap option .
what [stays] at the heart of this conflict is the government 's reluctance to accept that community care is not a cheap option .

‘ The fact remains that this thing was in your employ , ’ he said .
‘ the fact [stays] that this thing was in your employ , ’ he said .

And , in a country still technically at war with North Korea , the army remains important .
and , in a country still technically at war with north korea , the army [stays] important .

But as long as this incremental approach remains half-hearted , wholesale abandonment of parts of the city begins to make grim sense .
but as long as this incremental approach [stays] half-hearted , wholesale abandonment of parts of the city begins to make grim sense .

Staff costs amount to 60-80 % of total costs , yet redundancy remains rare .
staff costs amount to 60-80 % of total costs , yet redundancy [stays] rare .

Talk of a double-digit price boom is therefore premature , while the good news remains that house prices will rise in real terms next year .
talk of a double-digit price boom is therefore premature , while the good news [stays] that house prices will rise in real terms next year .

But with the government forced , this week , to remove all reference to the parts of the treaty that deal with workers ' rights , the exact form of what gets ratified remains in doubt .
but with the government forced , this week , to remove all reference to the parts of the treaty that deal with workers ' rights , the exact form of what gets ratified [stays] in doubt .

Even if , as expected , the main Maastricht bill is passed by both houses , probably by the end of July , a separate debate , on whether John Major 's prized opt-out from the treaty 's Social Chapter remains intact , will then take place .
even if , as expected , the main maastricht bill is passed by both houses , probably by the end of july , a separate debate , on whether john major 's prized opt-out from the treaty 's social chapter [stays] intact , will then take place .

One question remains : who should be tested ?
one question [stays] : who should be tested ?

If those that are knocked out have opposite signs , what remains may be close enough to what was expected for the element to ‘ guess ’ what it is supposed to do .
if those that are knocked out have opposite signs , what [stays] may be close enough to what was expected for the element to ‘ guess ’ what it is supposed to do .

This work , which suggest that much still remains to be uncovered in Mexico , is backed up by excavations to the north of the Rio Grande .
this work , which suggest that much still [stays] to be uncovered in mexico , is backed up by excavations to the north of the rio grande .

It would have saved her having to watch this grisly ritual , the burying of her son 's remains .
it would have saved her having to watch this grisly ritual , the burying of her son 's [stays] .

Pandarus , the ‘ pitiful goer-between ’ ( 200 ) , remains in prose , though , here and at their parting ( IV.iv . )
pandarus , the ‘ pitiful goer-between ’ ( 200 ) , [stays] in prose , though , here and at their parting ( iv.iv . )

China remains a repressive place , in fearsome ways and absurd ones — as , last winter , when Beijingers were banned from burning coal in order to reduce pollution during a visit by the International Olympic Committee .
china [stays] a repressive place , in fearsome ways and absurd ones — as , last winter , when beijingers were banned from burning coal in order to reduce pollution during a visit by the international olympic committee .

Mr Paterson is neither psychologist nor novelist , and the personality that dominates these pages remains strangely elusive .
mr paterson is neither psychologist nor novelist , and the personality that dominates these pages [stays] strangely elusive .

The essential financial underpinning of English cricket remains the five-day test match against other cricket-playing countries ; tests still bring in big crowds , and the money they earn helps the financially struggling county teams .
the essential financial underpinning of english cricket [stays] the five-day test match against other cricket-playing countries ; tests still bring in big crowds , and the money they earn helps the financially struggling county teams .

Despite a slight shortage of new ideas , she remains the strongest candidate the Democrats have fielded for some time .
despite a slight shortage of new ideas , she [stays] the strongest candidate the democrats have fielded for some time .

Although the opposition boycotted the subsequent legislative election , in protest at alleged irregularities during the presidential election , Ghana remains the darling of British aid overseers , getting more aid than any other African country except Zimbabwe .
although the opposition boycotted the subsequent legislative election , in protest at alleged irregularities during the presidential election , ghana [stays] the darling of british aid overseers , getting more aid than any other african country except zimbabwe .

But distrust remains strong .
but distrust [stays] strong .

Without a political settlement any truce in Bosnia remains precarious .
without a political settlement any truce in bosnia [stays] precarious .

The liberal regime remains , though rules are tougher now and there are more lawyers about the place .
the liberal regime [stays] , though rules are tougher now and there are more lawyers about the place .

Though the eventual solution remains unclear , it is unlikely that this small corner of electronics can resist an industry-wide trend .
though the eventual solution [stays] unclear , it is unlikely that this small corner of electronics can resist an industry-wide trend .

War remains a fearsome possibility , since Cambodia remains a country with too many soldiers , bearing too many guns .
war [stays] a fearsome possibility , since cambodia [stays] a country with too many soldiers , bearing too many guns .

Opinion polls in Poland show that Ms Suchocka 's standing with the voters remains far higher than with their elected representatives .
opinion polls in poland show that ms suchocka 's standing with the voters [stays] far higher than with their elected representatives .

The argument over who runs the country remains unsettled .
the argument over who runs the country [stays] unsettled .

But corruption , though less widespread than it was , remains part of Bolivian politics .
but corruption , though less widespread than it was , [stays] part of bolivian politics .

Despite the delicate beginnings of economic recovery — too delicate to cheer most Britons — confidence within the Tory party remains low .
despite the delicate beginnings of economic recovery — too delicate to cheer most britons — confidence within the tory party [stays] low .

So the outlook for Japanese banks remains boring at best .
so the outlook for japanese banks [stays] boring at best .

Moreover , the country remains heavily over-banked .
moreover , the country [stays] heavily over-banked .

That danger , known as ‘ rollover risk ’ , remains slight .
that danger , known as ‘ rollover risk ’ , [stays] slight .

Either way , as long as reprocessing plants make plutonium look like a commodity , the risk that the wrong people will buy it remains .
either way , as long as reprocessing plants make plutonium look like a commodity , the risk that the wrong people will buy it [stays] .

Despite this interest in the way families raise their children , there nevertheless remains a fundamental belief that parents have an inviolable right to determine their children 's upbringing independently of outside interference .
despite this interest in the way families raise their children , there nevertheless [stays] a fundamental belief that parents have an inviolable right to determine their children 's upbringing independently of outside interference .

By contrast , the family remains the haven of proper child development .
by contrast , the family [stays] the haven of proper child development .

The analysis of the effects of social policy by interpreting official statistics remains the favourite method of social commentators , despite now extensive evidence that such an approach relies on social indicators which are at best artificially constructed and at worst downright misleading .
the analysis of the effects of social policy by interpreting official statistics [stays] the favourite method of social commentators , despite now extensive evidence that such an approach relies on social indicators which are at best artificially constructed and at worst downright misleading .

Leaving aside for now the question of whether independence is appropriate as the ultimate goal for us all , it is important to recognise the inherent difficulty and contradiction in trying to achieve or work towards independence through a teacher/pupil relationship which remains essentially a dependent one .
leaving aside for now the question of whether independence is appropriate as the ultimate goal for us all , it is important to recognise the inherent difficulty and contradiction in trying to achieve or work towards independence through a teacher/pupil relationship which [stays] essentially a dependent one .

It remains inherently dependent from the client 's point of view .
it [stays] inherently dependent from the client 's point of view .

‘ Success ’ inevitably remains elusive by definition unless the individual escapes the label altogether .
‘ success ’ inevitably [stays] elusive by definition unless the individual escapes the label altogether .

While it remains ( in theory at least ) the prerogative of each agency to decide whether to co-operate with the overall plan , they are at least expected to notify the key worker if they intend to deviate from what has been agreed .
while it [stays] ( in theory at least ) the prerogative of each agency to decide whether to co-operate with the overall plan , they are at least expected to notify the key worker if they intend to deviate from what has been agreed .

The programme remains as a landmark in the creation of the ‘ permissive society ’ and a classic example of the power of television to create and change patterns of thought and behaviour .
the programme [stays] as a landmark in the creation of the ‘ permissive society ’ and a classic example of the power of television to create and change patterns of thought and behaviour .

One fundamental question remains , however .
one fundamental question [stays] , however .

The hypothesis put forward by Gusfield , that it is those people who have experienced status erosion who become committed , remains at least a priori plausible .
the hypothesis put forward by gusfield , that it is those people who have experienced status erosion who become committed , [stays] at least a priori plausible .

The question arose after the Ladies ' Directory case in which Frederick Shaw was convicted of ‘ conspiring to corrupt public morals ’ , and in which one of the Appeal Judges , Lord Simons , had stated that ‘ there remains in the courts a residual power to conserve not only the safety , but also the moral welfare of the State ’ .
the question arose after the ladies ' directory case in which frederick shaw was convicted of ‘ conspiring to corrupt public morals ’ , and in which one of the appeal judges , lord simons , had stated that ‘ there [stays] in the courts a residual power to conserve not only the safety , but also the moral welfare of the state ’ .

Writing about the passage of the Bill through Parliament , Nigel Warner suggests that the net result of the fact that Abse 's Bill merely amended earlier legislation prohibiting homosexual behaviour , rather than repealing it , is that such behaviour remains unlawful , except for the circumstances included in the new Act , and he quotes Norman St John Stevas ' recognition of this fact .
writing about the passage of the bill through parliament , nigel warner suggests that the net result of the fact that abse 's bill merely amended earlier legislation prohibiting homosexual behaviour , rather than repealing it , is that such behaviour [stays] unlawful , except for the circumstances included in the new act , and he quotes norman st john stevas ' recognition of this fact .

The fact remains that any legal regime which lowers the economic incentive for drugs-crime will surely boost drug consumption .
the fact [stays] that any legal regime which lowers the economic incentive for drugs-crime will surely boost drug consumption .

General disarmament was , and remains , a pipedream .
general disarmament was , and [stays] , a pipedream .

Most of France remains loyal to the franc fort — the commitment to keep the currency strong within Europe 's exchange-rate mechanism and to guard against any rise in inflation .
most of france [stays] loyal to the franc fort — the commitment to keep the currency strong within europe 's exchange-rate mechanism and to guard against any rise in inflation .

In some ways , Europe 's 1993 cultural capital remains sadly provincial .
in some ways , europe 's 1993 cultural capital [stays] sadly provincial .

And , despite a lot of political chatter , the state 's hated workers ' compensation scheme still remains unreformed .
and , despite a lot of political chatter , the state 's hated workers ' compensation scheme still [stays] unreformed .

But enforcement has been , and remains , the core of American policy .
but enforcement has been , and [stays] , the core of american policy .

Inflation remains low although , on the back of poor weather in farm districts , wholesale prices went up by 0.6 % in April , their fastest rise since October 1990 .
inflation [stays] low although , on the back of poor weather in farm districts , wholesale prices went up by 0.6 % in april , their fastest rise since october 1990 .

They have no constituents and no party , save their consciences and what remains of their fortunes .
they have no constituents and no party , save their consciences and what [stays] of their fortunes .

The problem remains of how to get the existing parliament to connive at its own demise .
the problem [stays] of how to get the existing parliament to connive at its own demise .

The French government remains committed to the treaty , true .
the french government [stays] committed to the treaty , true .

Whether the region 's liking for liberal trade will last remains to be seen .
whether the region 's liking for liberal trade will last [stays] to be seen .

It remains Britain 's highest-rated credit institution .
it [stays] britain 's highest-rated credit institution .

The Bank of England remains calm .
the bank of england [stays] calm .

And the fact that addiction remains after withdrawal has ended — a fact attested to at Alcoholics Anonymous every day — suggests there is a more general problem to look at .
and the fact that addiction [stays] after withdrawal has ended — a fact attested to at alcoholics anonymous every day — suggests there is a more general problem to look at .

In the meantime , Tretorn remains outside of the group of sponsors which have signed the Ball Pool Sponsors Agreement .
in the meantime , tretorn [stays] outside of the group of sponsors which have signed the ball pool sponsors agreement .

For Monica Seles , the issue of her absence from Wimbledon last year remains the monkey on her back .
for monica seles , the issue of her absence from wimbledon last year [stays] the monkey on her back .

Although the Centre welcomes seniors , the emphasis remains firmly with the 550 plus juniors who attended the club regularly .
although the centre welcomes seniors , the emphasis [stays] firmly with the 550 plus juniors who attended the club regularly .

Base remains in full operational readiness .
base [stays] in full operational readiness .

They were no longer men , just the vestigial remains of what had once been human beings .
they were no longer men , just the vestigial [stays] of what had once been human beings .

Exactly how , and how much , the new legislation in England and Wales will cramp teachers ' style remains to be seen .
exactly how , and how much , the new legislation in england and wales will cramp teachers ' style [stays] to be seen .

The question of covering the lessons for absent colleagues , for instance , remains in some staffrooms a contentious one .
the question of covering the lessons for absent colleagues , for instance , [stays] in some staffrooms a contentious one .

Even if the ethos does permit them to check out how they are doing , it remains unlikely that it will encourage anything more than a superficial sharing of doubts about what they are doing : about the disparity between their hopes for teaching and the effects , or lack of them , that they and their colleagues seem to be achieving .
even if the ethos does permit them to check out how they are doing , it [stays] unlikely that it will encourage anything more than a superficial sharing of doubts about what they are doing : about the disparity between their hopes for teaching and the effects , or lack of them , that they and their colleagues seem to be achieving .

If there remains an insistent voice that keeps telling you there is something ‘ wrong ’ with sleeping twelve hours a day , or reminding you of how much there is to do , turning into a vegetable may not be an effective technique , and something more explosive or cathartic may be required .
if there [stays] an insistent voice that keeps telling you there is something ‘ wrong ’ with sleeping twelve hours a day , or reminding you of how much there is to do , turning into a vegetable may not be an effective technique , and something more explosive or cathartic may be required .

In the course of such a process you may find either that the resentment or anger goes away ( and you realize that you had ‘ got all steamed up over nothing ’ ) , or it does n't , and remains as a clear , persistent and legitimate grievance .
in the course of such a process you may find either that the resentment or anger goes away ( and you realize that you had ‘ got all steamed up over nothing ’ ) , or it does n't , and [stays] as a clear , persistent and legitimate grievance .

Acqua alta ( the chance combination of high tide and strong winds ) therefore remains an emergency for at least the next seven years .
acqua alta ( the chance combination of high tide and strong winds ) therefore [stays] an emergency for at least the next seven years .

It remains to be seen whether in the context of ‘ cohabitation ’ Jacques Sallois , the current incumbent , will be perceived as too close to Lang — he was head of his private office 1981–84 — to serve under a Minister of the Centre Right .
it [stays] to be seen whether in the context of ‘ cohabitation ’ jacques sallois , the current incumbent , will be perceived as too close to lang — he was head of his private office 1981–84 — to serve under a minister of the centre right .

21 , October 1992 , p.17 ) , scientific analysis of pollen and carbon-14 remains have confirmed a palaeolithic date .
21 , october 1992 , p.17 ) , scientific analysis of pollen and carbon-14 [stays] have confirmed a palaeolithic date .

Broodthaers , who was an installationist in the days when such work was still rather uncommon , became a guru to a select handful of French and later American artists — but his work remains , oddly , little known in New York .
broodthaers , who was an installationist in the days when such work was still rather uncommon , became a guru to a select handful of french and later american artists — but his work [stays] , oddly , little known in new york .

Fact remains , they do .
fact [stays] , they do .

The price remains at just £1.49 per 100 gram ball which makes this a very economical Acrylic yarn .
the price [stays] at just £1.49 per 100 gram ball which makes this a very economical acrylic yarn .

The other side lever remains back on the .
the other side lever [stays] back on the .

In Africa there remains the white rhinoceros and the black rhinoceros .
in africa there [stays] the white rhinoceros and the black rhinoceros .

It remains to be seen how a rhino , which takes many years to evolve and which has evolved with a horn , will learn to survive without one .
it [stays] to be seen how a rhino , which takes many years to evolve and which has evolved with a horn , will learn to survive without one .

This difference remains however constantly or quickly a judgement ensues on what the advocates of the theory call a ‘ sensation ’ or ‘ impression , .
this difference [stays] however constantly or quickly a judgement ensues on what the advocates of the theory call a ‘ sensation ’ or ‘ impression , .

What remains to be done is to consider the relevance of what Wittgenstein says to the issues raised earlier in this paper .
what [stays] to be done is to consider the relevance of what wittgenstein says to the issues raised earlier in this paper .

There remains , and probably will always remain , an area of ambiguity , which itself is disturbing in someone of Anselm 's normal lucidity and precision .
there [stays] , and probably will always remain , an area of ambiguity , which itself is disturbing in someone of anselm 's normal lucidity and precision .

The interest which the remains of the Anglo-Saxon past arouse in a modern scholar is an interest in strange and beautiful survivals , in which Lanfranc could see nothing but corruption and lack of learning .
the interest which the [stays] of the anglo-saxon past arouse in a modern scholar is an interest in strange and beautiful survivals , in which lanfranc could see nothing but corruption and lack of learning .

First , no one doubts that papal letters from all the popes to whom the forgeries are attributed existed at Canterbury in 1070 and much earlier : they formed part of the quite substantial archival and literary remains which survived the fire of 1067 .
first , no one doubts that papal letters from all the popes to whom the forgeries are attributed existed at canterbury in 1070 and much earlier : they formed part of the quite substantial archival and literary [stays] which survived the fire of 1067 .

She hurried back down the stairs to find Will mopping up the remains of his soup from the stone-flagged kitchen floor .
she hurried back down the stairs to find will mopping up the [stays] of his soup from the stone-flagged kitchen floor .

At present it is smothered with yellow varnish , and while conservation due to begin at the Rijksmuseum in the Spring will certainly improve it , it remains to be seen how much of the picture can be recovered , and to see if the Rijksmuseum 's money was well spent .
at present it is smothered with yellow varnish , and while conservation due to begin at the rijksmuseum in the spring will certainly improve it , it [stays] to be seen how much of the picture can be recovered , and to see if the rijksmuseum 's money was well spent .

Though his first wife remains a shadowy and rather pathetic figure about whom one longs to know more , there is plenty here on the crowded , ramshackle household and its often hand-to-mouth existence constructed entirely around the demands of the workaholic , temperamental sculptor — the hoarded treasures , the art and music which pervaded the house , the much loved but somewhat casually raised children , the constantly changing and eccentric cast of live-in models , nannies , general factotums , portrait sitters , studio visitors , plaster moulders , musicians , friends and members of the press who were usually given short shrift .
though his first wife [stays] a shadowy and rather pathetic figure about whom one longs to know more , there is plenty here on the crowded , ramshackle household and its often hand-to-mouth existence constructed entirely around the demands of the workaholic , temperamental sculptor — the hoarded treasures , the art and music which pervaded the house , the much loved but somewhat casually raised children , the constantly changing and eccentric cast of live-in models , nannies , general factotums , portrait sitters , studio visitors , plaster moulders , musicians , friends and members of the press who were usually given short shrift .

But , while buying still remains erratic , willingness to consign good , and fresh works has increased .
but , while buying still [stays] erratic , willingness to consign good , and fresh works has increased .

The first comprehensive guidebook to The Roman Remains of Southern France by James Bromwich ( £25 ) is organised in a simple alphabetical format with maps , plans and photographs .
the first comprehensive guidebook to the roman [stays] of southern france by james bromwich ( £25 ) is organised in a simple alphabetical format with maps , plans and photographs .

The road , which is an important link in Rome 's traffic system , was constructed on orders of Mussolini in 1931–32 in the hope that this highway through the remains of classical Rome would enhance his fascist regime with echoes of Imperial grandeur .
the road , which is an important link in rome 's traffic system , was constructed on orders of mussolini in 1931–32 in the hope that this highway through the [stays] of classical rome would enhance his fascist regime with echoes of imperial grandeur .

Opponents of the project to remove the road have been quick to point out that to reunite the expanse of archaeological remains carries a political subtext of cancelling out of one of the most potent symbols of Mussolini 's fascist State .
opponents of the project to remove the road have been quick to point out that to reunite the expanse of archaeological [stays] carries a political subtext of cancelling out of one of the most potent symbols of mussolini 's fascist state .

It remains to be seen whether the archaeologists will win out over the urban planners .
it [stays] to be seen whether the archaeologists will win out over the urban planners .

Despite the above , the market 's view of the company remains positive : ‘ the high 5.5 % dividend yield , continued commitment by top management to global leadership and … a solid backlog of consignments for 1993 ’ are all cited as reasons for inspiring confidence on the New York stock market .
despite the above , the market 's view of the company [stays] positive : ‘ the high 5.5 % dividend yield , continued commitment by top management to global leadership and … a solid backlog of consignments for 1993 ’ are all cited as reasons for inspiring confidence on the new york stock market .

The rather flat results of the autumn sales of nineteenth-century paintings in New York indicated that the market remains somewhat thin , although , as usual , good pictures , attractively priced , nearly always sell , if not for the frequently high estimates given them by the auction houses .
the rather flat results of the autumn sales of nineteenth-century paintings in new york indicated that the market [stays] somewhat thin , although , as usual , good pictures , attractively priced , nearly always sell , if not for the frequently high estimates given them by the auction houses .

Fabrice Hybert still holds the stage at Froment-Putman , while Panamarenko remains chez Catherine and Stephane De Beyrie until the 18th , exhibiting a series of works entitled ‘ Scimitar ’ .
fabrice hybert still holds the stage at froment-putman , while panamarenko [stays] chez catherine and stephane de beyrie until the 18th , exhibiting a series of works entitled ‘ scimitar ’ .

It 's been seven long years since they ran the riot act , but there remains a threatening air of petulance and possibility about their onstage demeanour that throws a star-spangled spanner into the works .
it 's been seven long years since they ran the riot act , but there [stays] a threatening air of petulance and possibility about their onstage demeanour that throws a star-spangled spanner into the works .

Surprisingly , Fear And Loathing In Las Vegas remains unmade .
surprisingly , fear and loathing in las vegas [stays] unmade .

‘ The spirit remains , it 's just the physical communication is not there .
‘ the spirit [stays] , it 's just the physical communication is not there .

The question still remains — will The Hinnies ever be able to order delivery pizza again ?
the question still [stays] — will the hinnies ever be able to order delivery pizza again ?

Thumbing through the trivia section of Number One Hits , it 's obvious everything remains Beatle-oriented .
thumbing through the trivia section of number one hits , it 's obvious everything [stays] beatle-oriented .

Next came the 1960s , perhaps the least Crusoe-like of the post-war decades , when a garnishing of foreign influences , like the fictional devices that decorate John Fowles 's The French Lieutenant 's Woman ( 1969 ) , was sometimes felt to be a fashionable obligation , though it may be significant that Fowles 's novel remains deeply rooted in a realistic tradition .
next came the 1960s , perhaps the least crusoe-like of the post-war decades , when a garnishing of foreign influences , like the fictional devices that decorate john fowles 's the french lieutenant 's woman ( 1969 ) , was sometimes felt to be a fashionable obligation , though it may be significant that fowles 's novel [stays] deeply rooted in a realistic tradition .

But tactical or not , the argument remains striking as a passing diagnosis , if unpersuasive as a programme .
but tactical or not , the argument [stays] striking as a passing diagnosis , if unpersuasive as a programme .

The large dogmatic difference remains .
the large dogmatic difference [stays] .

The flirting remains , perhaps to assure the sophisticated reader that Modernism has been absorbed and transcended , not merely ignored or forgotten .
the flirting [stays] , perhaps to assure the sophisticated reader that modernism has been absorbed and transcended , not merely ignored or forgotten .

It seems worth asking why , though it remains a question hard to answer , and impossible to answer in strictly literary terms .
it seems worth asking why , though it [stays] a question hard to answer , and impossible to answer in strictly literary terms .

But all that is to characterise rather than to explain , and the lofty prestige of universities in the post-war world remains a phenomenon that has still to be convincingly analysed .
but all that is to characterise rather than to explain , and the lofty prestige of universities in the post-war world [stays] a phenomenon that has still to be convincingly analysed .

That intransigence , though ultimately unrealistic , remains impressive in its obstinacy .
that intransigence , though ultimately unrealistic , [stays] impressive in its obstinacy .

The Condition of England , for all that , remains a question in the wider critical polemics of the age .
the condition of england , for all that , [stays] a question in the wider critical polemics of the age .

We know this from their fossil remains .
we know this from their fossil [stays] .

Only one , the Elephantidae , remains .
only one , the elephantidae , [stays] .

Why only bull Asian elephants carry tusks remains a mystery .
why only bull asian elephants carry tusks [stays] a mystery .

These bare poles are all that remains of the jungle that the lake drowned as the waters rose behind the dam .
these bare poles are all that [stays] of the jungle that the lake drowned as the waters rose behind the dam .

It is thought that the very first placental mammals were tiny insectivores , but no fossil evidence of them remains .
it is thought that the very first placental mammals were tiny insectivores , but no fossil evidence of them [stays] .

However , the most dangerous predator remains the same as in Wallace 's day — man .
however , the most dangerous predator [stays] the same as in wallace 's day — man .

Within this group there was and remains great variation in financial status by age , class , and gender .
within this group there was and [stays] great variation in financial status by age , class , and gender .

The fare remains at £16.00 for adults and £10.00 for children giving a bargain day out for Christmas shopping in London .
the fare [stays] at £16.00 for adults and £10.00 for children giving a bargain day out for christmas shopping in london .

There is a small island off the coast just there , with the remains of a broch on it .
there is a small island off the coast just there , with the [stays] of a broch on it .

After tea we walked down through the remains of the garden .
after tea we walked down through the [stays] of the garden .

It suggests the defiant flame that burned so brightly against France and New Zealand in the World Cup remains a significant Canadian strength .
it suggests the defiant flame that burned so brightly against france and new zealand in the world cup [stays] a significant canadian strength .

The Davis Cup remains one of the world 's greatest sporting institutions .
the davis cup [stays] one of the world 's greatest sporting institutions .

Sampras , meanwhile , was planning to talk with Tom 's twin brother , Tim , who has been working with Eliot Teltscher and , although nothing had been settled at the time of writing , Andrew Agassi was looking for a coach who could help him improve what he knows remains a fundamental weakness in his game — his serve .
sampras , meanwhile , was planning to talk with tom 's twin brother , tim , who has been working with eliot teltscher and , although nothing had been settled at the time of writing , andrew agassi was looking for a coach who could help him improve what he knows [stays] a fundamental weakness in his game — his serve .

Suggs ( left ) spies arch loafer and ‘ drained old man ’ Peter Gabriel . Carl remains calm
suggs ( left ) spies arch loafer and ‘ drained old man ’ peter gabriel . carl [stays] calm

Concern remains over the risks travel poses to some of the Barnes paintings .
concern [stays] over the risks travel poses to some of the barnes paintings .

To this pair of eyes Giorgione remains a black hole : Ballarin 's new chronology and most of his attributions seem completely unconvincing .
to this pair of eyes giorgione [stays] a black hole : ballarin 's new chronology and most of his attributions seem completely unconvincing .

Right to reproduce the wax model remains with the sculptor , but his hired hand can reproduce the bronze .
right to reproduce the wax model [stays] with the sculptor , but his hired hand can reproduce the bronze .

All this may lead to a spate of private ‘ gold rush ’ excavations which may well damage whatever remains of this ancient culture underground .
all this may lead to a spate of private ‘ gold rush ’ excavations which may well damage whatever [stays] of this ancient culture underground .

Regarding the lower levels , it now seems that the first-century building was an elaborate Roman house richly decorated with stuccoes and fresco , the remains of which have been published for the first time .
regarding the lower levels , it now seems that the first-century building was an elaborate roman house richly decorated with stuccoes and fresco , the [stays] of which have been published for the first time .

The famous mithraeum was not built from scratch but was adapted from a grotto/nymphaeum , the remains of which are still attached to the present structure to a height of twelve metres .
the famous mithraeum was not built from scratch but was adapted from a grotto/nymphaeum , the [stays] of which are still attached to the present structure to a height of twelve metres .

The depth of Boyd 's research remains one of the great strengths of his books .
the depth of boyd 's research [stays] one of the great strengths of his books .

His touch remains as sure as ever and , obscure though his subject may be , it is another masterpiece from his pen .
his touch [stays] as sure as ever and , obscure though his subject may be , it is another masterpiece from his pen .

As far as Mr Vlnas and the National Gallery are concerned the contract remains legally binding .
as far as mr vlnas and the national gallery are concerned the contract [stays] legally binding .

The main issue — which locations within the Pushkin Museum complex can take the collection and when — remains as yet unresolved , but a number of alternatives are being examined : a former residential building currently under conversion to house the Pushkin 's own exhibitions of modern art , and the site of the former Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels Museum .
the main issue — which locations within the pushkin museum complex can take the collection and when — [stays] as yet unresolved , but a number of alternatives are being examined : a former residential building currently under conversion to house the pushkin 's own exhibitions of modern art , and the site of the former karl marx and friedrich engels museum .

The newly published Annual Report on last season 's excavations by the British School at Rome at San Vincenzo al Volturno , Molise , in Central Italy , gives details of the remains of the apse of the ninth-century Carolingian abbey church of San Vincenzo Maggiore , proving the church to be the largest of its date south of the Alps .
the newly published annual report on last season 's excavations by the british school at rome at san vincenzo al volturno , molise , in central italy , gives details of the [stays] of the apse of the ninth-century carolingian abbey church of san vincenzo maggiore , proving the church to be the largest of its date south of the alps .

Nevertheless our outlook for 1993 remains cautious ’ .
nevertheless our outlook for 1993 [stays] cautious ’ .

The Council still remains the organ with the broadest spread of democratic membership : it is the West European body which perhaps will benefit first from the revolutionary changes or-1989 in Eastern Europe precisely because of its more ‘ bland ’ nature : in 1990 Poland signified its desire to join the Council .
the council still [stays] the organ with the broadest spread of democratic membership : it is the west european body which perhaps will benefit first from the revolutionary changes or-1989 in eastern europe precisely because of its more ‘ bland ’ nature : in 1990 poland signified its desire to join the council .

And our work remains healthy if a sense of achievement is tempered by a constant appetite to explore new problems and ideas .
and our work [stays] healthy if a sense of achievement is tempered by a constant appetite to explore new problems and ideas .

Watercolour washes dry by evaporation , so it is essential that the wash remains in a liquid state long enough for the pigment particles to disperse uniformly .
watercolour washes dry by evaporation , so it is essential that the wash [stays] in a liquid state long enough for the pigment particles to disperse uniformly .

If your memories are stirring uneasily around thoughts of the odious and contemptible graverobbing expedition of a few years back to try and recover Mallory and Irvine 's ‘ camera and other remains ’ , forget it .
if your memories are stirring uneasily around thoughts of the odious and contemptible graverobbing expedition of a few years back to try and recover mallory and irvine 's ‘ camera and other [stays] ’ , forget it .

Remains of one of the shot down Zeros near Pearl Harbor .
[stays] of one of the shot down zeros near pearl harbor .

Iida 's remains were buried the next day .
iida 's [stays] were buried the next day .

This infamous attack , which in planning and execution remains brilliant , sealed the fate for the Japanese which culminated at Hiroshima .
this infamous attack , which in planning and execution [stays] brilliant , sealed the fate for the japanese which culminated at hiroshima .

Many Americans who lived through the war years and remembered quite vividly the virtual hatred and perceived Japanese treachery fuelled during the war probably stiffened at the presented Japanese viewpoint but it remains , for the most part , historically accurate .
many americans who lived through the war years and remembered quite vividly the virtual hatred and perceived japanese treachery fuelled during the war probably stiffened at the presented japanese viewpoint but it [stays] , for the most part , historically accurate .

Twenty-one years after its release the film remains under rated , but is aging well .
twenty-one years after its release the film [stays] under rated , but is aging well .

It remains to be said that perhaps as many again ( and maybe many more ) airframes are still to be found , truly catalogued and , hopefully , salvaged in the vastness of the Pacific area .
it [stays] to be said that perhaps as many again ( and maybe many more ) airframes are still to be found , truly catalogued and , hopefully , salvaged in the vastness of the pacific area .

Yet he so influenced or anticipated what was to come that he remains still the great point of departure for modern Protestant theology .
yet he so influenced or anticipated what was to come that he [stays] still the great point of departure for modern protestant theology .

But in this meeting the absolute difference between the two sides remains : it is not dissolved away in a ‘ coincidence of opposites ’ , an ‘ identity in difference ’ , an ‘ eternal God-man unity ’ .
but in this meeting the absolute difference between the two sides [stays] : it is not dissolved away in a ‘ coincidence of opposites ’ , an ‘ identity in difference ’ , an ‘ eternal god-man unity ’ .

It is , rather , what he terms ‘ the Absolute Paradox ’ , for the absolute difference between God and man remains , even when God becomes man in the incarnation .
it is , rather , what he terms ‘ the absolute paradox ’ , for the absolute difference between god and man [stays] , even when god becomes man in the incarnation .

He can be met , really met , only in the encounter in which we finite creatures of time and history are confronted by the One who is infinite and eternal , and who remains infinite and eternal and ‘ wholly Other ’ than ourselves in that meeting .
he can be met , really met , only in the encounter in which we finite creatures of time and history are confronted by the one who is infinite and eternal , and who [stays] infinite and eternal and ‘ wholly other ’ than ourselves in that meeting .

The implication of this for theology is that if it is really theology , it can only take place as God conveys his own Word to us and enables us to hear it ; but the Word itself always remains his and not ours .
the implication of this for theology is that if it is really theology , it can only take place as god conveys his own word to us and enables us to hear it ; but the word itself always [stays] his and not ours .

Though that image has been defaced by the fall , its form if not its content remains in our essential humanity , our personhood , our reason and our ethical responsibility .
though that image has been defaced by the fall , its form if not its content [stays] in our essential humanity , our personhood , our reason and our ethical responsibility .

If it remains high the undergravel filter bed may not be large enough to cope .
if it [stays] high the undergravel filter bed may not be large enough to cope .

However , this species remains very pretty at whatever stage of development it is seen , and regardless of any variation of colour form .
however , this species [stays] very pretty at whatever stage of development it is seen , and regardless of any variation of colour form .

Even Colin MacInnes remains convinced that music-hall was ‘ an act of working-class self assertion ’ although he concludes his analysis of the music-hall songs with a phrase that should set film historians thinking , for he sees them as a ‘ sort of bastard folk song of an industrial-commercial-imperial age ’ .
even colin macinnes [stays] convinced that music-hall was ‘ an act of working-class self assertion ’ although he concludes his analysis of the music-hall songs with a phrase that should set film historians thinking , for he sees them as a ‘ sort of bastard folk song of an industrial-commercial-imperial age ’ .

It remains to be seen whether the changes were that dramatic , but the new dispensation was certainly to mean that sociological themes and realism generally would be handled with more care .
it [stays] to be seen whether the changes were that dramatic , but the new dispensation was certainly to mean that sociological themes and realism generally would be handled with more care .

William Troy in the Nation was similarly unable to find the right words to explain the greatness of It Happened One Night and he suggested that ‘ a good photoplay , like a good book or a good piece of music , remains always something of a miracle ’ and that ‘ beyond a certain point the mind is forced to bow down before its own inability to unravel and put together again all the parts of the shining and imponderable whole with which it is dealing ’ .
william troy in the nation was similarly unable to find the right words to explain the greatness of it happened one night and he suggested that ‘ a good photoplay , like a good book or a good piece of music , [stays] always something of a miracle ’ and that ‘ beyond a certain point the mind is forced to bow down before its own inability to unravel and put together again all the parts of the shining and imponderable whole with which it is dealing ’ .

Despite the length of time since Bartlett published his work , much of his approach remains unchallenged as a view of the inference process at work in recall .
despite the length of time since bartlett published his work , much of his approach [stays] unchallenged as a view of the inference process at work in recall .

We understand that a code must be invoked in order to handle the grammatical aspect of what one person says , but the question of how we extract information from running speech remains the subject of much debate ( Marslen-Wilson and Welsh , 1978 ) .
we understand that a code must be invoked in order to handle the grammatical aspect of what one person says , but the question of how we extract information from running speech [stays] the subject of much debate ( marslen-wilson and welsh , 1978 ) .

But today there are decorative paints and protective coatings which can ensure that your house remains dry under the most severe weather conditions .
but today there are decorative paints and protective coatings which can ensure that your house [stays] dry under the most severe weather conditions .

To do this , first clean the plaque with a grease-removing powder , and ensure that no grease remains on the surface .
to do this , first clean the plaque with a grease-removing powder , and ensure that no grease [stays] on the surface .

It saves throwing away the remains of a large bag of cement , too .
it saves throwing away the [stays] of a large bag of cement , too .

The fall-out from Tyndale remains .
the fall-out from tyndale [stays] .

The ability to organise a classroom , a group or an individual child , to structure experience so that learning not only occurs at the moment of teaching but remains ; the sensitivity to perceive the world from a child 's perspective , the understanding to build for tomorrow upon the child 's present , and to know and appreciate a child 's weaknesses and strengths — these are the skills which are the basis for a teacher 's claim to ‘ professionalism ’ .
the ability to organise a classroom , a group or an individual child , to structure experience so that learning not only occurs at the moment of teaching but [stays] ; the sensitivity to perceive the world from a child 's perspective , the understanding to build for tomorrow upon the child 's present , and to know and appreciate a child 's weaknesses and strengths — these are the skills which are the basis for a teacher 's claim to ‘ professionalism ’ .

The dilemma of how to train teachers , which this recipe poses , remains today .
the dilemma of how to train teachers , which this recipe poses , [stays] today .

The sorry thing about teacher training is that it remains within such a restricting framework .
the sorry thing about teacher training is that it [stays] within such a restricting framework .

The tune remains the same .
the tune [stays] the same .

More recently , in the third wave of technology the man has been removed from the responsibility for continuous control ( this is best done by computers working to a moderately flexible range of programs ) but he remains as the monitor of the system performance and a selector of the appropriate program determined by the changing short-term objectives .
more recently , in the third wave of technology the man has been removed from the responsibility for continuous control ( this is best done by computers working to a moderately flexible range of programs ) but he [stays] as the monitor of the system performance and a selector of the appropriate program determined by the changing short-term objectives .

Supervisory control is by no means universal , in fact it remains restricted to high technology systems such as aircraft , computer controlled machine tools , chemical plants and power stations .
supervisory control is by no means universal , in fact it [stays] restricted to high technology systems such as aircraft , computer controlled machine tools , chemical plants and power stations .

Economically it remains true that it is inordinately expensive to construct a system which must continue to be reliable without direct human intervention , for example under the sea or in space .
economically it [stays] true that it is inordinately expensive to construct a system which must continue to be reliable without direct human intervention , for example under the sea or in space .

Technically the state of the art seems to be that systems are most efficient , reliable and safe when control is largely automatic but the human operator remains in a monitoring and supervisory role .
technically the state of the art seems to be that systems are most efficient , reliable and safe when control is largely automatic but the human operator [stays] in a monitoring and supervisory role .

Sometimes this relationship is fairly close ; for example , in the nervous system , the endocrine system , the digestive system and so on , and sometimes it remains almost entirely unknown , for example , the perceptual system and the decision-making system .
sometimes this relationship is fairly close ; for example , in the nervous system , the endocrine system , the digestive system and so on , and sometimes it [stays] almost entirely unknown , for example , the perceptual system and the decision-making system .

Systems theory is a useful way of identifying complex entities , particularly those which have a functional unity and of talking about relationships but it remains at some level of abstraction from reality .
systems theory is a useful way of identifying complex entities , particularly those which have a functional unity and of talking about relationships but it [stays] at some level of abstraction from reality .

The techniques just described are no more than guidelines in what remains the creative art of studying and describing what an experienced worker is doing or will be required to do .
the techniques just described are no more than guidelines in what [stays] the creative art of studying and describing what an experienced worker is doing or will be required to do .

The first does attempt to obtain a value , the second remains essentially a cost and not a value .
the first does attempt to obtain a value , the second [stays] essentially a cost and not a value .

Human resources should be fundamental to subjects such as ergonomics which are essentially people-centred but the concept remains procedurally undeveloped at any level from a continent through countries , regions and companies down to particular working systems .
human resources should be fundamental to subjects such as ergonomics which are essentially people-centred but the concept [stays] procedurally undeveloped at any level from a continent through countries , regions and companies down to particular working systems .

Nevertheless , the relevant action remains important and the knowledge provided should be carefully and stringently selected .
nevertheless , the relevant action [stays] important and the knowledge provided should be carefully and stringently selected .

With two-dimensional representations such as maps it remains important to avoid too much homogeneity and provide substructure in the form of main roads and key buildings or other features such as rivers . See , for example , Fig. 5.3
with two-dimensional representations such as maps it [stays] important to avoid too much homogeneity and provide substructure in the form of main roads and key buildings or other features such as rivers . see , for example , fig. 5.3

Even so , it remains true that the performance of the individual is a function of the way he developed skills in his earlier more formative years and the way in which his capacities and skills are still changing in the work environment .
even so , it [stays] true that the performance of the individual is a function of the way he developed skills in his earlier more formative years and the way in which his capacities and skills are still changing in the work environment .

One is a track side scene : five white runners and two black limbering up , shrugging shoulders , stretching legs and trying desperately to loosen up in an intensifying ambience ; sitting on the grass some way away from the main group is a black guy awaiting his call to marks ; while the others shuffle about nervously , he remains casually sitting , seemingly unoccupied with the imminent race as he nonchalantly sharpens the spikes of his running shoes with a nail file .
one is a track side scene : five white runners and two black limbering up , shrugging shoulders , stretching legs and trying desperately to loosen up in an intensifying ambience ; sitting on the grass some way away from the main group is a black guy awaiting his call to marks ; while the others shuffle about nervously , he [stays] casually sitting , seemingly unoccupied with the imminent race as he nonchalantly sharpens the spikes of his running shoes with a nail file .

What remains missing , therefore , are the processes compelling some to take up sport and others not to .
what [stays] missing , therefore , are the processes compelling some to take up sport and others not to .

It all remains rather vague and some clarity should come from an examination of the actual backgrounds and domestic circumstances of black youth in sport .
it all [stays] rather vague and some clarity should come from an examination of the actual backgrounds and domestic circumstances of black youth in sport .

Now it remains to focus on the circumstances which promote the youth 's interests and involvements in sport .
now it [stays] to focus on the circumstances which promote the youth 's interests and involvements in sport .

Although not far short of 30 years old , written in social and educational circumstances far different from those that prevail now , and in response to specific problems that no longer have a major place on the agenda for schooling , its basic message remains inspirational .
although not far short of 30 years old , written in social and educational circumstances far different from those that prevail now , and in response to specific problems that no longer have a major place on the agenda for schooling , its basic message [stays] inspirational .

There are clearly far more women teachers than black teachers , some in influential positions , yet promotion remains limited and the working environment is controlled by men .
there are clearly far more women teachers than black teachers , some in influential positions , yet promotion [stays] limited and the working environment is controlled by men .

The adventurers might have to find some information in Castle Drachenfels to enable them to track down the location of Ghal-Maraz , or they might have to ensure that the Great Enchanter remains safely dead and does n't enter the fray .
the adventurers might have to find some information in castle drachenfels to enable them to track down the location of ghal-maraz , or they might have to ensure that the great enchanter [stays] safely dead and does n't enter the fray .

Souls and — worse — the remains of souls thronged the Castle as flies swarm around a carcass .
souls and — worse — the [stays] of souls thronged the castle as flies swarm around a carcass .

Sitting on a rock , arguing over the remains of a goat , are three Ogres — if there are such things as especially stupid Ogres , it 's these three .
sitting on a rock , arguing over the [stays] of a goat , are three ogres — if there are such things as especially stupid ogres , it 's these three .

Anyone who inspects the cobbles closely will find , if he makes a successful Int test ( Physician or Physician 's Student +10 ) that the greasiness is due to many small gobbets of what looks very like the remains of human fat .
anyone who inspects the cobbles closely will find , if he makes a successful int test ( physician or physician 's student +10 ) that the greasiness is due to many small gobbets of what looks very like the [stays] of human fat .

Tucked away in small crevices can be found other , more suggestive and recognisable human remains .
tucked away in small crevices can be found other , more suggestive and recognisable human [stays] .

Tethered to one wall by the gatehouse are the remains of a mule .
tethered to one wall by the gatehouse are the [stays] of a mule .

In chambers 1a and 1b there are some rotted wooden chairs and tables , a couple of quivers of crossbow bolts and a heap of human bones : the inanimate remains of the Skeletons which once guarded this place .
in chambers 1a and 1b there are some rotted wooden chairs and tables , a couple of quivers of crossbow bolts and a heap of human bones : the inanimate [stays] of the skeletons which once guarded this place .

In the cellar are six Skeletons manacled around a half-collapsed wooden table piled high with the desiccated and thoroughly foul remains of a meal set out on silver serving plates ( worth 5 GCs in total ) .
in the cellar are six skeletons manacled around a half-collapsed wooden table piled high with the desiccated and thoroughly foul [stays] of a meal set out on silver serving plates ( worth 5 gcs in total ) .

These are the remains of unfortunate wretches driven to kill themselves in a futile attempt to escape the torments of the Castle .
these are the [stays] of unfortunate wretches driven to kill themselves in a futile attempt to escape the torments of the castle .

This chamber is also unnaturally cold ; anyone who remains in it for one complete turn will take an automatic Wound unless they have some magical protection against cold .
this chamber is also unnaturally cold ; anyone who [stays] in it for one complete turn will take an automatic wound unless they have some magical protection against cold .

Around a richly decorated dining table , the remains of Drachenfels ' royal and aristocratic dupes sit .
around a richly decorated dining table , the [stays] of drachenfels ' royal and aristocratic dupes sit .

The eyes in his skull-like face have long sunk into their sockets , and the rotted remains of a few teeth share his fetid mouth with a blackened , slightly forked tongue .
the eyes in his skull-like face have long sunk into their sockets , and the rotted [stays] of a few teeth share his fetid mouth with a blackened , slightly forked tongue .

If all the adventurers pass beyond the door at the foot of the stairs , it closes and remains firmly locked .
if all the adventurers pass beyond the door at the foot of the stairs , it closes and [stays] firmly locked .

Images , feelings and emotions are drained down the cords and into the hands of the Great Enchanter , who crushes them into a frail stream of dust , all that remains of the soul .
images , feelings and emotions are drained down the cords and into the hands of the great enchanter , who crushes them into a frail stream of dust , all that [stays] of the soul .

Whatever the ultimate objectives , the fact remains that a good deal of the existing work within the comparative industrial relations field , although often rich and insightful , has not so far been explicitly theoretical in either its purpose or method ( Shalev , 1980a ) .
whatever the ultimate objectives , the fact [stays] that a good deal of the existing work within the comparative industrial relations field , although often rich and insightful , has not so far been explicitly theoretical in either its purpose or method ( shalev , 1980a ) .

This may help to explain why in models of the historical determinants of trade union growth which concentrate solely upon economic variables up to 30 per cent of membership growth typically remains unexplained .
this may help to explain why in models of the historical determinants of trade union growth which concentrate solely upon economic variables up to 30 per cent of membership growth typically [stays] unexplained .

Although it is true that the legal provisions are mostly protective minimum standards which can be improved upon via collective bargaining , the fact remains that collective bargaining itself does not have the same range as might be the case if legal provisions were fewer ( Blanpain , 1982a ) .
although it is true that the legal provisions are mostly protective minimum standards which can be improved upon via collective bargaining , the fact [stays] that collective bargaining itself does not have the same range as might be the case if legal provisions were fewer ( blanpain , 1982a ) .

( Collective bargaining in the public sector in Japan , however , remains more underdeveloped and problematic . )
( collective bargaining in the public sector in japan , however , [stays] more underdeveloped and problematic . )

The actual negotiations are still carded out by the various enterprise unions themselves and the role of the national union federations remains very limited .
the actual negotiations are still carded out by the various enterprise unions themselves and the role of the national union federations [stays] very limited .

It none the less remains true that there existed within the late seventeenth-century church a group of churchmen who adopted a tolerant approach towards dissent , were willing to respond to the discoveries of the early natural scientists , and were interested in the relationship between religious belief and reason .
it none the less [stays] true that there existed within the late seventeenth-century church a group of churchmen who adopted a tolerant approach towards dissent , were willing to respond to the discoveries of the early natural scientists , and were interested in the relationship between religious belief and reason .

Severed human limbs , heads and trunks lay scattered over a wide area ; other human remains , accompanied by tattered shreds of uniform , hung grotesquely from the remaining tree branches .
severed human limbs , heads and trunks lay scattered over a wide area ; other human [stays] , accompanied by tattered shreds of uniform , hung grotesquely from the remaining tree branches .

Until Christ 's return it remains enemy territory .
until christ 's return it [stays] enemy territory .

Despite the fact that religious influence declines throughout the nineteenth century ( in the fields of work , welfare , education and government ) , and social disharmony increases as the gap between the poor and rich widens , the century remains essentially one of optimism .
despite the fact that religious influence declines throughout the nineteenth century ( in the fields of work , welfare , education and government ) , and social disharmony increases as the gap between the poor and rich widens , the century [stays] essentially one of optimism .

But it remains to be seen whether this will exacerbate chronic unemployment or solve it .
but it [stays] to be seen whether this will exacerbate chronic unemployment or solve it .

How many of these telephones were installed remains unknown , but after the revolution many Romanians who had telephones ( a small minority of the population , of course ) ripped open their own apparatus to find the hidden microphones .
how many of these telephones were installed [stays] unknown , but after the revolution many romanians who had telephones ( a small minority of the population , of course ) ripped open their own apparatus to find the hidden microphones .

Although nobody dared suggest to Ceauşescu that he might be mortal or that the victory of socialism might not be permanent , the new Civic Centre in Bucharest had the air of being constructed as a vast set of archaeological remains , whose scale and purpose would baffle future generations like the lost pyramid-cities of the Guatemalan jungle .
although nobody dared suggest to ceauşescu that he might be mortal or that the victory of socialism might not be permanent , the new civic centre in bucharest had the air of being constructed as a vast set of archaeological [stays] , whose scale and purpose would baffle future generations like the lost pyramid-cities of the guatemalan jungle .

It was in fact going to be a ‘ complex ’ process , since it would require ‘ permanent , steady and patient activity to delete from people 's minds the remains of the past , the obsolete conceptions , mentalities and customs , and to cultivate a new attitude towards work , life and society .
it was in fact going to be a ‘ complex ’ process , since it would require ‘ permanent , steady and patient activity to delete from people 's minds the [stays] of the past , the obsolete conceptions , mentalities and customs , and to cultivate a new attitude towards work , life and society .

The churches were usually brick built , and even when their walls did not crack and warp under the impact of the process , there remains , according to Romanian architects , the threat that their very bricks could crumble within a few years .
the churches were usually brick built , and even when their walls did not crack and warp under the impact of the process , there [stays] , according to romanian architects , the threat that their very bricks could crumble within a few years .

The official report on the 1977 survey , for the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System , concluded from analysis of the awareness and experience of some 2,500 shoppers that ‘ the ability to use percentage rates to calculate dollar finance charges remains relatively uncommon , .
the official report on the 1977 survey , for the board of governors of the federal reserve system , concluded from analysis of the awareness and experience of some 2,500 shoppers that ‘ the ability to use percentage rates to calculate dollar finance charges [stays] relatively uncommon , .

Now , ten years later , the discovery of a body among the pinnacles and much lower on the ridge , the battered remains of a tent contain a handwritten notebook , promise to throw new light on the deaths of two of Britain 's most talented post-war mountaineers .
now , ten years later , the discovery of a body among the pinnacles and much lower on the ridge , the battered [stays] of a tent contain a handwritten notebook , promise to throw new light on the deaths of two of britain 's most talented post-war mountaineers .

What is clear is that some — if not all — of the equipment found in the remains of the tent was probably left by Bonington who intended , during his retreat , to go back up to the highest camp .
what is clear is that some — if not all — of the equipment found in the [stays] of the tent was probably left by bonington who intended , during his retreat , to go back up to the highest camp .

The description of the jacket on the body also confirms its tentative identification as one of the two climbers , although a question mark remains over its colour — yellow rather than the red suits Boardman and Tasker were pictured wearing .
the description of the jacket on the body also confirms its tentative identification as one of the two climbers , although a question mark [stays] over its colour — yellow rather than the red suits boardman and tasker were pictured wearing .

Despite its ease of access this remains a wild place , and one of many moods .
despite its ease of access this [stays] a wild place , and one of many moods .

The kind of place where dark deeds in the name of history have been committed in the past and where a mysterious brooding quality remains .
the kind of place where dark deeds in the name of history have been committed in the past and where a mysterious brooding quality [stays] .

This was the turning-point at the hotel , and with grenades and tommy-gun fire Corporal White led the remains of No.4 Troop and a few Norwegians into the blazing building .
this was the turning-point at the hotel , and with grenades and tommy-gun fire corporal white led the [stays] of no.4 troop and a few norwegians into the blazing building .

Our house was built in the fifties and the original galvanised cistern remains . How long will it last and what should we replace it with ?
our house was built in the fifties and the original galvanised cistern [stays] . how long will it last and what should we replace it with ?

My brother-in-law had decided to improve his existing pit , a pitiful sight indeed , resembling the remains of a Roman earth closet , and he 'd rallied round his closest relatives for some helpful muscle .
my brother-in-law had decided to improve his existing pit , a pitiful sight indeed , resembling the [stays] of a roman earth closet , and he 'd rallied round his closest relatives for some helpful muscle .

In Christ all things have become new , and yet everything remains as it was from the beginning … ’ ( Niebuhr 1951:156 , 157 ) .
in christ all things have become new , and yet everything [stays] as it was from the beginning … ’ ( niebuhr 1951:156 , 157 ) .

While culture remains under the judgment of God it is also subject to his saving rule .
while culture [stays] under the judgment of god it is also subject to his saving rule .

Furthermore , despite the diversities of cultures there remains a great deal of commonality .
furthermore , despite the diversities of cultures there [stays] a great deal of commonality .

Indeed , if it remains in isolation , it can not reflect the universality and diversity of the Body of Christ .
indeed , if it [stays] in isolation , it can not reflect the universality and diversity of the body of christ .

There is rarely any real interest in fashion now , but it is heartening when some individuality of style and presence remains , and the frumpish ‘ old lady ’ image is avoided .
there is rarely any real interest in fashion now , but it is heartening when some individuality of style and presence [stays] , and the frumpish ‘ old lady ’ image is avoided .

His work remains largely in the hands of private collectors , and has so far escaped the reassessment and appreciation give to fellow Cubists Picasso , Braque and Leger in recent years .
his work [stays] largely in the hands of private collectors , and has so far escaped the reassessment and appreciation give to fellow cubists picasso , braque and leger in recent years .

Nevertheless , Ramsay 's consummate sense of pictorial design remains as powerful as ever .
nevertheless , ramsay 's consummate sense of pictorial design [stays] as powerful as ever .

For Jacqueline , as for all artists , it is the work itself that remains the point of departure and intrigue .
for jacqueline , as for all artists , it is the work itself that [stays] the point of departure and intrigue .

In essence this is an acrylic paint which remains watersoluble when dry .
in essence this is an acrylic paint which [stays] watersoluble when dry .

10.7.10 The rights and licences hereby granted or agreed to be granted to a Non-academic Party pursuant to Clauses 10.7.2 b to 10.7.6 shall be exercisable on identical terms by any Related company of that Party for so long as it remains such , subject to the obtaining from such companies of suitable undertakings as to confidence and delivery up .
10.7.10 the rights and licences hereby granted or agreed to be granted to a non-academic party pursuant to clauses 10.7.2 b to 10.7.6 shall be exercisable on identical terms by any related company of that party for so long as it [stays] such , subject to the obtaining from such companies of suitable undertakings as to confidence and delivery up .

However , the rights in all of the components of 's original work that was not provided to by , including but not limited to , curricular text , sound , graphics , screen design and layout incorporated in the Licensed Products remains with .
however , the rights in all of the components of 's original work that was not provided to by , including but not limited to , curricular text , sound , graphics , screen design and layout incorporated in the licensed products [stays] with .

The precise nature of the impact of the first world war on the fortunes of the Labour Party remains open to debate . In the standard account of the party 's growth into a modern political organisation over the period 1910–24 , McKibbin ( 1974 ) concludes that the war was not of first importance to its ultimate rise to power :
the precise nature of the impact of the first world war on the fortunes of the labour party [stays] open to debate . in the standard account of the party 's growth into a modern political organisation over the period 1910–24 , mckibbin ( 1974 ) concludes that the war was not of first importance to its ultimate rise to power :

Although disputes continue over detail , there remains a persuasive logic to its arguments , paralleling that which it accords to the growth of the party .
although disputes continue over detail , there [stays] a persuasive logic to its arguments , paralleling that which it accords to the growth of the party .

All that remains is to wrap the covering material round and glue it down to the boards .
all that [stays] is to wrap the covering material round and glue it down to the boards .

Some other copies have emerged since , but it remains very scarce indeed .
some other copies have emerged since , but it [stays] very scarce indeed .

The situation there remains very unstable .
the situation there [stays] very unstable .

The concept of ideal types remains controversial and quite difficult to grasp .
the concept of ideal types [stays] controversial and quite difficult to grasp .

Even for Marxists committed to maintaining this theory , Marx 's derivation of the falling rate of profit remains controversial ( see p. 259 ) .
even for marxists committed to maintaining this theory , marx 's derivation of the falling rate of profit [stays] controversial ( see p. 259 ) .

Whether Marxists have moral values or ethics remains very controversial ( Lukes , 1985 ) .
whether marxists have moral values or ethics [stays] very controversial ( lukes , 1985 ) .

In principle the question of whether a liberal democratic state can be used constitutionally to transform capitalism into socialism remains empirically open ( depending upon the definition of socialism adopted ) , with some Marxists arguing the impossibility of such a solution ( Przeworski , 1985 ) , and others that it is both feasible and welcome ( Esping-Anderson , 1985 ) .
in principle the question of whether a liberal democratic state can be used constitutionally to transform capitalism into socialism [stays] empirically open ( depending upon the definition of socialism adopted ) , with some marxists arguing the impossibility of such a solution ( przeworski , 1985 ) , and others that it is both feasible and welcome ( esping-anderson , 1985 ) .

But no attempt to dismantle radically the fabric of state regulation or public service provision has yet been pushed through in any liberal democracy , so that the public policy configuration now remains quite distinct from that prevailing before 1945 .
but no attempt to dismantle radically the fabric of state regulation or public service provision has yet been pushed through in any liberal democracy , so that the public policy configuration now [stays] quite distinct from that prevailing before 1945 .

Similarly O'Connor ( 1973 , p. 78 ) argues that the American executive branch remains independent of particular class interests , and serve the interests of monopoly capital as a whole .
similarly o'connor ( 1973 , p. 78 ) argues that the american executive branch [stays] independent of particular class interests , and serve the interests of monopoly capital as a whole .

Nevertheless , despite the wide variety of motives which led individuals to become fascists , it remains true that the hierarchical and authoritarian structure of the movement gave additional weight to the official ideology and explanation of events .
nevertheless , despite the wide variety of motives which led individuals to become fascists , it [stays] true that the hierarchical and authoritarian structure of the movement gave additional weight to the official ideology and explanation of events .

Although Durkheim remains less well-known popularly than Marx , his ideas have exerted a greater formative influence in the development of anthropological ( and sociological ) theory .
although durkheim [stays] less well-known popularly than marx , his ideas have exerted a greater formative influence in the development of anthropological ( and sociological ) theory .

He introduced the term structure to emphasize that social life must be founded upon an orderly , organized basis , a determinate framework of positions , roles and expectations which remains constant over considerable periods of time .
he introduced the term structure to emphasize that social life must be founded upon an orderly , organized basis , a determinate framework of positions , roles and expectations which [stays] constant over considerable periods of time .

This is the approach known as diffusionism , which remains part of the basic methodology of archaeologists and to some extent of historians .
this is the approach known as diffusionism , which [stays] part of the basic methodology of archaeologists and to some extent of historians .

There remains the more fundamental question of why it should befall a particular person at a particular time and place .
there [stays] the more fundamental question of why it should befall a particular person at a particular time and place .

However attractive its revamped image may appear to those disillusioned by the inadequacies of western scientific rationalism , the stereotype of the totally mystical tribesman remains as misleading and inaccurate as ever .
however attractive its revamped image may appear to those disillusioned by the inadequacies of western scientific rationalism , the stereotype of the totally mystical tribesman [stays] as misleading and inaccurate as ever .

Paul O'Grady remains chairman of Micro Focus Plc and Brian Reynolds a director , but the Coboller has set up a four-man management committee to act as its chief executive : the committee will consist of John Beggs , who has become president of worldwide sales after the creation of a single sales force , Paul Adams , the new president of products and business development , Bob Connors , who becomes chief operating officer and Ron Forbes , who remains chief finance and administrative officer , the company said .
paul o'grady [stays] chairman of micro focus plc and brian reynolds a director , but the coboller has set up a four-man management committee to act as its chief executive : the committee will consist of john beggs , who has become president of worldwide sales after the creation of a single sales force , paul adams , the new president of products and business development , bob connors , who becomes chief operating officer and ron forbes , who [stays] chief finance and administrative officer , the company said .

But it remains problematic whether the utilitarian should condemn as wrong all actions which are not the very best , or equal best .
but it [stays] problematic whether the utilitarian should condemn as wrong all actions which are not the very best , or equal best .

But is the consciousness of a beautiful object properly conceived as consisting in two distinct things , consciousness and the object , standing in a certain relation ( of the one being directed at the other ) which makes no difference to what each of them is in itself ? Does not their coming into this relation modify or add to the character of either of them ? Can , for example , consciousness avoid being somehow enriched by a pervasive quality , which could not possibly have occurred except as a quality of just such a state of consciousness , when it becomes consciousness of a beautiful object , instead of consciousness of something else , or ‘ mere consciousness ’ ? If so , may not this quality have a value of its own needing to be counted in when summing the value of the parts and may it not be this value ( rather than the value of the whole as a whole ) which adds to the value of the whole ? Until such questions are satisfactorily answered , evaluation of the principle of organic unities remains problematic .
but is the consciousness of a beautiful object properly conceived as consisting in two distinct things , consciousness and the object , standing in a certain relation ( of the one being directed at the other ) which makes no difference to what each of them is in itself ? does not their coming into this relation modify or add to the character of either of them ? can , for example , consciousness avoid being somehow enriched by a pervasive quality , which could not possibly have occurred except as a quality of just such a state of consciousness , when it becomes consciousness of a beautiful object , instead of consciousness of something else , or ‘ mere consciousness ’ ? if so , may not this quality have a value of its own needing to be counted in when summing the value of the parts and may it not be this value ( rather than the value of the whole as a whole ) which adds to the value of the whole ? until such questions are satisfactorily answered , evaluation of the principle of organic unities [stays] problematic .

How ethical theory might do justice to both these points remains to be seen .
how ethical theory might do justice to both these points [stays] to be seen .

What remains is a possible non-rational resolution of the question , which may consist in one side to a dispute stimulating a change of attitude in the other by a moving use of emotive language , or one aspect of one s personality achieving dominance over another .
what [stays] is a possible non-rational resolution of the question , which may consist in one side to a dispute stimulating a change of attitude in the other by a moving use of emotive language , or one aspect of one s personality achieving dominance over another .

America 's ethos of limited , constrained government remains the accepted rhetoric .
america 's ethos of limited , constrained government [stays] the accepted rhetoric .

But the American polity remains rooted in a cast of mind appropriate to a commercial agrarian society , requiring the most minimalist of government performance .
but the american polity [stays] rooted in a cast of mind appropriate to a commercial agrarian society , requiring the most minimalist of government performance .

While that remains a central concern , in this book we have broadened our concern to include murders where there is a clear sexual element , and some other forms of sexual assault and crime .
while that [stays] a central concern , in this book we have broadened our concern to include murders where there is a clear sexual element , and some other forms of sexual assault and crime .

There is , of course , a problem which must be confronted by both the police and the press if — after a brief time has elapsed — the crime remains unsolved and no further atrocities are being committed which can , even remotely , be connected with the original outrage .
there is , of course , a problem which must be confronted by both the police and the press if — after a brief time has elapsed — the crime [stays] unsolved and no further atrocities are being committed which can , even remotely , be connected with the original outrage .

In murder cases the victim 's account remains missing .
in murder cases the victim 's account [stays] missing .

After being sentenced the sex-slave image remains , but she has now become a wronged mother ( Daily Mail ) or mum ( Sun ) .
after being sentenced the sex-slave image [stays] , but she has now become a wronged mother ( daily mail ) or mum ( sun ) .

With no sexual assault being claimed , the victim also remains inviolate .
with no sexual assault being claimed , the victim also [stays] inviolate .

It is understood that most of the Sun 's employees , including vice presidents , have come round to the idea of embracing Motif in some shape or form , but there remains one unswerving voice .
it is understood that most of the sun 's employees , including vice presidents , have come round to the idea of embracing motif in some shape or form , but there [stays] one unswerving voice .

It remains valid even if you become mentally incapable .
it [stays] valid even if you become mentally incapable .

It is to be hoped that all steam enthusiasts will perhaps make an effort to support this railway at some time during the present season to help to ensure that it remains in being into the future .
it is to be hoped that all steam enthusiasts will perhaps make an effort to support this railway at some time during the present season to help to ensure that it [stays] in being into the future .

There remains overhaul and it is far to early in the proceedings to make any forecasts as to completion dates .
there [stays] overhaul and it is far to early in the proceedings to make any forecasts as to completion dates .

The situation in Guatemala remains grim .
the situation in guatemala [stays] grim .

While everyone was careful to avoid the word ‘ black ’ in their statements , the fact remains that the ‘ minority ’ workshop , which was overseen by one Ramona Edelin of the National Urban Coalition , an urban action organisation founded in 1967 , was really a reflection on the efforts of some of the black inspired programmes that have been running for years in America .
while everyone was careful to avoid the word ‘ black ’ in their statements , the fact [stays] that the ‘ minority ’ workshop , which was overseen by one ramona edelin of the national urban coalition , an urban action organisation founded in 1967 , was really a reflection on the efforts of some of the black inspired programmes that have been running for years in america .

Despite the recent and continuing efforts of the United States Tennis Association , and indeed , other National Tennis Associations , to provide better opportunities for all , ( see Main Point ) , it remains a fact that , if you 're an aspiring black tennis player , you have to be something very special if you 're going to make it in the professional game these days .
despite the recent and continuing efforts of the united states tennis association , and indeed , other national tennis associations , to provide better opportunities for all , ( see main point ) , it [stays] a fact that , if you 're an aspiring black tennis player , you have to be something very special if you 're going to make it in the professional game these days .

Many purists will mourn the introduction of diesels and some will regret the inevitable conversions to oil firing , but the railway remains ever popular to the ordinary visitors .
many purists will mourn the introduction of diesels and some will regret the inevitable conversions to oil firing , but the railway [stays] ever popular to the ordinary visitors .

Although the Bury to Heywood line has been disused since 1980 , the majority of track remains in place thanks to the persuasive powers that Rochdale Council exerted on British Rail at the time .
although the bury to heywood line has been disused since 1980 , the majority of track [stays] in place thanks to the persuasive powers that rochdale council exerted on british rail at the time .

There are special schools for visually handicapped pupils in different regions of the country and the majority of these cater for pupils within the full range of visual impairment from total blindness to useful but impaired vision , although in a minority of cases there still remains an emphasis on meeting the needs of pupils who require either tactile or visual methods of working .
there are special schools for visually handicapped pupils in different regions of the country and the majority of these cater for pupils within the full range of visual impairment from total blindness to useful but impaired vision , although in a minority of cases there still [stays] an emphasis on meeting the needs of pupils who require either tactile or visual methods of working .

If the macula area remains clear , then reading should be possible .
if the macula area [stays] clear , then reading should be possible .

Although this material was devised nearly a decade ago , it remains a very useful guideline to activities involving visual perception that are tailored to meet the needs of individual children with defective vision .
although this material was devised nearly a decade ago , it [stays] a very useful guideline to activities involving visual perception that are tailored to meet the needs of individual children with defective vision .

Sitting close to the blackboard seems like an old-fashioned solution , but remains useful for some pupils .
sitting close to the blackboard seems like an old-fashioned solution , but [stays] useful for some pupils .

The police action against the members of Black Sash , which , although legal elsewhere in South Africa , remains banned in Bophutatswana , underscored the extremely restrictive conditions confronting human rights as well as political activists in Bophutatswana .
the police action against the members of black sash , which , although legal elsewhere in south africa , [stays] banned in bophutatswana , underscored the extremely restrictive conditions confronting human rights as well as political activists in bophutatswana .

However , Amnesty remains concerned about the long-term safety of Dr Umaña and other human rights lawyers and workers in Colombia .
however , amnesty [stays] concerned about the long-term safety of dr umaña and other human rights lawyers and workers in colombia .

Of the original three , only Tim Henman remains linked with the squad .
of the original three , only tim henman [stays] linked with the squad .

In the 1990's , we may well be heading towards the classless society so sought after and well documented of politicians , yet the Royal Berkshire Club , built within the existing framework of a society which demands ever higher standards in its leisure facilities , remains a class act in its own right .
in the 1990's , we may well be heading towards the classless society so sought after and well documented of politicians , yet the royal berkshire club , built within the existing framework of a society which demands ever higher standards in its leisure facilities , [stays] a class act in its own right .

Interspersed with these are anecdotes from his own personal experience travelling around the remains of the country as a journalist , which makes harrowing reading , if only to note how indiscriminately trigger-happy so many people over there seem to be ( joking , for instance , about ‘ target practice ’ on a car containing a TV-film crew ) .
interspersed with these are anecdotes from his own personal experience travelling around the [stays] of the country as a journalist , which makes harrowing reading , if only to note how indiscriminately trigger-happy so many people over there seem to be ( joking , for instance , about ‘ target practice ’ on a car containing a tv-film crew ) .

Despite a return to civilian rule , first under Venecio Cerezo , then , since 1991 , under Jorge Serrano , the army remains firmly in control , and enjoys almost complete immunity from prosecution .
despite a return to civilian rule , first under venecio cerezo , then , since 1991 , under jorge serrano , the army [stays] firmly in control , and enjoys almost complete immunity from prosecution .

Torture remains an instrument of policy , death squads still operate and many hundreds of people are shot or stabbed every year for refusing to accept the status quo .
torture [stays] an instrument of policy , death squads still operate and many hundreds of people are shot or stabbed every year for refusing to accept the status quo .

In Kismayo , a port town in the south , the evidence of previous prosperity remains .
in kismayo , a port town in the south , the evidence of previous prosperity [stays] .

This should cause the chain to tighten and slacken in turn , but if it remains tight , clearly it is the wrong way round .
this should cause the chain to tighten and slacken in turn , but if it [stays] tight , clearly it is the wrong way round .

It is often preferable to offer the necessary quantity of food as two meals , morning and evening , so the dog 's stomach remains fuller over a longer period .
it is often preferable to offer the necessary quantity of food as two meals , morning and evening , so the dog 's stomach [stays] fuller over a longer period .

Obviously once you are in a position where the dog remains still as you move away the basics of the command have been mastered .
obviously once you are in a position where the dog [stays] still as you move away the basics of the command have been mastered .

Assuming that the dog remains with you , do not forget to give it plenty of encouragement again , as you attach the leash to its collar .
assuming that the dog [stays] with you , do not forget to give it plenty of encouragement again , as you attach the leash to its collar .

The simple solution in this case is to ensure that all food remains out of their reach .
the simple solution in this case is to ensure that all food [stays] out of their reach .

This instinct still remains with these and similar breeds today .
this instinct still [stays] with these and similar breeds today .

The faeces in this instance tend to be relatively loose and pale in colour , while the dog remains hungry , simply because it can not actually digest its food .
the faeces in this instance tend to be relatively loose and pale in colour , while the dog [stays] hungry , simply because it can not actually digest its food .

The ghost associated with it remains a permanent threat to the living , as it wanders the earth with a stretched neck looking for companions .
the ghost associated with it [stays] a permanent threat to the living , as it wanders the earth with a stretched neck looking for companions .

Should he go too far , the only repercussion , so long as he remains powerful , is for some of the village members to leave the village .
should he go too far , the only repercussion , so long as he [stays] powerful , is for some of the village members to leave the village .

Most visitors arrive in cars and coaches but it remains for walkers an excellent base for mountain expeditions , with major climbs in the immediate vicinity .
most visitors arrive in cars and coaches but it [stays] for walkers an excellent base for mountain expeditions , with major climbs in the immediate vicinity .

Visitors animate the street and are catered for , but only the quietness is disturbed and the village remains unspoiled .
visitors animate the street and are catered for , but only the quietness is disturbed and the village [stays] unspoiled .

But the great tourist attraction of Dornie remains .
but the great tourist attraction of dornie [stays] .

Dun Telve is now in Government care : much remains intact but a large part of its stone was robbed by local farmers in centuries past .
dun telve is now in government care : much [stays] intact but a large part of its stone was robbed by local farmers in centuries past .

Only the ring of bright water remains .
only the ring of bright water [stays] .

Tomdoun , once a staging post on the road to the Isles but cruelly bypassed by the new road , is the last outpost , the road continuing and coming alongside the enlarged Loch Quoich where an isolated clump of rhododendrons is all that remains of Glenquoich Lodge .
tomdoun , once a staging post on the road to the isles but cruelly bypassed by the new road , is the last outpost , the road continuing and coming alongside the enlarged loch quoich where an isolated clump of rhododendrons is all that [stays] of glenquoich lodge .

Nothing remains of the original fort , built in 1655 by General Monk to repel Jacobite invaders , but relics of these troubled times can be seen in the public museum .
nothing [stays] of the original fort , built in 1655 by general monk to repel jacobite invaders , but relics of these troubled times can be seen in the public museum .

Nevertheless , the topic remains a fascinating one : the magic of seeing animals like Melia , as it waves its two fearsome anemones at a predator , is not to be denied .
nevertheless , the topic [stays] a fascinating one : the magic of seeing animals like melia , as it waves its two fearsome anemones at a predator , is not to be denied .

In the days preceding laying , when the female can be fertilised , the male remains close to his partner , guarding her from other males ' attempts to mate surreptitiously .
in the days preceding laying , when the female can be fertilised , the male [stays] close to his partner , guarding her from other males ' attempts to mate surreptitiously .

All amphibians shed their skin from time to time , but because the burrowing frog remains immobile once it is inside its burrow and cocoon formation has begun , the successive layers of shed skin remain attached to each other .
all amphibians shed their skin from time to time , but because the burrowing frog [stays] immobile once it is inside its burrow and cocoon formation has begun , the successive layers of shed skin remain attached to each other .

These pads are not needed simply to hold on to the female , who remains passive .
these pads are not needed simply to hold on to the female , who [stays] passive .

How the platypus came to acquire this apparatus remains a mystery : few venomous animals use their venom when fighting among themselves , and it has therefore been suggested that the venom gland is a survival factor originally directed against some long-extinct predator .
how the platypus came to acquire this apparatus [stays] a mystery : few venomous animals use their venom when fighting among themselves , and it has therefore been suggested that the venom gland is a survival factor originally directed against some long-extinct predator .

Here , they are still able to dig through the snow to uncover whatever sparse winter vegetation remains below .
here , they are still able to dig through the snow to uncover whatever sparse winter vegetation [stays] below .

There had been the mouldering remains of a delicatessen meal in tinfoil trays in the fridge , along with a bottle of beer and two of orange squash .
there had been the mouldering [stays] of a delicatessen meal in tinfoil trays in the fridge , along with a bottle of beer and two of orange squash .

Debate concerning the Spanish Civil War and its origins therefore remains vigorous .
debate concerning the spanish civil war and its origins therefore [stays] vigorous .

And indeed , thus dignified and labelled , these diverse and ordinary objects had assumed an almost ritualistic significance ; the shoes , one with its wedge of mud behind the heel , the stained beaker , the blotter with its criss-cross of dead marks made by dead hands , the diary , the remains of Harry Mack 's last meal , the closed razor case and , occupying the centre of the table , the prize exhibit , the open cut-throat razor , its blade and bone handle gummy with blood .
and indeed , thus dignified and labelled , these diverse and ordinary objects had assumed an almost ritualistic significance ; the shoes , one with its wedge of mud behind the heel , the stained beaker , the blotter with its criss-cross of dead marks made by dead hands , the diary , the [stays] of harry mack 's last meal , the closed razor case and , occupying the centre of the table , the prize exhibit , the open cut-throat razor , its blade and bone handle gummy with blood .

However Dartmoor National Park with its wild rocky scenery and prehistoric remains is a short drive away .
however dartmoor national park with its wild rocky scenery and prehistoric [stays] is a short drive away .

Just outside Arundel you can visit the archaeological remains at Fishbourne Roman Palace and Bignor Roman Villa , the latter being the remains of the largest villa in the country .
just outside arundel you can visit the archaeological [stays] at fishbourne roman palace and bignor roman villa , the latter being the [stays] of the largest villa in the country .

Sudbury remains a bustling market town and is still rightly proud of its famous son , Thomas Gainsborough , whose house is open to the public .
sudbury [stays] a bustling market town and is still rightly proud of its famous son , thomas gainsborough , whose house is open to the public .

Little Walsingham , 15 miles from Hunstanton , is a beautiful village with a collection of medieval buildings including the most complete remains of any Franciscan friary in Britain .
little walsingham , 15 miles from hunstanton , is a beautiful village with a collection of medieval buildings including the most complete [stays] of any franciscan friary in britain .

Cirencester has some excellent Roman remains and a museum .
cirencester has some excellent roman [stays] and a museum .

Twenty-five miles away is Shrewsbury , an ancient town with many historical buildings , where you can visit the castle , Rowley 's House Museum with Roman remains , and Clive House , an 18th-century residence which houses an interesting collection of local paintings and porcelain .
twenty-five miles away is shrewsbury , an ancient town with many historical buildings , where you can visit the castle , rowley 's house museum with roman [stays] , and clive house , an 18th-century residence which houses an interesting collection of local paintings and porcelain .

The village has an ancient history dating back to Roman times ( the remains of a Roman wall testify to this ) .
the village has an ancient history dating back to roman times ( the [stays] of a roman wall testify to this ) .

It was once a coaching house , standing on the main road between England and Scotland ( all that remains today of this road is a grass track ) .
it was once a coaching house , standing on the main road between england and scotland ( all that [stays] today of this road is a grass track ) .

Wandering through the spacious grounds you will come upon what is believed to be the remains of an earlier 12th-century castle visited by five kings of England during the 12th and 13th centuries .
wandering through the spacious grounds you will come upon what is believed to be the [stays] of an earlier 12th-century castle visited by five kings of england during the 12th and 13th centuries .

Although it has been modernised , it remains an exceptional example of Victorian architecture with many of its original fixtures and fittings intact , including stained glass windows , ornate plaster ceilings , oak panelling and marble fireplaces .
although it has been modernised , it [stays] an exceptional example of victorian architecture with many of its original fixtures and fittings intact , including stained glass windows , ornate plaster ceilings , oak panelling and marble fireplaces .

Whilst the exterior of the house is largely unaltered since its earliest days , the interior has been completely refurbished , although the main architectural feature , a stunning central spiral staircase , remains .
whilst the exterior of the house is largely unaltered since its earliest days , the interior has been completely refurbished , although the main architectural feature , a stunning central spiral staircase , [stays] .

Lying on the edge of the Galloway Forest Park , this building of solid granite remains pretty much unaltered since its origin in 1872 as the country home of the descendants of Viscount Kenmure ( the ruins of Kenmure Castle stand half a mile away ) .
lying on the edge of the galloway forest park , this building of solid granite [stays] pretty much unaltered since its origin in 1872 as the country home of the descendants of viscount kenmure ( the ruins of kenmure castle stand half a mile away ) .

Chester , 15 miles away , is an attractive historical city with some beautiful black and white buildings , an 11th-century cathedral , a famous zoo , and some Roman remains .
chester , 15 miles away , is an attractive historical city with some beautiful black and white buildings , an 11th-century cathedral , a famous zoo , and some roman [stays] .

The Niuas , as the trio are called , are closer to both Samoa and Fiji than to the main Tongan group , and it remains one of the odder quirks of Polynesian history that the islands belong to Tonga at all .
the niuas , as the trio are called , are closer to both samoa and fiji than to the main tongan group , and it [stays] one of the odder quirks of polynesian history that the islands belong to tonga at all .

Balboa and Magellan might have found the classification very droll , but the fact remains that for purposes of cartographic , organizational and now administrative convenience , the Pacific Ocean is simply-far too big .
balboa and magellan might have found the classification very droll , but the fact [stays] that for purposes of cartographic , organizational and now administrative convenience , the pacific ocean is simply-far too big .

Would any remains of the wretch even reach the bubbling molten magma at the bottom ?
would any [stays] of the wretch even reach the bubbling molten magma at the bottom ?

‘ Lyman 's Ear also enables the Marine to enhance and filter background noise . My shattered temple — which remains a sacred and anointed shrine to Rogal Dorn — is not lacking its Lyman 's Ear …
‘ lyman 's ear also enables the marine to enhance and filter background noise . my shattered temple — which [stays] a sacred and anointed shrine to rogal dorn — is not lacking its lyman 's ear …

In one the cat is shot , while in the other it remains alive .
in one the cat is shot , while in the other it [stays] alive .

Whether the language-transmitted sense of responsibility is sufficient to control the DNA-transmitted instinct of aggression remains to be seen .
whether the language-transmitted sense of responsibility is sufficient to control the dna-transmitted instinct of aggression [stays] to be seen .

The number of day hospitals run by health services and day centres provided by local authorities and voluntary organizations has grown slowly but steadily over the last forty years , although there remains a great deal of confusion about the purposes of day care , and professionals from different services have differing expectations and aims .
the number of day hospitals run by health services and day centres provided by local authorities and voluntary organizations has grown slowly but steadily over the last forty years , although there [stays] a great deal of confusion about the purposes of day care , and professionals from different services have differing expectations and aims .

In theory , the Community Care Act of 1990 allows local authorities to provide financial assistance to relatives but it remains to be seen whether any will do so when the new system starts in 1993 .
in theory , the community care act of 1990 allows local authorities to provide financial assistance to relatives but it [stays] to be seen whether any will do so when the new system starts in 1993 .

British people are , generally , deeply suspicious of ‘ with profit ’ companies who operate in the health and social care area and it remains to be seen whether free enterprise can win the hearts and minds of authority members and staff and make a profit at the same time .
british people are , generally , deeply suspicious of ‘ with profit ’ companies who operate in the health and social care area and it [stays] to be seen whether free enterprise can win the hearts and minds of authority members and staff and make a profit at the same time .

Work on site , however , even in the 1980s remains fairly labour-intensive .
work on site , however , even in the 1980s [stays] fairly labour-intensive .

The contractor is often in a difficult position , when payments to the nominated sub-contractor are only due to be made immediately prior to the next valuation , and insufficient time remains for receipts to be obtained .
the contractor is often in a difficult position , when payments to the nominated sub-contractor are only due to be made immediately prior to the next valuation , and insufficient time [stays] for receipts to be obtained .

It is abruptly open to question , this idea the doctors hold in secret , that they must wield the special power ; because if the power remains unused , then it will become unmoored , and turn back against their own lives .
it is abruptly open to question , this idea the doctors hold in secret , that they must wield the special power ; because if the power [stays] unused , then it will become unmoored , and turn back against their own lives .

Why he decided to drop three divisions and stay with the club until his first dismissal in 1987 , remains shrouded in slipped fivers .
why he decided to drop three divisions and stay with the club until his first dismissal in 1987 , [stays] shrouded in slipped fivers .

She was disappointed , even aggrieved , that the remains would not be brought home for a funeral .
she was disappointed , even aggrieved , that the [stays] would not be brought home for a funeral .

Since there were no remains to speak of .
since there were no [stays] to speak of .

In practice , the problem of market definition remains .
in practice , the problem of market definition [stays] .

There remains the case where a group of films in a third country form an export cartel ( e.g .
there [stays] the case where a group of films in a third country form an export cartel ( e.g .

There remains the question of the optimal shape of the competition policy institutions .
there [stays] the question of the optimal shape of the competition policy institutions .

He then did exactly the same thing , spluttering and spraying the remains of his drink down his shirt .
he then did exactly the same thing , spluttering and spraying the [stays] of his drink down his shirt .

Granted that words have a certain elasticity of meaning , the general rule remains that the judges regard themselves as bound by the words of a statute when these words clearly govern the situation before the court .
granted that words have a certain elasticity of meaning , the general rule [stays] that the judges regard themselves as bound by the words of a statute when these words clearly govern the situation before the court .

This much at least remains unchanged , he thought ; each hill , each tree , each house familiar to him from youth .
this much at least [stays] unchanged , he thought ; each hill , each tree , each house familiar to him from youth .

He pointed to the mangled remains of the four Chelonians destroyed by the matter disrupter . ‘ Their deaths shall be avenged a thousand times ! ’
he pointed to the mangled [stays] of the four chelonians destroyed by the matter disrupter . ‘ their deaths shall be avenged a thousand times ! ’

The remains of the Chelonian assault force trundled aggressively into view across the plain .
the [stays] of the chelonian assault force trundled aggressively into view across the plain .

‘ The question remains , ’ the Doctor continued , ‘ what exactly scared him off ? He gave only vague hints in his account . ’
‘ the question [stays] , ’ the doctor continued , ‘ what exactly scared him off ? he gave only vague hints in his account . ’

And arisen , phoenix-like , from its dusty and corrugated remains , was the tastefully false façade of Cliff Top , the hotel .
and arisen , phoenix-like , from its dusty and corrugated [stays] , was the tastefully false façade of cliff top , the hotel .

On the whole , the grammatical structure of a language remains fairly constant throughout the lifetime of an individual , whereas one encounters new words , expressions , and collocations on a daily basis .
on the whole , the grammatical structure of a language [stays] fairly constant throughout the lifetime of an individual , whereas one encounters new words , expressions , and collocations on a daily basis .

Most obviously , since the asymmetrical question/answer structure of the interview remains , it does not seem plausible to claim that the topic-shifting techniques described by Labov resemble at all closely those in normal conversation where speakers have equal rights of topic initiation .
most obviously , since the asymmetrical question/answer structure of the interview [stays] , it does not seem plausible to claim that the topic-shifting techniques described by labov resemble at all closely those in normal conversation where speakers have equal rights of topic initiation .

, 1 984a , 10 ) which : ‘ breaks out of the consensus mould and moves towards neo-marxist interpretations , a certain narrowness of outlook remains ’ .
, 1 984a , 10 ) which : ‘ breaks out of the consensus mould and moves towards neo-marxist interpretations , a certain narrowness of outlook [stays] ’ .

In spite of this useful work , density remains a rather static and misleading statistic in that it depends very much on the unit used to compute the density .
in spite of this useful work , density [stays] a rather static and misleading statistic in that it depends very much on the unit used to compute the density .

This statement still remains true today despite the valiant and continuing voluntary efforts of the Land Decade Educational Council to produce a national land use survey by the late 1980s ( Balchin , 1981 ) .
this statement still [stays] true today despite the valiant and continuing voluntary efforts of the land decade educational council to produce a national land use survey by the late 1980s ( balchin , 1981 ) .

Although studies of land use like those outlined above provide useful overall data , they only produce a limited picture of what the countryside actually looks like and how it is changing in appearance , and this type of study remains at the heart , if not the mind , of many of even the most socioeconomic quantitative geographers .
although studies of land use like those outlined above provide useful overall data , they only produce a limited picture of what the countryside actually looks like and how it is changing in appearance , and this type of study [stays] at the heart , if not the mind , of many of even the most socioeconomic quantitative geographers .

He remains faintly visible . )
he [stays] faintly visible . )

The 1911 Act remains in force .
the 1911 act [stays] in force .

The detailed character of financial , administrative and legal restraints imposed by Whitehall may change but the general effect remains the same — local councillors are expected to fit in with the political priorities of the government of the day .
the detailed character of financial , administrative and legal restraints imposed by whitehall may change but the general effect [stays] the same — local councillors are expected to fit in with the political priorities of the government of the day .

But , for Labour , the awkward fact remains that should devolution re-appear on the political agenda , then the ‘ West Lothian ’ question must re-emerge .
but , for labour , the awkward fact [stays] that should devolution re-appear on the political agenda , then the ‘ west lothian ’ question must re-emerge .

Thus the position remains unsatisfactory with occasional violence and the continuation of government from London .
thus the position [stays] unsatisfactory with occasional violence and the continuation of government from london .

In these four ways , housing differs from other consumer goods though it remains fundamentally a private market commodity .
in these four ways , housing differs from other consumer goods though it [stays] fundamentally a private market commodity .

’ remains the most illuminating question to ask about someone met for the first time .
’ [stays] the most illuminating question to ask about someone met for the first time .

Nevertheless , the fact still remains that education was not built into his analysis of economic growth in any more substantial way than it appeared in Adam Smith 's work .
nevertheless , the fact still [stays] that education was not built into his analysis of economic growth in any more substantial way than it appeared in adam smith 's work .

It remains to be seen how successful this drive will prove because governments have to convince young people of the attractions of scientific and industrial education vis-à-vis the humanities and the social sciences as well as of the advantages of employment in industry and trade rather than in other sectors of the labour market .
it [stays] to be seen how successful this drive will prove because governments have to convince young people of the attractions of scientific and industrial education vis-à-vis the humanities and the social sciences as well as of the advantages of employment in industry and trade rather than in other sectors of the labour market .

The question still remains , however , as to whether the assisted migrant workers would have moved anyhow without the financial aid of labour mobility programmes .
the question still [stays] , however , as to whether the assisted migrant workers would have moved anyhow without the financial aid of labour mobility programmes .

It can therefore be argued that not only do social services not pull labour out of the manufacturing sector , but also if they are not expanded the redundant labour from the manufacturing sector simply remains unused and joins the existing long-term reserve army of labour .
it can therefore be argued that not only do social services not pull labour out of the manufacturing sector , but also if they are not expanded the redundant labour from the manufacturing sector simply [stays] unused and joins the existing long-term reserve army of labour .

There remains the third course , to throw Clarke over altogether and tell him that the highest point of his career has been reached .
there [stays] the third course , to throw clarke over altogether and tell him that the highest point of his career has been reached .

So long as a judge keeps silent his reputation for wisdom and impartiality remains unassailable : but every utterance which he makes in public , except in the course of the actual performance of his judicial duties , must necessarily bring him within the focus of criticism .
so long as a judge keeps silent his reputation for wisdom and impartiality [stays] unassailable : but every utterance which he makes in public , except in the course of the actual performance of his judicial duties , must necessarily bring him within the focus of criticism .

The intellectual isolation of appellate judges , who resolve ‘ hard cases ’ with reference to notions of social justice and public policy which they are singularly ( and collectively ) ill-equipped to understand … remains a deeply worrying feature of our judicial process .
the intellectual isolation of appellate judges , who resolve ‘ hard cases ’ with reference to notions of social justice and public policy which they are singularly ( and collectively ) ill-equipped to understand … [stays] a deeply worrying feature of our judicial process .

While fashion , be it in clothing , home environment , or food , remains the domain of capital and thus primarily the old world , any movement or change within it is meaningless when considered only in relation to itself .
while fashion , be it in clothing , home environment , or food , [stays] the domain of capital and thus primarily the old world , any movement or change within it is meaningless when considered only in relation to itself .

But , as yet , concentration in the sector is quite low and market share remains fragmented .
but , as yet , concentration in the sector is quite low and market share [stays] fragmented .

We shall meet it often again , for it remains a powerful symbol throughout the history of Greek art and beyond .
we shall meet it often again , for it [stays] a powerful symbol throughout the history of greek art and beyond .

The beginnings of monumental architecture and sculpture in Greece are evidenced by actual remains .
the beginnings of monumental architecture and sculpture in greece are evidenced by actual [stays] .

The first substantial remains of sculpture from a Doric building are from a temple of Artemis on Kerkyra ( Corcyra , Corfu ) , which must date from the first decade or two of the sixth century .
the first substantial [stays] of sculpture from a doric building are from a temple of artemis on kerkyra ( corcyra , corfu ) , which must date from the first decade or two of the sixth century .

The outer metopes were , as most commonly , left plain , and only scraps survive of sculpture at this level above the entrances within the colonnade ; but both pediments were carved and much of one remains .
the outer metopes were , as most commonly , left plain , and only scraps survive of sculpture at this level above the entrances within the colonnade ; but both pediments were carved and much of one [stays] .

Influence from East Greece becomes general in the second half of the century , not least in Attica , but there native tradition remains powerful too .
influence from east greece becomes general in the second half of the century , not least in attica , but there native tradition [stays] powerful too .

These were thrown down by the Persian invaders in 480 , and shattered remains preserved for us in terraces and foundations of the fifth century .
these were thrown down by the persian invaders in 480 , and shattered [stays] preserved for us in terraces and foundations of the fifth century .

35 , where there are remains of glass and a metal socket ) , and hair , beard , cloak , calf will have been painted .
35 , where there are [stays] of glass and a metal socket ) , and hair , beard , cloak , calf will have been painted .

The remains of these figures resemble the present west pediment in style .
the [stays] of these figures resemble the present west pediment in style .

This , the kylix par excellence , remains for a long time a vehicle for some of the finest vase-drawing , in the ton do and in many figured compositions between the handles .
this , the kylix par excellence , [stays] for a long time a vehicle for some of the finest vase-drawing , in the ton do and in many figured compositions between the handles .

Gradually the technique develops its own style , moving away from red-figure as red-figure had early freed itself from the black figure tradition ; only white-ground long remains no more than a sideline of red-figure painters .
gradually the technique develops its own style , moving away from red-figure as red-figure had early freed itself from the black figure tradition ; only white-ground long [stays] no more than a sideline of red-figure painters .

This master , who seems to have learnt from the Pistoxenos Painter , is clearly much influenced by the great painting of his time but always remains faithful to the single base-line , feeling it perhaps a proper convention for vase-decoration .
this master , who seems to have learnt from the pistoxenos painter , is clearly much influenced by the great painting of his time but always [stays] faithful to the single base-line , feeling it perhaps a proper convention for vase-decoration .

Pausanias describes the sculptures , and the substantial surviving remains can be fitted to his description , though there is doubt about the arrangement in the east pediment .
pausanias describes the sculptures , and the substantial surviving [stays] can be fitted to his description , though there is doubt about the arrangement in the east pediment .

Most of the other metopes are fragmentary , and it is hard to say if they carry out this distinction , though the little that remains of the lion suggests that it went well with the other western ones .
most of the other metopes are fragmentary , and it is hard to say if they carry out this distinction , though the little that [stays] of the lion suggests that it went well with the other western ones .

If fertility remains low and life expectancy continues to improve , it could reach 20 per cent by the year 2025 .
if fertility [stays] low and life expectancy continues to improve , it could reach 20 per cent by the year 2025 .

However , it is also clear that such projections can only inform policymaking rather than dictate it and there remains a need for clear national guidelines on the provision of places at all levels of education .
however , it is also clear that such projections can only inform policymaking rather than dictate it and there [stays] a need for clear national guidelines on the provision of places at all levels of education .

If , however , it is the 1980s that constitutes the aberration and if the underlying tendency is instead towards a more dispersed settlement pattern and the growth of smaller cities and towns , then it is important to recognize that the British population remains highly concentrated .
if , however , it is the 1980s that constitutes the aberration and if the underlying tendency is instead towards a more dispersed settlement pattern and the growth of smaller cities and towns , then it is important to recognize that the british population [stays] highly concentrated .

Women 's employment has always been , and remains , concentrated in a few occupational categories ( see Hakim , 1979 : Joseph , 1983 ) .
women 's employment has always been , and [stays] , concentrated in a few occupational categories ( see hakim , 1979 : joseph , 1983 ) .

Why should we worry about this if the marriage remains the harmonious institution for pooling resources which is normally assumed , in economic theory as elsewhere ?
why should we worry about this if the marriage [stays] the harmonious institution for pooling resources which is normally assumed , in economic theory as elsewhere ?

( Each about 46 per cent of the total lifetime earnings of a woman who remains childless . )
( each about 46 per cent of the total lifetime earnings of a woman who [stays] childless . )

There is no actual shortage of specific studies , though here , as elsewhere , much more remains to be done .
there is no actual shortage of specific studies , though here , as elsewhere , much more [stays] to be done .

It remains to indicate one especially important and difficult area of the sociology of culture , which has been prominent and at times dominant in the current convergence .
it [stays] to indicate one especially important and difficult area of the sociology of culture , which has been prominent and at times dominant in the current convergence .

The producer is wholly dependent on the immediate market , but within its terms his work remains under his own direction , at all stages , and he can see himself , in this sense , as independent .
the producer is wholly dependent on the immediate market , but within its terms his work [stays] under his own direction , at all stages , and he can see himself , in this sense , as independent .

In much of his immediate situation , the producer remains an artisan , but now in a more complex and more organized market in which he is practically dependent on intermediaries .
in much of his immediate situation , the producer [stays] an artisan , but now in a more complex and more organized market in which he is practically dependent on intermediaries .

This remains true in the next decisive technical stage , that of graphic reproduction .
this [stays] true in the next decisive technical stage , that of graphic reproduction .

And though we know also that in early periods , and especially and persistently in certain forms — drama , dance , choral song — production was not even in this manifest sense individual but was necessarily of a group kind , still the emphasis on ‘ the producer ’ , ‘ the author ’ , remains predominant , because it corresponds quite directly to the manifest conditions of production in writing and in print , and to certain oral forms which directly preceded them .
and though we know also that in early periods , and especially and persistently in certain forms — drama , dance , choral song — production was not even in this manifest sense individual but was necessarily of a group kind , still the emphasis on ‘ the producer ’ , ‘ the author ’ , [stays] predominant , because it corresponds quite directly to the manifest conditions of production in writing and in print , and to certain oral forms which directly preceded them .

But whatever happens to particular processes , it remains a general condition of modern cultural technology that it both requires social forms of production and yet , within this , under specific economic conditions , imposes not only a professional but a class division of labour .
but whatever happens to particular processes , it [stays] a general condition of modern cultural technology that it both requires social forms of production and yet , within this , under specific economic conditions , imposes not only a professional but a class division of labour .

‘ Remains of the ancient Romans .
‘ [stays] of the ancient romans .

But what else happened remains unclear .
but what else happened [stays] unclear .

Indeed their existence often remains unacknowledged beyond their own circle of friends and workmates .
indeed their existence often [stays] unacknowledged beyond their own circle of friends and workmates .

Indeed there remains sufficient slack in some sections of the labour force and enough new technological innovations on the horizon for there to be no end in sight to the continuing reduction in the number of workers in the industry .
indeed there [stays] sufficient slack in some sections of the labour force and enough new technological innovations on the horizon for there to be no end in sight to the continuing reduction in the number of workers in the industry .

The traditional rhythm of work remains because most operations in agriculture , especially where the growing of crops is concerned , must take place sequentially rather than concurrently .
the traditional rhythm of work [stays] because most operations in agriculture , especially where the growing of crops is concerned , must take place sequentially rather than concurrently .

As a result mechanization in agriculture has wrought a spectacular change in the implements that the workers use to produce the crop and an equally drastic change in the pace at which each step in the productive process is carried out , but in most branches of agriculture the fundamental sequential organization of production remains undisturbed .
as a result mechanization in agriculture has wrought a spectacular change in the implements that the workers use to produce the crop and an equally drastic change in the pace at which each step in the productive process is carried out , but in most branches of agriculture the fundamental sequential organization of production [stays] undisturbed .

The only major division of labour which remains in agriculture relates to those who work with livestock and those who do not .
the only major division of labour which [stays] in agriculture relates to those who work with livestock and those who do not .

They represent the personal touch which takes the edge off what remains for most farm workers the harsh realities of their poor pay and dependent status .
they represent the personal touch which takes the edge off what [stays] for most farm workers the harsh realities of their poor pay and dependent status .

But as we shall see in Chapter 6 more flexible planning policies are required if the low-wage rural economy is to be alleviated and rural depopulation to be assuaged in those areas where it remains a problem .
but as we shall see in chapter 6 more flexible planning policies are required if the low-wage rural economy is to be alleviated and rural depopulation to be assuaged in those areas where it [stays] a problem .

The geographical area within which workers look for jobs therefore remains a restricted one .
the geographical area within which workers look for jobs therefore [stays] a restricted one .

Thus the tied cottage system emerged directly from the desire of farmers to control labour supplies — and it is this concern which remains at the heart of the system today .
thus the tied cottage system emerged directly from the desire of farmers to control labour supplies — and it is this concern which [stays] at the heart of the system today .

The farm worker still remains socially and geographically isolated but he is also becoming less bound by custom and habit .
the farm worker still [stays] socially and geographically isolated but he is also becoming less bound by custom and habit .

Yet the need for public transport among the poor , the elderly and the disabled remains .
yet the need for public transport among the poor , the elderly and the disabled [stays] .

Despite experiments with postal bus services and privately operated minibuses , the future for public transport in rural areas remains bleak .
despite experiments with postal bus services and privately operated minibuses , the future for public transport in rural areas [stays] bleak .

Within these limitations , however , an amorphous and diverse spread of topics remains to be explored , particularly since a persistent theme of this chapter will be to emphasize that environmentalism in rural England is not simply a technological or ecological affair , but a social , political and even philosophical question , too .
within these limitations , however , an amorphous and diverse spread of topics [stays] to be explored , particularly since a persistent theme of this chapter will be to emphasize that environmentalism in rural england is not simply a technological or ecological affair , but a social , political and even philosophical question , too .

Nevertheless , the peculiar quality of the rural environment as a ‘ positional good ’ ensures that environmental conflict remains part of the ‘ politics of affluence ’ .
nevertheless , the peculiar quality of the rural environment as a ‘ positional good ’ ensures that environmental conflict [stays] part of the ‘ politics of affluence ’ .

The resolution of the many conflicts between farmers and environmentalists remains a hit-and-miss affair .
the resolution of the many conflicts between farmers and environmentalists [stays] a hit-and-miss affair .

It remains true , however , that the overall thrust of deaf education policy is towards making deaf people more invisible by encouraging the use of teaching practices which subtly tip the power balance between deaf and hearing people in favour of the latter . The education system , as viewed from the perspective of deaf people , is therefore seen to be disabling for a number of reasons :
it [stays] true , however , that the overall thrust of deaf education policy is towards making deaf people more invisible by encouraging the use of teaching practices which subtly tip the power balance between deaf and hearing people in favour of the latter . the education system , as viewed from the perspective of deaf people , is therefore seen to be disabling for a number of reasons :

Policy remains in the hands of people who do not have disabilities and who are frequently so far on the other side of the experiential divide between people with and without disabilities that ‘ objective policies ’ — that is , those which ignore the experiential divide — simply serve to reinforce the notion of disability rather than the values and abilities of those who are different .
policy [stays] in the hands of people who do not have disabilities and who are frequently so far on the other side of the experiential divide between people with and without disabilities that ‘ objective policies ’ — that is , those which ignore the experiential divide — simply serve to reinforce the notion of disability rather than the values and abilities of those who are different .

Most deaf people in education wither under the onslaught of methodologies , because specialist teacher training remains ‘ narrowly conceived ’ and focused on the how of deaf education much criticised by Warnock ( 1978 , p. 215 ) .
most deaf people in education wither under the onslaught of methodologies , because specialist teacher training [stays] ‘ narrowly conceived ’ and focused on the how of deaf education much criticised by warnock ( 1978 , p. 215 ) .

Unfortunately for them , the theory remains unproven for there is no evidence that the central nervous system of any human being has ever restructured itself in the manner suggested .
unfortunately for them , the theory [stays] unproven for there is no evidence that the central nervous system of any human being has ever restructured itself in the manner suggested .

Such a framework needs to be flexible enough to move with the times , keep abreast of public sympathy , but ensure that their control over our lives remains essentially untouched .
such a framework needs to be flexible enough to move with the times , keep abreast of public sympathy , but ensure that their control over our lives [stays] essentially untouched .

It also remains unclear to what extent disabled people working in the health and caring professions have a better understanding of illness and disability than their able-bodied colleagues , although it can be argued that this should not be a central Issue as disabled people should not be expected to perform better than other people in order to be acceptable .
it also [stays] unclear to what extent disabled people working in the health and caring professions have a better understanding of illness and disability than their able-bodied colleagues , although it can be argued that this should not be a central issue as disabled people should not be expected to perform better than other people in order to be acceptable .

But specific education about disability and rehabilitation remains uncommon .
but specific education about disability and rehabilitation [stays] uncommon .

The central monitor , in turn , is given an incentive not to shirk in performing the monitoring function by giving him or her a right to the residual , that is , a right to the surplus that remains after all the other factors of production have been paid at the market rate .
the central monitor , in turn , is given an incentive not to shirk in performing the monitoring function by giving him or her a right to the residual , that is , a right to the surplus that [stays] after all the other factors of production have been paid at the market rate .

This means that the last part of the original key pattern remains : if this includes a code of , say , 05 then randomization will be incomplete .
this means that the last part of the original key pattern [stays] : if this includes a code of , say , 05 then randomization will be incomplete .

At higher packing densities a separate overflow area may be useful for small bucket sizes , while chained overflow in the prime data area remains best for large bucket sizes .
at higher packing densities a separate overflow area may be useful for small bucket sizes , while chained overflow in the prime data area [stays] best for large bucket sizes .

To avoid these problems , addition and deletion algorithms will have to ensure that at least one home record remains in any bucket to which any records randomize .
to avoid these problems , addition and deletion algorithms will have to ensure that at least one home record [stays] in any bucket to which any records randomize .

The full-track bucket , but single-record storage , remains a good option in this case .
the full-track bucket , but single-record storage , [stays] a good option in this case .

Statistics on the number of embedded overflow areas that are full , how much space remains in the independent overflow area , how many non-first overflow records are being directly referenced , etc .
statistics on the number of embedded overflow areas that are full , how much space [stays] in the independent overflow area , how many non-first overflow records are being directly referenced , etc .

The living room inside is lit by the remains of a log fire , collapsing now into ashes .
the living room inside is lit by the [stays] of a log fire , collapsing now into ashes .

One thinks himself the master of others , and still remains the greater slave than they .
one thinks himself the master of others , and still [stays] the greater slave than they .

This is an important part of the rhythm of a cathedral 's worship and it remains enormously popular .
this is an important part of the rhythm of a cathedral 's worship and it [stays] enormously popular .

The characteristic cathedral sound stems largely from the employment-of boys ' voices , and one of the most important components in the English cathedral tradition remains the choir school .
the characteristic cathedral sound stems largely from the employment-of boys ' voices , and one of the most important components in the english cathedral tradition [stays] the choir school .

Settings of the Holy Communion and of canticles are rarely used , however , and the emphasis remains firmly congregational .
settings of the holy communion and of canticles are rarely used , however , and the emphasis [stays] firmly congregational .

Nevertheless , in spite of a much less universal use of music than formerly , the monastic musical tradition remains a vital one .
nevertheless , in spite of a much less universal use of music than formerly , the monastic musical tradition [stays] a vital one .

The use of transistors has brought an improvement in this respect , but the quality of sound remains poor , especially in the cheaper instruments which some would deem to be more appropriate for the cocktail bar than for playing in church .
the use of transistors has brought an improvement in this respect , but the quality of sound [stays] poor , especially in the cheaper instruments which some would deem to be more appropriate for the cocktail bar than for playing in church .

It remains to be seen what effect the Government 's deregulation will have on the dissemination of Christian music through radio and television .
it [stays] to be seen what effect the government 's deregulation will have on the dissemination of christian music through radio and television .

However , it requires some skill to devise a service which is relevant to a varied congregation and yet remains first and foremost an act of worship .
however , it requires some skill to devise a service which is relevant to a varied congregation and yet [stays] first and foremost an act of worship .

People listen quietly , and it is often balanced by a concluding piece at the end of the service during which the congregation remains quietly seated .
people listen quietly , and it is often balanced by a concluding piece at the end of the service during which the congregation [stays] quietly seated .

But opportunities for both religious and musical development are lost where the repertoire remains narrow and static .
but opportunities for both religious and musical development are lost where the repertoire [stays] narrow and static .

Obviously if one does not start from this premise , then the point about the wider range of jobs is no longer relevant ; the belief that degrees are taken in order to get jobs is so much part of the physical science students ' taken-for-granted ideas about education that it remains implicit rather than explicit .
obviously if one does not start from this premise , then the point about the wider range of jobs is no longer relevant ; the belief that degrees are taken in order to get jobs is so much part of the physical science students ' taken-for-granted ideas about education that it [stays] implicit rather than explicit .

Among these creators of new states none is quite like Ho Chi Minh who , despite having the spotlight of publicity turned upon him by the world 's press , remains in many ways a mystery man .
among these creators of new states none is quite like ho chi minh who , despite having the spotlight of publicity turned upon him by the world 's press , [stays] in many ways a mystery man .

That is to say , it still remains the case that men of all social origins have become more likely to be found in service-class positions and less likely to be found in working-class ones .
that is to say , it still [stays] the case that men of all social origins have become more likely to be found in service-class positions and less likely to be found in working-class ones .

The housing conditions of Britain 's underclass , who are now largely housed in what remains of the council sector , were described by the report of the Archbishop 's Commission , Faith in the City ( Church House Publishing , 1985 ) , in the following graphic terms .
the housing conditions of britain 's underclass , who are now largely housed in what [stays] of the council sector , were described by the report of the archbishop 's commission , faith in the city ( church house publishing , 1985 ) , in the following graphic terms .

Even allowing for the surprising restraint that the media has shown in not reporting some instances that local residents would term ‘ a riot ’ , Britain remains a remarkably peaceful society , if the riot index is the only indicator used .
even allowing for the surprising restraint that the media has shown in not reporting some instances that local residents would term ‘ a riot ’ , britain [stays] a remarkably peaceful society , if the riot index is the only indicator used .

But overall it remains a pretty distinct subject .
but overall it [stays] a pretty distinct subject .

However , in general the literature on the sociology of the undergraduate curriculum is limited , and there remains much scope for further work on it in this country in terms of social selection , status and socialization .
however , in general the literature on the sociology of the undergraduate curriculum is limited , and there [stays] much scope for further work on it in this country in terms of social selection , status and socialization .

The problem facing writers like Schon who attempt to theorize about practice is that if they fail , practice remains particularistic or intuitive , and if they succeed , they simply generate more theory .
the problem facing writers like schon who attempt to theorize about practice is that if they fail , practice [stays] particularistic or intuitive , and if they succeed , they simply generate more theory .

It now remains as a variable rule after /k/ before all consonants except /r/ .
it now [stays] as a variable rule after /k/ before all consonants except /r/ .

However , Ford stresses the limits to the Participative Management programme , that structural changes have been tentative and marginal while cultural change remains an intention rather than an achievement .
however , ford stresses the limits to the participative management programme , that structural changes have been tentative and marginal while cultural change [stays] an intention rather than an achievement .

How task forces will develop to tackle other business opportunities and problems remains to be seen .
how task forces will develop to tackle other business opportunities and problems [stays] to be seen .

Long-term employment and extremely low rate of labour mobility ensure that shared knowledge remains internal to the enterprise and that leakage is minimal .
long-term employment and extremely low rate of labour mobility ensure that shared knowledge [stays] internal to the enterprise and that leakage is minimal .

Whichever conception of social representation is adopted , the importance of argumentation remains , for the thinking society must be an arguing society .
whichever conception of social representation is adopted , the importance of argumentation [stays] , for the thinking society must be an arguing society .

The pro-Palestinian stance of Nationalism Today is clearly expressed in issue number forty-two ( undated , but published in early 1988 ) : ‘ The eradication of Zionism , by the liberation of Palestine , remains the only hope for true peace in the Middle East ’ ( p. 10 ) .
the pro-palestinian stance of nationalism today is clearly expressed in issue number forty-two ( undated , but published in early 1988 ) : ‘ the eradication of zionism , by the liberation of palestine , [stays] the only hope for true peace in the middle east ’ ( p. 10 ) .

Procedure in the High Court remains complex and cases take a considerable time to come to trial .
procedure in the high court [stays] complex and cases take a considerable time to come to trial .

The discipline within anthropology which maintained the closest relation to material culture studies was archaeology , which has always been highly dependent upon such studies , since its task of resurrecting ancient societies is based in large measure on the interpretation of the material remains excavated from those societies .
the discipline within anthropology which maintained the closest relation to material culture studies was archaeology , which has always been highly dependent upon such studies , since its task of resurrecting ancient societies is based in large measure on the interpretation of the material [stays] excavated from those societies .

Given the history of socialist economies , it is doubtful whether even a far more radical and complete transformation of the relations of production would , of itself , have removed this basis for class differentiation , and for this reason Morris remains a problematic model for contemporary socialism .
given the history of socialist economies , it is doubtful whether even a far more radical and complete transformation of the relations of production would , of itself , have removed this basis for class differentiation , and for this reason morris [stays] a problematic model for contemporary socialism .

Even while the system remains capitalist it may at different phases be dominated by differently organized social and economic structures .
even while the system [stays] capitalist it may at different phases be dominated by differently organized social and economic structures .

However , the problem of accountability for the nationalized industries remains in conflict .
however , the problem of accountability for the nationalized industries [stays] in conflict .

Certainly the nationalized industry chairmen are in no doubt that secrecy avoids several problems , and it remains the case that detailed knowledge about how these major industries perform remains very limited .
certainly the nationalized industry chairmen are in no doubt that secrecy avoids several problems , and it [stays] the case that detailed knowledge about how these major industries perform [stays] very limited .

While many new ideas have been promoted for budgetary reform it remains the case that they have generally failed to gain general acceptance . As Jones and Pendlebury ( 1984 , p. 130 ) state :
while many new ideas have been promoted for budgetary reform it [stays] the case that they have generally failed to gain general acceptance . as jones and pendlebury ( 1984 , p. 130 ) state :

Although it is sometimes realized that the demands of public sector accountability and decision making in a political context can serve to limit the extent to which concepts of efficiency derived from the private sector can be applied uncritically in the public sector domain , there nevertheless remains a feeling that much more could be done to improve resource utilisation .
although it is sometimes realized that the demands of public sector accountability and decision making in a political context can serve to limit the extent to which concepts of efficiency derived from the private sector can be applied uncritically in the public sector domain , there nevertheless [stays] a feeling that much more could be done to improve resource utilisation .

Efficiency remains a very real and persuasive dream .
efficiency [stays] a very real and persuasive dream .

But even if the results are modest , the successful innovation aims from the beginning to become the standard setter , to determine the direction of a new technology or a new industry , to create the business that is — and remains — ahead of the pack .
but even if the results are modest , the successful innovation aims from the beginning to become the standard setter , to determine the direction of a new technology or a new industry , to create the business that is — and [stays] — ahead of the pack .

Yet the old myth of the entrepreneurial hero remains powerful .
yet the old myth of the entrepreneurial hero [stays] powerful .

The Dukeries was , and largely remains , a rural area of two contrasting types of land use — rich agricultural land , typical of lowland England , and the extensive woodlands of Sherwood Forest ( figure 4.4 ) .
the dukeries was , and largely [stays] , a rural area of two contrasting types of land use — rich agricultural land , typical of lowland england , and the extensive woodlands of sherwood forest ( figure 4.4 ) .

It remains the criterion of pollution , despite its irregular enforcement ; as such it creates a zone of officially tolerated ‘ pollution ’ which will vary as the standard and the setting of the discharge vary .
it [stays] the criterion of pollution , despite its irregular enforcement ; as such it creates a zone of officially tolerated ‘ pollution ’ which will vary as the standard and the setting of the discharge vary .

And it remains the legally enforceable standard of pollution if customary enforcement practices are suspended .
and it [stays] the legally enforceable standard of pollution if customary enforcement practices are suspended .

In its basic form , this conception of the meaning of a word is of limited usefulness : much important information concerning word-meaning remains , as it were , latent .
in its basic form , this conception of the meaning of a word is of limited usefulness : much important information concerning word-meaning [stays] , as it were , latent .

However , idioms also tend to resist interruption by material which , as long as it remains ‘ outside ’ the idiom , is semantically compatible :
however , idioms also tend to resist interruption by material which , as long as it [stays] ‘ outside ’ the idiom , is semantically compatible :

Horse and mare in 16a and b do not represent a genuine but contextually restricted form of synonymy : their semantic distinctness remains , and can easily be made manifest .
horse and mare in 16a and b do not represent a genuine but contextually restricted form of synonymy : their semantic distinctness [stays] , and can easily be made manifest .

Indeed , although no industry figures are available , it is clear even from casual enquiries that the market for handheld media remains very small compared to other electronic sectors such as online databases and compact disc information products .
indeed , although no industry figures are available , it is clear even from casual enquiries that the market for handheld media [stays] very small compared to other electronic sectors such as online databases and compact disc information products .

This means that whatever disc application is being run , the basic search and retrievable functionality remains the same .
this means that whatever disc application is being run , the basic search and retrievable functionality [stays] the same .

Nevertheless , in a different sense , it remains a fiction , for appearances — as such stories themselves sometimes remind us-can deceive .
nevertheless , in a different sense , it [stays] a fiction , for appearances — as such stories themselves sometimes remind us-can deceive .

Strawberry Hill itself , like the Dairy at Blaise , is only superficially irregular , for the disposition of the house remains symmetrical .
strawberry hill itself , like the dairy at blaise , is only superficially irregular , for the disposition of the house [stays] symmetrical .

Nothing today remains of Fonthill Abbey , though Strawberry Hill is still more or less intact .
nothing today [stays] of fonthill abbey , though strawberry hill is still more or less intact .

8c ) , from either point of view , remains symmetrical , although it has acquired a conservatory to one side , and a range of offices to the other .
8c ) , from either point of view , [stays] symmetrical , although it has acquired a conservatory to one side , and a range of offices to the other .

Beyond the Second World War , though the View remains , they find that they have lost the Room for good .
beyond the second world war , though the view [stays] , they find that they have lost the room for good .

Those portraits , and the chill damp of the ominously vacant house that contains them , have already been so vividly impressed on us by Dickens that , for many readers , this remains their dominant , and perhaps exclusive , impression .
those portraits , and the chill damp of the ominously vacant house that contains them , have already been so vividly impressed on us by dickens that , for many readers , this [stays] their dominant , and perhaps exclusive , impression .

Although the great house remains the focus of her village society of two or three families , their pervasive flaw is a pride and ceremony that detracts from comfort — that middle-class word which was to be so crucial for the Victorians .
although the great house [stays] the focus of her village society of two or three families , their pervasive flaw is a pride and ceremony that detracts from comfort — that middle-class word which was to be so crucial for the victorians .

His notion of what ( or even when ) the middle ages were remains extremely vague ; his conviction that the values they embodied could provide an answer to the Condition of England question was correspondingly intense .
his notion of what ( or even when ) the middle ages were [stays] extremely vague ; his conviction that the values they embodied could provide an answer to the condition of england question was correspondingly intense .

But when the veil is removed , the interest of its necessity remains , for in both cases it has covered the inadmissible aspects of that social institution , marriage .
but when the veil is removed , the interest of its necessity [stays] , for in both cases it has covered the inadmissible aspects of that social institution , marriage .

His priority remains external appearance , for ‘ the advancement of Public Taste requires more than this — that we should combine convenience of arrangement with elegance in external appearance ; a point of much consequence to the general aspect of the country ’ .
his priority [stays] external appearance , for ‘ the advancement of public taste requires more than this — that we should combine convenience of arrangement with elegance in external appearance ; a point of much consequence to the general aspect of the country ’ .

Whatever the relative merits of encouraging teacher development or the development of the whole school , the ultimate goal remains the same : the improvement of opportunities for learning among pupils .
whatever the relative merits of encouraging teacher development or the development of the whole school , the ultimate goal [stays] the same : the improvement of opportunities for learning among pupils .

Most of what remains of Needwood Forest in Staffordshire has such an appearance , as has Charnwood Forest in Leicestershire the latter dating from 1829 .
most of what [stays] of needwood forest in staffordshire has such an appearance , as has charnwood forest in leicestershire the latter dating from 1829 .

Much of the detail contained in this chapter remains as true now as when it was written .
much of the detail contained in this chapter [stays] as true now as when it was written .

Much of the study of industrial remains is still at the level of recording ‘ nuts and bolts ’ .
much of the study of industrial [stays] is still at the level of recording ‘ nuts and bolts ’ .

As a result , almost nothing remains of , say , the pottery industry of Stoke on Trent and its neighbouring towns and most of the Lancashire and west Yorkshire textile mills have been abandoned , demolished or are under threat .
as a result , almost nothing [stays] of , say , the pottery industry of stoke on trent and its neighbouring towns and most of the lancashire and west yorkshire textile mills have been abandoned , demolished or are under threat .

It is also a curious fact that the older the remains of industry are the better they are regarded .
it is also a curious fact that the older the [stays] of industry are the better they are regarded .

The remains of eighteenth-century lead mines on the Pennines are preserved .
the [stays] of eighteenth-century lead mines on the pennines are preserved .

’ The iron industry , centred in the Wealden woods , was steadily changing the face of the landscape in this region from the middle of the sixteenth century onwards , and a good deal remains to be seen by the historically minded traveller .
’ the iron industry , centred in the wealden woods , was steadily changing the face of the landscape in this region from the middle of the sixteenth century onwards , and a good deal [stays] to be seen by the historically minded traveller .

Parts of it have been taken over for a secondary motor road , but much of it remains remote and quiet , rarely disturbed by a human voice .
parts of it have been taken over for a secondary motor road , but much of it [stays] remote and quiet , rarely disturbed by a human voice .

True , these property rights could have been dealt with by a determined planner , but the fact remains that they were not .
true , these property rights could have been dealt with by a determined planner , but the fact [stays] that they were not .

Red Lion Square , covering about half an acre at the most , and mostly taken up by the Great North Road , represents just the shrunken remains of a market place that once covered about five times that area .
red lion square , covering about half an acre at the most , and mostly taken up by the great north road , represents just the shrunken [stays] of a market place that once covered about five times that area .

Much of the old field pattern therefore remains , with its tangle of deep lanes and thick hedges .
much of the old field pattern therefore [stays] , with its tangle of deep lanes and thick hedges .

Biarritz remains a tremendously solid , lordly town , far wealthier than anything else in this part of France .
biarritz [stays] a tremendously solid , lordly town , far wealthier than anything else in this part of france .

It remains a valetudinarian place , with baths a mile out of town to the east where plenty of people still go for treatment .
it [stays] a valetudinarian place , with baths a mile out of town to the east where plenty of people still go for treatment .

The tower , like other of the medieval remains of Sauveterre ( all of them numbered and labelled by the tourist authorities , as if they were clues in an architectural treasure hunt ) , is alive with pigeons and with palombes , wisely sitting out the shooting season in town .
the tower , like other of the medieval [stays] of sauveterre ( all of them numbered and labelled by the tourist authorities , as if they were clues in an architectural treasure hunt ) , is alive with pigeons and with palombes , wisely sitting out the shooting season in town .

Her remains were stolen and hidden at the foot of an oak tree in this valley , to be eventually found , in the familiar manner of such discoveries , by an inquisitively rooting ox , whose horns at once lit indicatively up .
her [stays] were stolen and hidden at the foot of an oak tree in this valley , to be eventually found , in the familiar manner of such discoveries , by an inquisitively rooting ox , whose horns at once lit indicatively up .

The track remains in position but rusty with disuse , the car having put the train almost completely out of business in the Pyrenees .
the track [stays] in position but rusty with disuse , the car having put the train almost completely out of business in the pyrenees .

The old citadel remains ; a fortified entrance gate , a ruined keep , some fine slabs of wall .
the old citadel [stays] ; a fortified entrance gate , a ruined keep , some fine slabs of wall .

There are other rooms in the Museum showing furniture , costumes , prehistoric remains , wildlife , tools , porcelain , and so on .
there are other rooms in the museum showing furniture , costumes , prehistoric [stays] , wildlife , tools , porcelain , and so on .

Whether it is possible to generate a political discourse capable of articulating the distinctive needs and historical experiences of black Europeans remains to be seen .
whether it is possible to generate a political discourse capable of articulating the distinctive needs and historical experiences of black europeans [stays] to be seen .

Class remains synonymous with organized labour , regardless of the fact that in the context of local authorities organized labour is not always very radical .
class [stays] synonymous with organized labour , regardless of the fact that in the context of local authorities organized labour is not always very radical .

Sometimes it is argued that this requires a form of discourse which breaks with principles of narrative continuity and follows a purely analytic order of exposition , albeit one which remains open ended and exploratory .
sometimes it is argued that this requires a form of discourse which breaks with principles of narrative continuity and follows a purely analytic order of exposition , albeit one which [stays] open ended and exploratory .

At one level , then , racism tends to be read as a kind of horrific soap opera in which the surface incidents are ever changing , but the underlying plot remains constant , generating one episode of discrimination after another , punctuated by atrocities which have no end even though paradoxically the final , cataclysmic outcome is never in doubt : for it will be the fire next time , the Armageddon which puts an end to chronic injustice , once and for all .
at one level , then , racism tends to be read as a kind of horrific soap opera in which the surface incidents are ever changing , but the underlying plot [stays] constant , generating one episode of discrimination after another , punctuated by atrocities which have no end even though paradoxically the final , cataclysmic outcome is never in doubt : for it will be the fire next time , the armageddon which puts an end to chronic injustice , once and for all .

The idea of racism as a product of ignorance or superstition is conserved for ‘ the uneducated masses ’ while it remains a ‘ rational choice ’ for the elite .
the idea of racism as a product of ignorance or superstition is conserved for ‘ the uneducated masses ’ while it [stays] a ‘ rational choice ’ for the elite .

For over fifty million people , the Nile remains life itself .
for over fifty million people , the nile [stays] life itself .

His remains lay in a coffin beneath a red cloth embroidered with crosses .
his [stays] lay in a coffin beneath a red cloth embroidered with crosses .

The visible remains were disappointingly recent , primarily Graeco-Roman .
the visible [stays] were disappointingly recent , primarily graeco-roman .

The water-table at Hermopolis had risen to overtake many of the remains .
the water-table at hermopolis had risen to overtake many of the [stays] .

The question remains to what extent Wilson himself was a contributing factor to the debacle .
the question [stays] to what extent wilson himself was a contributing factor to the debacle .

In the case of the example in the preceding paragraph , the maintenance function remains performed by permanent staff but the development function is now performed by temporary staff brought in via an agency .
in the case of the example in the preceding paragraph , the maintenance function [stays] performed by permanent staff but the development function is now performed by temporary staff brought in via an agency .

On the other hand , the effective independence of the individual contract programmer or analyst is not thereby enhanced , and he remains as dependent as the temporary secretary or typist upon intermediaries ( the agencies ) to provide a flow of work .
on the other hand , the effective independence of the individual contract programmer or analyst is not thereby enhanced , and he [stays] as dependent as the temporary secretary or typist upon intermediaries ( the agencies ) to provide a flow of work .

Interfaces into that space are permitted but the functionality remains unchecked as geometric entities exist in only one intersecting sub-space .
interfaces into that space are permitted but the functionality [stays] unchecked as geometric entities exist in only one intersecting sub-space .

The nation thus still remains largely unknown to the world , and to herself .
the nation thus still [stays] largely unknown to the world , and to herself .

To pass beyond it is to cross the threshold into another dimension which , for all its pragmatic gifts to the West over the centuries , remains as mysteriously little-known to us now as it was for the first explorers .
to pass beyond it is to cross the threshold into another dimension which , for all its pragmatic gifts to the west over the centuries , [stays] as mysteriously little-known to us now as it was for the first explorers .

Drake 's most treasured Indonesian memento was a mummified `` mermaid `` from Sumatra , which aroused much excitement as the proof that mythological beings were alive and well in the Eastern seas , even if their mortal remains oddly resembled the resinous union of a fish and a monkey .
drake 's most treasured indonesian memento was a mummified `` mermaid `` from sumatra , which aroused much excitement as the proof that mythological beings were alive and well in the eastern seas , even if their mortal [stays] oddly resembled the resinous union of a fish and a monkey .

However , one evening an imposing delegation of Tominahs arrived unannounced in our royal upstairs boudoir to inform Ranteallo that the spiritual path was finally clear to transfer Puang Sangalla 's remains from its abode of four years , a quarter of a mile away , to the death-house in the Rante for the culminating month of final rites .
however , one evening an imposing delegation of tominahs arrived unannounced in our royal upstairs boudoir to inform ranteallo that the spiritual path was finally clear to transfer puang sangalla 's [stays] from its abode of four years , a quarter of a mile away , to the death-house in the rante for the culminating month of final rites .

Even the tracks smelt like pythons , over and above the surrounding stench , and football-sized bundles of bones were pointed out to us as the regurgitated remains of their meals .
even the tracks smelt like pythons , over and above the surrounding stench , and football-sized bundles of bones were pointed out to us as the regurgitated [stays] of their meals .

What method they use to detect such minute variations in magnetism remains a mystery , however .
what method they use to detect such minute variations in magnetism [stays] a mystery , however .

However , for most of the winter it remains still and cold , giving every appearance of being dead .
however , for most of the winter it [stays] still and cold , giving every appearance of being dead .

Once dormant , however , their metabolism slows down so much that the pineal is virtually switched off , and how they manage to rouse themselves at the correct time remains a mystery .
once dormant , however , their metabolism slows down so much that the pineal is virtually switched off , and how they manage to rouse themselves at the correct time [stays] a mystery .

g ) What fraction of the rectangle still remains unshaded ?
g ) what fraction of the rectangle still [stays] unshaded ?

4 Mr Smith spends of his wage on food and ⅗ of his wage on clothes and rent . What fraction of his wage remains ?
4 mr smith spends of his wage on food and ⅗ of his wage on clothes and rent . what fraction of his wage [stays] ?

3 12 pieces of string each 38cm long are cut from a piece 4.8m long . What length of string remains ?
3 12 pieces of string each 38cm long are cut from a piece 4.8m long . what length of string [stays] ?

Experience with practical calculations helps , but even after years of work one usually remains this side of infallibility .
experience with practical calculations helps , but even after years of work one usually [stays] this side of infallibility .

The electric field remains unchanged and the electric flux density increases by a factor Er .
the electric field [stays] unchanged and the electric flux density increases by a factor er .

The magnetic field remains unchanged and the magnetic flux density increases by a factor .
the magnetic field [stays] unchanged and the magnetic flux density increases by a factor .

Assuming that the magnetic field produced by the currents in the disc is negligible in comparison with the magnetic field postulated , the electric field distribution remains the same and the corresponding current density is given by .
assuming that the magnetic field produced by the currents in the disc is negligible in comparison with the magnetic field postulated , the electric field distribution [stays] the same and the corresponding current density is given by .

He also pointed out the amendment in section 26 of the Criminal Justice Act 1991 ( effective from 1 October 1992 ) reducing the maximum term of imprisonment for theft from ten to seven years , thereby distinguishing theft from obtaining by deception , the maximum term for which remains at ten years .
he also pointed out the amendment in section 26 of the criminal justice act 1991 ( effective from 1 october 1992 ) reducing the maximum term of imprisonment for theft from ten to seven years , thereby distinguishing theft from obtaining by deception , the maximum term for which [stays] at ten years .

If my submissions are correct , the question finally remains whether your Lordships are bound by the doctrine of precedent to follow and apply the statements in Reg .
if my submissions are correct , the question finally [stays] whether your lordships are bound by the doctrine of precedent to follow and apply the statements in reg .

" Well , that remains to be seen . "
" well , that [stays] to be seen . "

Be careful with soilless composts they have a nasty tendency to become bone-dry in the middle , while the surface remains moist and apparently well watered .
be careful with soilless composts they have a nasty tendency to become bone-dry in the middle , while the surface [stays] moist and apparently well watered .

It was found amongst the names of herbs used by Egyptian doctors 5,000 years ago and remains of the plant have been found in the ruins of Roman buildings in Britain .
it was found amongst the names of herbs used by egyptian doctors 5,000 years ago and [stays] of the plant have been found in the ruins of roman buildings in britain .

It remains green and leafy through the winter .
it [stays] green and leafy through the winter .

Unlike though it seems the horsetails are plants left over from prehistoric times , having survived almost unchanged for hundred of millions of years , judging by the evidence of fossil remains .
unlike though it seems the horsetails are plants left over from prehistoric times , having survived almost unchanged for hundred of millions of years , judging by the evidence of fossil [stays] .

If it has , you could record your own soundtrack onto one audio track on the videotape , while the recorded track remains untouched on the other .
if it has , you could record your own soundtrack onto one audio track on the videotape , while the recorded track [stays] untouched on the other .

To the feral reek of buffalo , horse and fowl and the sour remains of human nourishment was added suddenly a smoky , faintly ammoniac odour of female flesh , entirely new to him .
to the feral reek of buffalo , horse and fowl and the sour [stays] of human nourishment was added suddenly a smoky , faintly ammoniac odour of female flesh , entirely new to him .

Just as the key factor or phrase may be changed so the rest of the wording of the question could alter , but the basic form of the problem remains the same .
just as the key factor or phrase may be changed so the rest of the wording of the question could alter , but the basic form of the problem [stays] the same .

The groove is repaired but the `` scar `` remains .
the groove is repaired but the `` scar `` [stays] .

Or was it because he was the way he was that she had walked out one day when Dadda was at work and he at school , leaving a note on the kitchen table and the remains of the week 's housekeeping money ?
or was it because he was the way he was that she had walked out one day when dadda was at work and he at school , leaving a note on the kitchen table and the [stays] of the week 's housekeeping money ?

Now , in the dales beyond he could see the remains of the old mine workings .
now , in the dales beyond he could see the [stays] of the old mine workings .

The causeway commanded a view of all this region of the moor , but once he had jumped down and was in the shallow bowl of Goughdale , he could see nothing except the remains of surface workings and the louring slopes of Big Allen .
the causeway commanded a view of all this region of the moor , but once he had jumped down and was in the shallow bowl of goughdale , he could see nothing except the [stays] of surface workings and the louring slopes of big allen .

The precise stage reached by the Yakuts remains more controversial , but Soviet historians generally agree that their tribal society was already decaying , so that the Russians found a community with marked class differences .
the precise stage reached by the yakuts [stays] more controversial , but soviet historians generally agree that their tribal society was already decaying , so that the russians found a community with marked class differences .

The part of the frame that is covered , or protected from light , remains unexposed .
the part of the frame that is covered , or protected from light , [stays] unexposed .

The influence remains dominant even when it becomes clear that the ill-health of many people has often more to do with the context of their lives and factors such as poverty , lack of access to land and food security , sanitation and employment .
the influence [stays] dominant even when it becomes clear that the ill-health of many people has often more to do with the context of their lives and factors such as poverty , lack of access to land and food security , sanitation and employment .

The spirit of resistance remains strong and community activists , nongovernmental organisations and health unions are fighting to defend Nicaragua 's achievements in health .
the spirit of resistance [stays] strong and community activists , nongovernmental organisations and health unions are fighting to defend nicaragua 's achievements in health .

The girl shouted abuse after him , then picked up her baby for comfort , and settled down to watch telly with the remains of a bag of cheese and onion crisps .
the girl shouted abuse after him , then picked up her baby for comfort , and settled down to watch telly with the [stays] of a bag of cheese and onion crisps .

Nothing has basically changed , however : the mimicry of bygone styles remains just as immaculate as in Visconti 's work , not only in costumes and hairstyles , in sets and shop-fronts , but down to that surprisingly potent signifier of the recent past , the typeface ( as in all those beguiling un-period credit titles ) .
nothing has basically changed , however : the mimicry of bygone styles [stays] just as immaculate as in visconti 's work , not only in costumes and hairstyles , in sets and shop-fronts , but down to that surprisingly potent signifier of the recent past , the typeface ( as in all those beguiling un-period credit titles ) .

Clearly the egalitarian society remains a dream .
clearly the egalitarian society [stays] a dream .

Although the long-term trend is towards greater equality , most wealth still remains concentrated in the hands of a small minority .
although the long-term trend is towards greater equality , most wealth still [stays] concentrated in the hands of a small minority .

It remains something of a surprise that at a time when conserving species diversity is valued so highly , so little priority is given to listing the basics of what species there are to be conserved or lost .
it [stays] something of a surprise that at a time when conserving species diversity is valued so highly , so little priority is given to listing the basics of what species there are to be conserved or lost .

‘ while this court held that there was a settlement , there remains to be determined , if the plaintiffs persist with it , the claim or allegation by them that the settlement has been cancelled for breach .
‘ while this court held that there was a settlement , there [stays] to be determined , if the plaintiffs persist with it , the claim or allegation by them that the settlement has been cancelled for breach .

Evidently it remains alive .
evidently it [stays] alive .

Whether or not it has any prospect of success this court is in no position to determine , but while it remains alive we do not consider that the judgment of this court can be described as final within the meaning of rule 2 ( a ) .
whether or not it has any prospect of success this court is in no position to determine , but while it [stays] alive we do not consider that the judgment of this court can be described as final within the meaning of rule 2 ( a ) .

Unless an appeal committee comes to the conclusion that compliance with the parents ' preference would prejudice the provision of efficient education or the efficient use of resources , the local education authority remains under a duty to comply with the expressed preference and if they fail to do so they are in breach of duty .
unless an appeal committee comes to the conclusion that compliance with the parents ' preference would prejudice the provision of efficient education or the efficient use of resources , the local education authority [stays] under a duty to comply with the expressed preference and if they fail to do so they are in breach of duty .

It remains to discuss the right-hand side .
it [stays] to discuss the right-hand side .

The probability of the universal generalization being true is thus a finite number divided by an infinite number , which remains zero however much the finite number of observation statements constituting the evidence is increased .
the probability of the universal generalization being true is thus a finite number divided by an infinite number , which [stays] zero however much the finite number of observation statements constituting the evidence is increased .

And yet it seems reasonable to suppose that , since it remains the same object viewed by the observer , the retinal images do not change .
and yet it seems reasonable to suppose that , since it [stays] the same object viewed by the observer , the retinal images do not change .

However , once new laws and theories have been arrived at , no matter by what route , there remains the question of the adequacy of those laws and theories .
however , once new laws and theories have been arrived at , no matter by what route , there [stays] the question of the adequacy of those laws and theories .

It amounts to telling the reader that if he has a bet today , he might win , which remains true whether he bets or not , and if he does , whether he wins or not .
it amounts to telling the reader that if he has a bet today , he might win , which [stays] true whether he bets or not , and if he does , whether he wins or not .

Dominated , not monopolized : the obvious physical impressiveness of the remains in the city , and its consequent attraction for archaeologists , can easily lead , and has led in the past , to a neglect of the deme , the local population centre .
dominated , not monopolized : the obvious physical impressiveness of the [stays] in the city , and its consequent attraction for archaeologists , can easily lead , and has led in the past , to a neglect of the deme , the local population centre .

In general , the further from Athens you go , the more impressive the remains become .
in general , the further from athens you go , the more impressive the [stays] become .

Some inhabitants of Attica perhaps did not bother much with either deme or polis politics : the country house below the cave of Pan at Vari ( the ancient deme of Anagyruus ) , whose remains were cleared and studied by the British School at Athens and published in 1973 , gives an impression of self-sufficiency — there is copious archaeological evidence for bee-keeping at the Vari villa — and peace , a long way from the speechmakers of the Pnyx .
some inhabitants of attica perhaps did not bother much with either deme or polis politics : the country house below the cave of pan at vari ( the ancient deme of anagyruus ) , whose [stays] were cleared and studied by the british school at athens and published in 1973 , gives an impression of self-sufficiency — there is copious archaeological evidence for bee-keeping at the vari villa — and peace , a long way from the speechmakers of the pnyx .

’ ( Dennis and Clout 1980 , p. 153 ) , even if there remains a strong private rental sector in rural areas and many owner-occupiers are already ‘ well-to-do ’ .
’ ( dennis and clout 1980 , p. 153 ) , even if there [stays] a strong private rental sector in rural areas and many owner-occupiers are already ‘ well-to-do ’ .

It is clear that housing remains very much , as Berry ( 1974 ) described it , a political football ' , with different political parties favouring varying policies to each tenure .
it is clear that housing [stays] very much , as berry ( 1974 ) described it , a political football ' , with different political parties favouring varying policies to each tenure .

While 73 per cent of economically active heads of households in the General Household Survey of 1980 had one or more cars , the fact remains that three in five adults even in car-owning households do not drive , and many more do not have a car available for use during the daytime ( Hillman and Whalley 1977 ) .
while 73 per cent of economically active heads of households in the general household survey of 1980 had one or more cars , the fact [stays] that three in five adults even in car-owning households do not drive , and many more do not have a car available for use during the daytime ( hillman and whalley 1977 ) .

One area of reasonably firm public support remains the school bus .
one area of reasonably firm public support [stays] the school bus .

The concern is that while the criminal derives profit from the depiction of the story , the victim remains damaged by the experience .
the concern is that while the criminal derives profit from the depiction of the story , the victim [stays] damaged by the experience .

But what then is the difference between being told the truth and being shown it , and does the difference really matter ? Since in both cases the end , getting a true belief , is the same , the difference must lie in the means ; but what the difference is , and why it matters , remains to be seen .
but what then is the difference between being told the truth and being shown it , and does the difference really matter ? since in both cases the end , getting a true belief , is the same , the difference must lie in the means ; but what the difference is , and why it matters , [stays] to be seen .

While this approach is problematical , his emphasis on the totality remains important .
while this approach is problematical , his emphasis on the totality [stays] important .

Triadic harmony , which may have originated in oral practice ( improvised parallel singing ) , was for good reasons highly developed in notated music but remains fundamental to most recorded music .
triadic harmony , which may have originated in oral practice ( improvised parallel singing ) , was for good reasons highly developed in notated music but [stays] fundamental to most recorded music .

planning on the part of large-scale enterprises , that is , remains a planning directed towards the production of commodities at a profit , in competition with other large enterprises .
planning on the part of large-scale enterprises , that is , [stays] a planning directed towards the production of commodities at a profit , in competition with other large enterprises .

We have perhaps conceded too much to ‘ pension find socialism ’ : although workers ' savings are very important it remains true that income ( and hence saving ) is highly unequally distributed .
we have perhaps conceded too much to ‘ pension find socialism ’ : although workers ' savings are very important it [stays] true that income ( and hence saving ) is highly unequally distributed .

So long as the broad configuration of the economy remains capitalist , with enterprises producing commodities for profit , ‘ Industrial Democracy , is bound to function merely as a means of incorporating workers , representatives into a capitalistic rationality .
so long as the broad configuration of the economy [stays] capitalist , with enterprises producing commodities for profit , ‘ industrial democracy , is bound to function merely as a means of incorporating workers , representatives into a capitalistic rationality .

For the manual working class the pattern of mobility has had a double-edged effect , on the one hand increasing the possibility of ‘ social advancement ’ ( although this remains slim for men who have passed their mid-20s ) , while on the other reducing the influx of people from other backgrounds .
for the manual working class the pattern of mobility has had a double-edged effect , on the one hand increasing the possibility of ‘ social advancement ’ ( although this [stays] slim for men who have passed their mid-20s ) , while on the other reducing the influx of people from other backgrounds .

The manual working class may not be divided by social origin , but it remains divided by industry , region , housing tenure and other factors , which are not politically irrelevant .
the manual working class may not be divided by social origin , but it [stays] divided by industry , region , housing tenure and other factors , which are not politically irrelevant .

It is curious to note that her name remains nevertheless associated with the ‘ bright young things ’ of the ‘ decadent ’ sixties and early seventies .
it is curious to note that her name [stays] nevertheless associated with the ‘ bright young things ’ of the ‘ decadent ’ sixties and early seventies .

It is unfortunate that the male-domination of the profession of sculptor to which Glaves-Smith refers in his introductory essay remains intact , with no work by a woman on display .
it is unfortunate that the male-domination of the profession of sculptor to which glaves-smith refers in his introductory essay [stays] intact , with no work by a woman on display .

John Berger 's exercise in Ways of Seeing of swapping the sex , while maintaining the body language and expression , of images of man and woman , remains a valid and simple kick start to an analysis of the politics of the representation of gender — whether Cadbury 's flake ads , Boucher 's ‘ Miss O'Murphy ’ , fashion photography , or the House of Commons …
john berger 's exercise in ways of seeing of swapping the sex , while maintaining the body language and expression , of images of man and woman , [stays] a valid and simple kick start to an analysis of the politics of the representation of gender — whether cadbury 's flake ads , boucher 's ‘ miss o'murphy ’ , fashion photography , or the house of commons …

Where this might lead us in terms of political thought remains to be seen .
where this might lead us in terms of political thought [stays] to be seen .

In 1964 they revised their articles of association and became registered but the main aim remains that of representing the interests of women artists .
in 1964 they revised their articles of association and became registered but the main aim [stays] that of representing the interests of women artists .

It remains true that , apart from the foral provinces , government became more effective , defined , and concentrated as it approached the subject .
it [stays] true that , apart from the foral provinces , government became more effective , defined , and concentrated as it approached the subject .

What remains true is that the enlightened were a minority within the nation as a whole , which neither shared nor understood the patriotism of these ‘ medieval knights , noble , generous men of the spirit ’ .
what [stays] true is that the enlightened were a minority within the nation as a whole , which neither shared nor understood the patriotism of these ‘ medieval knights , noble , generous men of the spirit ’ .

Yet there can be little doubt that Joseph 's reformism was genuine and was combined with an attempt to appeal to the national past ; he encouraged the national theatre , set up a commission to exhume Cervantes ' remains , patronized a national museum of painting .
yet there can be little doubt that joseph 's reformism was genuine and was combined with an attempt to appeal to the national past ; he encouraged the national theatre , set up a commission to exhume cervantes ' [stays] , patronized a national museum of painting .

The fact remains that the finest jades of the archaic period in China were symbolic in character and served no purpose in technology .
the fact [stays] that the finest jades of the archaic period in china were symbolic in character and served no purpose in technology .

Nearly seven thousand were found with remains of the Lady Hao , consort of Wu Ding , fourth king of the Shang dynasty , together with sixteen human and six canine sacrifices , many bronzes including over two hundred ritual vessels , and large numbers of jades .
nearly seven thousand were found with [stays] of the lady hao , consort of wu ding , fourth king of the shang dynasty , together with sixteen human and six canine sacrifices , many bronzes including over two hundred ritual vessels , and large numbers of jades .

Hellenistic and Roman jewellers continued to rely heavily on garnets , though whether they supplemented Egyptian stones with ones from more remote sources in India or Sri Lanka remains unsure .
hellenistic and roman jewellers continued to rely heavily on garnets , though whether they supplemented egyptian stones with ones from more remote sources in india or sri lanka [stays] unsure .

When rubies began to play their part remains uncertain .
when rubies began to play their part [stays] uncertain .

It remains to mention a point much relied upon by the applicant , namely that if section 2 stands unqualified , the investigation will continue in being , and hence the inquisitorial powers of the Director will continue to be exercisable , until the prosecution is either dropped , or concluded by a verdict .
it [stays] to mention a point much relied upon by the applicant , namely that if section 2 stands unqualified , the investigation will continue in being , and hence the inquisitorial powers of the director will continue to be exercisable , until the prosecution is either dropped , or concluded by a verdict .

The historical legitimacy of the Great October Revolution , and the direct line of succession running from the victorious Bolsheviks to the Central Committee of today , remains fundamental to the way in which the Soviet establishment views itself and wishes to be viewed .
the historical legitimacy of the great october revolution , and the direct line of succession running from the victorious bolsheviks to the central committee of today , [stays] fundamental to the way in which the soviet establishment views itself and wishes to be viewed .

Despite relegation on the last day of the season ( which he regards as something of a relief , peace at last for a terminally ill football team ) , his favourite , most lovingly cherished day of suffering remains April 13 , 1985 .
despite relegation on the last day of the season ( which he regards as something of a relief , peace at last for a terminally ill football team ) , his favourite , most lovingly cherished day of suffering [stays] april 13 , 1985 .

What remains is released into an elaborate system of drains , penstocks , pumps , flumes , and concrete-sided irrigation ditches , from which it emerges at the Mexican border , severely depleted and laden with salts and pesticides .
what [stays] is released into an elaborate system of drains , penstocks , pumps , flumes , and concrete-sided irrigation ditches , from which it emerges at the mexican border , severely depleted and laden with salts and pesticides .

In his corner , a second pulls Ali 's shirt-tail from his trousers ; the top button remains buttoned .
in his corner , a second pulls ali 's shirt-tail from his trousers ; the top button [stays] buttoned .

The empirical evidence may destroy the reformative aim as a plausible general justification of the penal system , but reform remains a reductivist aim which it may well be right to pursue within a penal system .
the empirical evidence may destroy the reformative aim as a plausible general justification of the penal system , but reform [stays] a reductivist aim which it may well be right to pursue within a penal system .

So despite its popularity and even fashionableness , retributivism remains an implausible justification for our practices of punishment .
so despite its popularity and even fashionableness , retributivism [stays] an implausible justification for our practices of punishment .

The Durkheimian tradition remains a source of influence for non-Marxist penologists as well .
the durkheimian tradition [stays] a source of influence for non-marxist penologists as well .

Whether or not Bottoms ' analysis is correct , the Durkheimian concern with shared social values and sentiments as an explanatory factor remains highly relevant to sociology , and to the explanation of punishment in particular .
whether or not bottoms ' analysis is correct , the durkheimian concern with shared social values and sentiments as an explanatory factor [stays] highly relevant to sociology , and to the explanation of punishment in particular .

The precise form and content of the new-style pre-sentence reports remains to be worked out , but the government has indicated ( Home Office , 1990a : para .
the precise form and content of the new-style pre-sentence reports [stays] to be worked out , but the government has indicated ( home office , 1990a : para .

Yet the fundamental fact remains that there is nowadays much , much less demand than there once was for the crime short story .
yet the fundamental fact [stays] that there is nowadays much , much less demand than there once was for the crime short story .

His remains were then hung on a gibbet as a warning to others .
his [stays] were then hung on a gibbet as a warning to others .

On an evening when he had broken the silence with one of his quietist cracks she would feel a sense of remorse and insufficiency descending on her , and hours later find herself in the larder , eating the remains of whatever was under the meat sieve and weeping that she should do something so self-defeating and stupid .
on an evening when he had broken the silence with one of his quietist cracks she would feel a sense of remorse and insufficiency descending on her , and hours later find herself in the larder , eating the [stays] of whatever was under the meat sieve and weeping that she should do something so self-defeating and stupid .

He was in the restaurant kitchen late one night before closing up , knocking back the remains of four glasses of liqueur from a dirty table , when his head suddenly cleared and he heard some lines from the past in a devastating playback in his head : ‘ You 're better off without me ’ — Bella 's voice , coolly justifying herself to him on the telephone .
he was in the restaurant kitchen late one night before closing up , knocking back the [stays] of four glasses of liqueur from a dirty table , when his head suddenly cleared and he heard some lines from the past in a devastating playback in his head : ‘ you 're better off without me ’ — bella 's voice , coolly justifying herself to him on the telephone .

Those , in concert with fiery remains of the ships and tanks , consumed the airship in a sun-like conflagration .
those , in concert with fiery [stays] of the ships and tanks , consumed the airship in a sun-like conflagration .

One of the moons is in fact the remains of another planet , and it is one of the conclusions of our survey that this is a world which was resettled during the Second Empire .
one of the moons is in fact the [stays] of another planet , and it is one of the conclusions of our survey that this is a world which was resettled during the second empire .

In the presence of marking to the market , provided the changes in the riskless interest rate are known with certainty , while the proof becomes more complicated , the no-arbitrage condition remains valid .
in the presence of marking to the market , provided the changes in the riskless interest rate are known with certainty , while the proof becomes more complicated , the no-arbitrage condition [stays] valid .

The system for returns remains the same , with requests to return authorised by the various publishers ' reps .
the system for returns [stays] the same , with requests to return authorised by the various publishers ' reps .

Contrary to the impression given in last week 's report on the restructuring at Random House , Frances Coady remains Vintage 's publisher in addition to her new job as publisher of the group of companies that includes Cape , Chatto , Vintage and Pimlico .
contrary to the impression given in last week 's report on the restructuring at random house , frances coady [stays] vintage 's publisher in addition to her new job as publisher of the group of companies that includes cape , chatto , vintage and pimlico .

Distribution remains with Bookpoint .
distribution [stays] with bookpoint .

Private nuisance remains fundamentally a remedy for the infringement of a proprietary interest in land .
private nuisance [stays] fundamentally a remedy for the infringement of a proprietary interest in land .

The problem remains , however , of how this should be implemented .
the problem [stays] , however , of how this should be implemented .

The common law liability still remains in all cases which are not covered by statutory provision .
the common law liability still [stays] in all cases which are not covered by statutory provision .

But that is not so , for a bailee has only possession and not ownership ( which remains in the bailor ) , and yet the bailee can sue a third party for conversion .
but that is not so , for a bailee has only possession and not ownership ( which [stays] in the bailor ) , and yet the bailee can sue a third party for conversion .

It is , of course , open to the occupier to regulate the right to possession of lost property by contract with the entrant ; it remains to be seen whether merely putting up notices at the entrance declaring that lost property is to vest in the occupier will be an effective manifestation of the intent to control required by Parker 's case .
it is , of course , open to the occupier to regulate the right to possession of lost property by contract with the entrant ; it [stays] to be seen whether merely putting up notices at the entrance declaring that lost property is to vest in the occupier will be an effective manifestation of the intent to control required by parker 's case .

Licence and the exercise of a right of distress are two common defences to an action for conversion but these have already been considered in relation to trespass to land . It remains to examine the following :
licence and the exercise of a right of distress are two common defences to an action for conversion but these have already been considered in relation to trespass to land . it [stays] to examine the following :

It remains the law that a trade union is not , and is not to be treated as if it were , a body corporate , but a much wider measure of tort liability is now imposed by the Employment Act 1982 .
it [stays] the law that a trade union is not , and is not to be treated as if it were , a body corporate , but a much wider measure of tort liability is now imposed by the employment act 1982 .

The relationship of the doctors to the government was , and remains , a sensitive area .
the relationship of the doctors to the government was , and [stays] , a sensitive area .

In the inner area of London , however , one special ad hoc body remains , which was in fact created when the London reforms of 1963 were enacted : the Inner London Education Authority .
in the inner area of london , however , one special ad hoc body [stays] , which was in fact created when the london reforms of 1963 were enacted : the inner london education authority .

For the present-day old age pensioners , however , the problem of financial insecurity remains .
for the present-day old age pensioners , however , the problem of financial insecurity [stays] .

Some attempts were made to provide specific aid with fuel costs by providing supplementary benefit recipients with a discount or rebate , but these were scrapped under the 1986 Social Security Act , so the problem remains a serious one for many elderly households .
some attempts were made to provide specific aid with fuel costs by providing supplementary benefit recipients with a discount or rebate , but these were scrapped under the 1986 social security act , so the problem [stays] a serious one for many elderly households .

The general position remains one of fragmented concern ; years of relative neglect of this group can not , of course , be easily compensated for by debate and good intentions .
the general position [stays] one of fragmented concern ; years of relative neglect of this group can not , of course , be easily compensated for by debate and good intentions .

There remains a shortage of specially trained teachers and of real secondary education facilities .
there [stays] a shortage of specially trained teachers and of real secondary education facilities .

However , it remains a hard task to convince society that much more should be done to create fairer employment opportunities for the disabled .
however , it [stays] a hard task to convince society that much more should be done to create fairer employment opportunities for the disabled .

It remains to be seen whether such measures will go far to avoid a repetition of the basic abuses , however .
it [stays] to be seen whether such measures will go far to avoid a repetition of the basic abuses , however .

Shortage of resources remains a crucial determinant of standards of care , particularly at long-stay hospitals , and there is little sign that resources will improve much if at all in the next few years .
shortage of resources [stays] a crucial determinant of standards of care , particularly at long-stay hospitals , and there is little sign that resources will improve much if at all in the next few years .

It remains to be seen whether the traditional liberties in Britain , including a degree of local autonomy , can be rescued from arbitrary destruction in the name of the economic ideology of monetarism and the operation of the free market .
it [stays] to be seen whether the traditional liberties in britain , including a degree of local autonomy , can be rescued from arbitrary destruction in the name of the economic ideology of monetarism and the operation of the free market .

Cases reported here were associated with 50 µg oestrogen combined pills , mostly before this risk was recognised ; it remains to be seen whether 30 µg pills are safer , but as the progestogen component may carry a greater hypertensive risk than the oestrogen component all cases still need careful follow up at not less than three monthly intervals .
cases reported here were associated with 50 µg oestrogen combined pills , mostly before this risk was recognised ; it [stays] to be seen whether 30 µg pills are safer , but as the progestogen component may carry a greater hypertensive risk than the oestrogen component all cases still need careful follow up at not less than three monthly intervals .

Whether this approach offers advantages over faecal occult blood testing remains to be established .
whether this approach offers advantages over faecal occult blood testing [stays] to be established .

With further respiratory tract infections there remains a tendency to impaired hearing , but this is transient .
with further respiratory tract infections there [stays] a tendency to impaired hearing , but this is transient .

The sort of strength that allows loss and confusion and remains constant .
the sort of strength that allows loss and confusion and [stays] constant .

He remains unconvinced .
he [stays] unconvinced .

However , overall it remains deeply rooted in notions of a ‘ traditional ’ job and the ‘ standard ’ worker , namely , a full-time employee with a history of continuous employment who is typically male .
however , overall it [stays] deeply rooted in notions of a ‘ traditional ’ job and the ‘ standard ’ worker , namely , a full-time employee with a history of continuous employment who is typically male .

However , the ultimate aim of the legislation — to shed labour and alter workers ' consciousness so that they accept being sacked — remains the same .
however , the ultimate aim of the legislation — to shed labour and alter workers ' consciousness so that they accept being sacked — [stays] the same .

This also disadvantages women because , despite equal pay legislation , men and women 's pay remains unequal .
this also disadvantages women because , despite equal pay legislation , men and women 's pay [stays] unequal .

Thirdly , the lack of adequate and affordable child care remains a significant barrier to employment , even part-time employment .
thirdly , the lack of adequate and affordable child care [stays] a significant barrier to employment , even part-time employment .

The government remains reluctant actively to support or encourage women 's employment despite the fact that women 's employment is growing steadily .
the government [stays] reluctant actively to support or encourage women 's employment despite the fact that women 's employment is growing steadily .

As will be discussed below , recent evidence on the demography of informal care suggests that some modification of these assumptions may be necessary , but in some very important respects the work of providing ‘ care ’ in the ‘ community , remains an issue of central importance to women .
as will be discussed below , recent evidence on the demography of informal care suggests that some modification of these assumptions may be necessary , but in some very important respects the work of providing ‘ care ’ in the ‘ community , [stays] an issue of central importance to women .

Apart from these demographic characteristics of informal care-giving , in other important respects it remains an issue of central importance to women .
apart from these demographic characteristics of informal care-giving , in other important respects it [stays] an issue of central importance to women .

She remains an inspiring example to be remembered and talked of with fondness and good humour .
she [stays] an inspiring example to be remembered and talked of with fondness and good humour .

The Trade Counter remains New Era 's distributor and returns should be sent to the Mendlesham address .
the trade counter [stays] new era 's distributor and returns should be sent to the mendlesham address .

There still remains some way to go in convincing the returnees that a good turnout of big houses is ultimately better for all concerned .
there still [stays] some way to go in convincing the returnees that a good turnout of big houses is ultimately better for all concerned .

An existing area of higher education remains ‘ an opportunity ’ and ‘ a challenge ’ ( for which read ‘ under-served ’ and ‘ difficult ’ ) — that of further education .
an existing area of higher education [stays] ‘ an opportunity ’ and ‘ a challenge ’ ( for which read ‘ under-served ’ and ‘ difficult ’ ) — that of further education .

But if you regard yourself as an experienced dBase user , if you have dBase files and you want to major on your dBase knowledge , dBase remains your best bet .
but if you regard yourself as an experienced dbase user , if you have dbase files and you want to major on your dbase knowledge , dbase [stays] your best bet .

The debate over Matthew Maynard 's appointment as vice-captain of Glamorgan rumbles on in the pubs along the banks for the Taff , Hugh Morris , who was overlooked , remains tactfully silent .
the debate over matthew maynard 's appointment as vice-captain of glamorgan rumbles on in the pubs along the banks for the taff , hugh morris , who was overlooked , [stays] tactfully silent .

One place remains , and who shall have it ?
one place [stays] , and who shall have it ?

We shall know by then if the extraordinary nimbleness and decisiveness of his footwork remains , and if the eye is as glinting as the conglomeration of gold charms that dangle from his necklace .
we shall know by then if the extraordinary nimbleness and decisiveness of his footwork [stays] , and if the eye is as glinting as the conglomeration of gold charms that dangle from his necklace .

Surridge 's five in succession remains a unique achievement .
surridge 's five in succession [stays] a unique achievement .

The service remains in a pit of despair compounded by underfunding and the closure of specialist resources such as Peper Harrow .
the service [stays] in a pit of despair compounded by underfunding and the closure of specialist resources such as peper harrow .

It is sensible therefore that the health departments should give priority for new schemes to areas such as the north west of England and the west of Scotland where the prevalence of dental caries remains high and where large water treatment works allow for economies of scale .
it is sensible therefore that the health departments should give priority for new schemes to areas such as the north west of england and the west of scotland where the prevalence of dental caries [stays] high and where large water treatment works allow for economies of scale .

Experience in the North Western Region , where 18 district health authorities completed consultation in 1988 , and more recently in Strathclyde , Yorkshire , Wessex , and Northern Ireland , clearly shows that health authorities can obtain substantial public and professional support for fluoridation , even though opinion among local authorities remains divided .
experience in the north western region , where 18 district health authorities completed consultation in 1988 , and more recently in strathclyde , yorkshire , wessex , and northern ireland , clearly shows that health authorities can obtain substantial public and professional support for fluoridation , even though opinion among local authorities [stays] divided .

The total number of Alzheimer patients who followed this pathway remains unknown , but community care is much rarer in Scotland than in England and Wales .
the total number of alzheimer patients who followed this pathway [stays] unknown , but community care is much rarer in scotland than in england and wales .

It remains to be seen whether this is practicable .
it [stays] to be seen whether this is practicable .

The 40 remaining patients had proved hypoxaemic events — that is , a fall in skin po 2 and Sao 2 , or both — with no evidence of epilepsy or suffocation and for which the precise mechanism remains undetermined but was probably respiratory in origin .
the 40 remaining patients had proved hypoxaemic events — that is , a fall in skin po 2 and sao 2 , or both — with no evidence of epilepsy or suffocation and for which the precise mechanism [stays] undetermined but was probably respiratory in origin .

In those events in which definite hypoxaemia ( falls in both Sao 2 and skin po 2 ) was identified and in which there was no evidence of epileptic seizure or suffocation the precise mechanism remains uncertain .
in those events in which definite hypoxaemia ( falls in both sao 2 and skin po 2 ) was identified and in which there was no evidence of epileptic seizure or suffocation the precise mechanism [stays] uncertain .

Coronary artery disease remains the main cause of premature disability in the United Kingdom , and patients who have suffered a myocardial infarction form the largest group considered for rehabilitation , although rehabilitation is equally important for patients who have undergone cardiac surgery or suffer from congestive heart failure .
coronary artery disease [stays] the main cause of premature disability in the united kingdom , and patients who have suffered a myocardial infarction form the largest group considered for rehabilitation , although rehabilitation is equally important for patients who have undergone cardiac surgery or suffer from congestive heart failure .

In its current form the implant industry remains a haven for all the excesses of free enterprise .
in its current form the implant industry [stays] a haven for all the excesses of free enterprise .

Treatment remains non-specific and consists predominantly of immunosuppression .
treatment [stays] non-specific and consists predominantly of immunosuppression .

The pathogenicity of Mycobacteria paratuberculosis remains uncertain .
the pathogenicity of mycobacteria paratuberculosis [stays] uncertain .

The association between smoking and cervical neoplasia , however , remains after adjustment has been made for such sexual risk factors .
the association between smoking and cervical neoplasia , however , [stays] after adjustment has been made for such sexual risk factors .

Whether the addition of cisplatin to 5-fluorouracil and leucovorin had any influence on the apparent beneficial effect of palliative chemotherapy in this study remains uncertain .
whether the addition of cisplatin to 5-fluorouracil and leucovorin had any influence on the apparent beneficial effect of palliative chemotherapy in this study [stays] uncertain .

The survival curves for both otoscopic ( fig 1 ) and tympanometric assessments ( fig 2 ) clearly show that fluid remains longest in the no surgery group .
the survival curves for both otoscopic ( fig 1 ) and tympanometric assessments ( fig 2 ) clearly show that fluid [stays] longest in the no surgery group .

All that remains is for their critical application to be supported by imaginative funding .
all that [stays] is for their critical application to be supported by imaginative funding .

That remains .
that [stays] .

It was first mentioned in 909 as Manburon , but the remains of defensive works and lake pile-dwellings indicate that it was inhabited in prehistoric times .
it was first mentioned in 909 as manburon , but the [stays] of defensive works and lake pile-dwellings indicate that it was inhabited in prehistoric times .

There are fine views of the old town from here , and the remains of the original Roman customs house are near at hand .
there are fine views of the old town from here , and the [stays] of the original roman customs house are near at hand .

When you have had your fill of art galleries , there still remains the Konrad Kellenberger collection of clocks in the renovated Town Hall , and the Swiss Technorama , where contemporary technology is skilfully related to everyday life in a way the visitor can understand .
when you have had your fill of art galleries , there still [stays] the konrad kellenberger collection of clocks in the renovated town hall , and the swiss technorama , where contemporary technology is skilfully related to everyday life in a way the visitor can understand .

The Urner See now comes into view , 400m ( 1,312ft ) below , and it remains in view for the rest of the ramble .
the urner see now comes into view , 400m ( 1,312ft ) below , and it [stays] in view for the rest of the ramble .

There are remains of old buildings on a green patch on the shore below .
there are [stays] of old buildings on a green patch on the shore below .

Islands in Loch Ballygrant and Loch Lossit , which still have substantial building remains , can only be reached by boat .
islands in loch ballygrant and loch lossit , which still have substantial building [stays] , can only be reached by boat .

The entrance to one at the east end of Loch Gorm , which can be seen when the water level is low , is rather puzzling and could as easily be the remains of a wall as a path to the island , particularly as when seen in those conditions there appear to be the walls of a square building on the south side about halfway to the island , and if the water level has been raised to improve the fishing it may not be a true crannog .
the entrance to one at the east end of loch gorm , which can be seen when the water level is low , is rather puzzling and could as easily be the [stays] of a wall as a path to the island , particularly as when seen in those conditions there appear to be the walls of a square building on the south side about halfway to the island , and if the water level has been raised to improve the fishing it may not be a true crannog .

It is recounted in local folklore that the humps by the chapel at Kilchiaran Bay are the remains of the huts of St. Columba 's disciples and possibly the round houses near Kilbride , Keills and Achnaclaiche were associated with the chapels there .
it is recounted in local folklore that the humps by the chapel at kilchiaran bay are the [stays] of the huts of st. columba 's disciples and possibly the round houses near kilbride , keills and achnaclaiche were associated with the chapels there .

Water supply would be important for both man and beast and many remains are not far from streams such as those near Lossit burn , Kintour river , and Duich river .
water supply would be important for both man and beast and many [stays] are not far from streams such as those near lossit burn , kintour river , and duich river .

As agricultural methods improved and the dwelling could be more permanent the tent was made with stone and as we have shown there are the remains of such hut circles in a number of places .
as agricultural methods improved and the dwelling could be more permanent the tent was made with stone and as we have shown there are the [stays] of such hut circles in a number of places .

Water supply would be important for both man and beast and many remains are not far from streams such as those near Lossit burn , Kintour river , and Duich river .
water supply would be important for both man and beast and many [stays] are not far from streams such as those near lossit burn , kintour river , and duich river .

As agricultural methods improved and the dwelling could be more permanent the tent was made with stone and as we have shown there are the remains of such hut circles in a number of places .
as agricultural methods improved and the dwelling could be more permanent the tent was made with stone and as we have shown there are the [stays] of such hut circles in a number of places .

All that remains of the Port Ellen library is the brass Plaque and five volumes in the Gaelic which bear the date 1905 and one of them is number 305 , so it must have been one of the largest as well as one of the early ones .
all that [stays] of the port ellen library is the brass plaque and five volumes in the gaelic which bear the date 1905 and one of them is number 305 , so it must have been one of the largest as well as one of the early ones .

The remains of a distillery can still be seen in The Kennels at Lossit .
the [stays] of a distillery can still be seen in the kennels at lossit .

The mills at Kilchiaran , Ballygrant , and Eallabus which are mentioned are perhaps the best but there are the remains of many others .
the mills at kilchiaran , ballygrant , and eallabus which are mentioned are perhaps the best but there are the [stays] of many others .

On the Rinns besides the threshing mill mentioned at Kilchiaran , where the wheel and some machinery arc still in position , there are the remains of buildings , the goit and broken millstones at Nerabus .
on the rinns besides the threshing mill mentioned at kilchiaran , where the wheel and some machinery arc still in position , there are the [stays] of buildings , the goit and broken millstones at nerabus .

On the opposite side of the lane , near a bridge over the river , are the remains of a much earlier mill ; both were driven by water from the Sorn .
on the opposite side of the lane , near a bridge over the river , are the [stays] of a much earlier mill ; both were driven by water from the sorn .

Although there are no visible remains the name persists in Gleann a chardaidh Glen of the wool carding .
although there are no visible [stays] the name persists in gleann a chardaidh glen of the wool carding .

28–1 At a congregation meeting they resolved that , as under present circumstances the Spiritual and moral interests of the congregation and the large outlying population can not be adequately attended to while Bowmore remains a mere station of the church , seeing that when probationers and Deputies of the Church come their stay is but temporary and quite insufficient for the necessities of the place , that an effort be made to raise the contributions of the congregation to an amount which might warrant the Presbytery to recommend to the Assembly that Bowmore be made a regularly sanctioned charge .
28–1 at a congregation meeting they resolved that , as under present circumstances the spiritual and moral interests of the congregation and the large outlying population can not be adequately attended to while bowmore [stays] a mere station of the church , seeing that when probationers and deputies of the church come their stay is but temporary and quite insufficient for the necessities of the place , that an effort be made to raise the contributions of the congregation to an amount which might warrant the presbytery to recommend to the assembly that bowmore be made a regularly sanctioned charge .

Persuasive evidence linking these two conditions first surfaced in 1975 , but nearly two decades later their association remains enigmatic .
persuasive evidence linking these two conditions first surfaced in 1975 , but nearly two decades later their association [stays] enigmatic .

Both groups of investigators adjust for age , sex , and current smoking habit , although without more thorough consideration of known risk factors for cancer ( for example , past smoking habit , use of alcohol , and occupational exposures ) , the validity of the results remains in some doubt .
both groups of investigators adjust for age , sex , and current smoking habit , although without more thorough consideration of known risk factors for cancer ( for example , past smoking habit , use of alcohol , and occupational exposures ) , the validity of the results [stays] in some doubt .

The study found that the intelligence of most people remains constant until the age of 70 and concluded that ‘ for most people life satisfaction does not decline markedly with age , and the ability to function and adapt does not seem related to age .
the study found that the intelligence of most people [stays] constant until the age of 70 and concluded that ‘ for most people life satisfaction does not decline markedly with age , and the ability to function and adapt does not seem related to age .

Each team also includes a person who is currently , or has recently been , a carer to make sure that the carer 's perspective on needs and priorities remains constantly in focus .
each team also includes a person who is currently , or has recently been , a carer to make sure that the carer 's perspective on needs and priorities [stays] constantly in focus .

Diagnosis of urinary tract infection remains difficult and there is no convenient and universally-applicable ‘ gold standard ’ test .
diagnosis of urinary tract infection [stays] difficult and there is no convenient and universally-applicable ‘ gold standard ’ test .

However , the notion of service development remains somewhat vague .
however , the notion of service development [stays] somewhat vague .

The fact remains that only the American delegation of five members and one of the eight English representatives voted against them .
the fact [stays] that only the american delegation of five members and one of the eight english representatives voted against them .

Nevertheless , it must be admitted that the terminology of deafness , as far as the general public is concerned , remains largely unchanged .
nevertheless , it must be admitted that the terminology of deafness , as far as the general public is concerned , [stays] largely unchanged .

One of their champions the prominent politician Jack Ashley , who remains an elected Member of Parliament after having been deafened at the age of forty-five , expressed their feelings in a speech delivered in 1973 : the deaf must adopt a very different attitude to society as a whole … They have got to stop apologising and start being more assertive about their disability .
one of their champions the prominent politician jack ashley , who [stays] an elected member of parliament after having been deafened at the age of forty-five , expressed their feelings in a speech delivered in 1973 : the deaf must adopt a very different attitude to society as a whole … they have got to stop apologising and start being more assertive about their disability .

Critical opinion remains divided over Paul Nizan .
critical opinion [stays] divided over paul nizan .

However overinflated the Aden myth may subsequently have become , however difficult it might be to disentangle the truth of the episode from the fictionalised version purveyed through romanticised images of tortured adolescence , the exotic Mid-East , the rejection of Western culture , the Rimbaldian quest for personal salvation , and so on , one stark fact remains .
however overinflated the aden myth may subsequently have become , however difficult it might be to disentangle the truth of the episode from the fictionalised version purveyed through romanticised images of tortured adolescence , the exotic mid-east , the rejection of western culture , the rimbaldian quest for personal salvation , and so on , one stark fact [stays] .

Despite some scepticism , the ‘ thrifty genotype ’ remains a convenient explanation for the extremely high incidence of non-insulin dependent diabetes that develops in many populations which have experienced rapid socioeconomic modernisation during this century .
despite some scepticism , the ‘ thrifty genotype ’ [stays] a convenient explanation for the extremely high incidence of non-insulin dependent diabetes that develops in many populations which have experienced rapid socioeconomic modernisation during this century .

Despite almost a decade of critical review and the existence of alternative formulas for identifying deprivation the Jarman index remains as good an indicator of potential demand for general practitioner services as exists .
despite almost a decade of critical review and the existence of alternative formulas for identifying deprivation the jarman index [stays] as good an indicator of potential demand for general practitioner services as exists .

Such an interaction , however , remains possible in patients with severe asthma .
such an interaction , however , [stays] possible in patients with severe asthma .

Whether the relation between high doses of β agonists and mortality is causal remains uncertain but until the question is settled the high dose of salmeterol relative to salbutamol must raise some concerns .
whether the relation between high doses of β agonists and mortality is causal [stays] uncertain but until the question is settled the high dose of salmeterol relative to salbutamol must raise some concerns .

But , on the basis of currently available evidence , uncertainty remains .
but , on the basis of currently available evidence , uncertainty [stays] .

Although obesity seems to be the major factor , he fails to cite studies showing that glucose tolerance remains a significant factor even after allowance for maternal obesity .
although obesity seems to be the major factor , he fails to cite studies showing that glucose tolerance [stays] a significant factor even after allowance for maternal obesity .

Nor , for that matter , is it possible to circumscribe the meaning of an expression in an absolutely definitive fashion while this expression remains part of the living body of language .
nor , for that matter , is it possible to circumscribe the meaning of an expression in an absolutely definitive fashion while this expression [stays] part of the living body of language .

On the other hand , an arbitrary rule of substitution whereby two expressions are decreed to be interchangeable for each other within a given context , reveals nothing about the `` sameness of meaning `` unless we are in a position to explain the general rule governing such substitutions , which would ensure that the truth-value of the propositions in which such substitutions are carried out remains always and necessarily unaltered .
on the other hand , an arbitrary rule of substitution whereby two expressions are decreed to be interchangeable for each other within a given context , reveals nothing about the `` sameness of meaning `` unless we are in a position to explain the general rule governing such substitutions , which would ensure that the truth-value of the propositions in which such substitutions are carried out [stays] always and necessarily unaltered .

But this means that there can be no justification for supposing that anything remains identical `` per se `` .
but this means that there can be no justification for supposing that anything [stays] identical `` per se `` .

None of these difficulties are likely to trouble us much in daily life , but they remain genuine difficulties none the less and raise issues of fundamental importance ; for if there can be no absolutely reliable and unequivocal criteria for deciding whether any given existent remains numerically , and not merely qualitatively , the same from one moment in time to the next , then we can not hope to be able to `` define `` the distinction between numerical and qualitative identity in terms of the criteria of particular-identification .
none of these difficulties are likely to trouble us much in daily life , but they remain genuine difficulties none the less and raise issues of fundamental importance ; for if there can be no absolutely reliable and unequivocal criteria for deciding whether any given existent [stays] numerically , and not merely qualitatively , the same from one moment in time to the next , then we can not hope to be able to `` define `` the distinction between numerical and qualitative identity in terms of the criteria of particular-identification .

But this answer is still not satisfactory , for the question remains , why is it necessary for such a unitary space and time to be other than a phenomenological space and time ? It is just not good enough to say that a spatial position in a unitary space alone ensures the numerical uniqueness of its occupier . For what guarantee is there that it does so objectively ? Or , to change the question slightly , if space and time are ( as Kant claims ) " pure intuitions " , what confers objectivity upon such intuitions ?
but this answer is still not satisfactory , for the question [stays] , why is it necessary for such a unitary space and time to be other than a phenomenological space and time ? it is just not good enough to say that a spatial position in a unitary space alone ensures the numerical uniqueness of its occupier . for what guarantee is there that it does so objectively ? or , to change the question slightly , if space and time are ( as kant claims ) " pure intuitions " , what confers objectivity upon such intuitions ?

In other words , his argument remains essentially circular .
in other words , his argument [stays] essentially circular .

So the problem remains unresolved .
so the problem [stays] unresolved .

The key assumption here remains , of course , that the identity of an ontological existent , or , more accurately , its ontological individuality , depends upon all of this existent 's properties , and hence that if any of them were different from what they happen to be , the existent itself would be different . ``
the key assumption here [stays] , of course , that the identity of an ontological existent , or , more accurately , its ontological individuality , depends upon all of this existent 's properties , and hence that if any of them were different from what they happen to be , the existent itself would be different . ``

But as is already clear from what was said in the last chapter , the irreducibility thesis , plausible though it may appear at first sight , remains highly vulnerable to criticism and requires important additional assumptions if it is to be taken at all seriously .
but as is already clear from what was said in the last chapter , the irreducibility thesis , plausible though it may appear at first sight , [stays] highly vulnerable to criticism and requires important additional assumptions if it is to be taken at all seriously .

For even if it is accepted ( ignoring , or rejecting , any arguments to the contrary ) that spatio-temporal relations are not , or not wholly , explicable in terms of intrinsic and qualitative properties of related things , there still remains the problem of accounting for the objectivity of such relations .
for even if it is accepted ( ignoring , or rejecting , any arguments to the contrary ) that spatio-temporal relations are not , or not wholly , explicable in terms of intrinsic and qualitative properties of related things , there still [stays] the problem of accounting for the objectivity of such relations .

So the assumption of an objective order remains crucial to any `` pluralist `` argument ; but the question is , what makes this assumption intelligible ?
so the assumption of an objective order [stays] crucial to any `` pluralist `` argument ; but the question is , what makes this assumption intelligible ?

What is more , this remains the case even if , following Kant , numerically distinguishable external objects — i.e .
what is more , this [stays] the case even if , following kant , numerically distinguishable external objects — i.e .

The defect is localized in the upstream region of the promoter ( upstream from position -38 ) , but the downstream part of the footprint remains identical , indicating that crucial recognition patterns in the -10 and -35 regions are not modified .
the defect is localized in the upstream region of the promoter ( upstream from position -38 ) , but the downstream part of the footprint [stays] identical , indicating that crucial recognition patterns in the -10 and -35 regions are not modified .

These findings do not confirm fears of an overall increase in the number of old people looked after in institutions , and the proportion of 4.7 % remains commendably low by international standards ( and lower than the national average of 5.1 % in 1971 ) .
these findings do not confirm fears of an overall increase in the number of old people looked after in institutions , and the proportion of 4.7 % [stays] commendably low by international standards ( and lower than the national average of 5.1 % in 1971 ) .

Although senior house officer posts generally provide great experience , their educational potential often remains untapped .
although senior house officer posts generally provide great experience , their educational potential often [stays] untapped .

This blurring of the boundaries may be of little consequence to users of the service , but it does have implications for the type of care they receive and which agency remains financially responsible for arranging that care .
this blurring of the boundaries may be of little consequence to users of the service , but it does have implications for the type of care they receive and which agency [stays] financially responsible for arranging that care .

What about the individual users ? Will their power increase even if the character of services remains substantially unchanged ? Will they have more control over their own care and treatment ?
what about the individual users ? will their power increase even if the character of services [stays] substantially unchanged ? will they have more control over their own care and treatment ?

This is a damaging epidemic which remains politically invisible but socially evident .
this is a damaging epidemic which [stays] politically invisible but socially evident .

Almost anything can be used to shed light on the past : the foundations of buildings can show what sort of houses people lived in ; the remains of tools show how they worked ; animal bones and plant remains show what they ate ; and pollen , snail shells and the remains of trees and plants can indicate the type of climate and vegetation at the time .
almost anything can be used to shed light on the past : the foundations of buildings can show what sort of houses people lived in ; the [stays] of tools show how they worked ; animal bones and plant [stays] show what they ate ; and pollen , snail shells and the [stays] of trees and plants can indicate the type of climate and vegetation at the time .

Because archaeology uses many types of material remains as evidence , supplementing them with historical evidence wherever possible , the subject of archaeology overlaps just about every other academic discipline .
because archaeology uses many types of material [stays] as evidence , supplementing them with historical evidence wherever possible , the subject of archaeology overlaps just about every other academic discipline .

For example , archaeologists collaborate with petrologists in studying the rocks from which tools were made , with biologists in studying plant and animal remains , with physicians in studying the diseases from which people suffered , and with physicists for complex dating methods .
for example , archaeologists collaborate with petrologists in studying the rocks from which tools were made , with biologists in studying plant and animal [stays] , with physicians in studying the diseases from which people suffered , and with physicists for complex dating methods .

In this direct recording of physical remains , Cyriac was a pioneer of the methods of the early topographers of the 16th century onwards .
in this direct recording of physical [stays] , cyriac was a pioneer of the methods of the early topographers of the 16th century onwards .

Such travellers inevitably brought home souvenirs , many of which were antiquities , and the sight of the classical remains in Greece and Italy prompted some travellers to investigate the history of their own countries .
such travellers inevitably brought home souvenirs , many of which were antiquities , and the sight of the classical [stays] in greece and italy prompted some travellers to investigate the history of their own countries .

The remains of houses and possessions give an idea of people 's lifestyle , while the remains of their tools can show what work they did , and to some extent how hard they would have had to work to do a particular job .
the [stays] of houses and possessions give an idea of people 's lifestyle , while the [stays] of their tools can show what work they did , and to some extent how hard they would have had to work to do a particular job .

Part of the misconception arose because the bones of early humans have often been found with bones of other animals , and it was simplistically assumed that this showed that they had killed and eaten other animals , and had later died amid the remains of previous meals .
part of the misconception arose because the bones of early humans have often been found with bones of other animals , and it was simplistically assumed that this showed that they had killed and eaten other animals , and had later died amid the [stays] of previous meals .

When rubbish pits are excavated , sherds of pottery and fragments of bone are frequently the only visible remains , because much of the refuse put into pits was the remnants of food preparation which have since decayed .
when rubbish pits are excavated , sherds of pottery and fragments of bone are frequently the only visible [stays] , because much of the refuse put into pits was the remnants of food preparation which have since decayed .

However , microscopic analysis of the soil in a pit can sometimes show what sort of food remains were originally buried .
however , microscopic analysis of the soil in a pit can sometimes show what sort of food [stays] were originally buried .

Internal walls and floors collapse and the decaying remains of their timbers become mixed with dust , leaves and other debris blown into the building to form a soil in which plants and even trees will grow .
internal walls and floors collapse and the decaying [stays] of their timbers become mixed with dust , leaves and other debris blown into the building to form a soil in which plants and even trees will grow .

Once land is drained , this protection is removed from any underlying archaeological sites , and organic remains begin to decay and disintegrate extremely rapidly .
once land is drained , this protection is removed from any underlying archaeological sites , and organic [stays] begin to decay and disintegrate extremely rapidly .

It is also useful to have an archaeologist examine the area while construction work is going on since archaeological remains are not always easily recognized by those concerned with construction .
it is also useful to have an archaeologist examine the area while construction work is going on since archaeological [stays] are not always easily recognized by those concerned with construction .

Patterns made in fields by the tracks of heavy machinery also frequently resemble patterns associated with archaeological remains .
patterns made in fields by the tracks of heavy machinery also frequently resemble patterns associated with archaeological [stays] .

On sites where there are no walls or other solid remains , those differences alone show the presence of archaeological features , such as pits and ditches that have silted up or have been filled in .
on sites where there are no walls or other solid [stays] , those differences alone show the presence of archaeological features , such as pits and ditches that have silted up or have been filled in .

The dividing line between a fixed ‘ site ’ and a portable ‘ find ’ is often a narrow one : for example , the site of the ship Mary Rose was excavated over a period of several years , but when the remains of the ship itself were eventually raised , they were treated like any other waterlogged find , albeit on a much larger scale .
the dividing line between a fixed ‘ site ’ and a portable ‘ find ’ is often a narrow one : for example , the site of the ship mary rose was excavated over a period of several years , but when the [stays] of the ship itself were eventually raised , they were treated like any other waterlogged find , albeit on a much larger scale .

These are not necessarily human-made objects , since finds include anything like animal bones and insect remains .
these are not necessarily human-made objects , since finds include anything like animal bones and insect [stays] .

It may also include very small remains such as pollen grains , that can only be seen and identified with the aid of a microscope .
it may also include very small [stays] such as pollen grains , that can only be seen and identified with the aid of a microscope .

Soil can be taken to recover pollen grains , tiny snail shells , seeds , small fish and bird bones and insect remains , all of which can provide evidence about the immediate environment of the site when it was occupied .
soil can be taken to recover pollen grains , tiny snail shells , seeds , small fish and bird bones and insect [stays] , all of which can provide evidence about the immediate environment of the site when it was occupied .

Wet-sieving , or flotation , is used to recover these organic remains from the soil by turning soil samples into a very wet mud .
wet-sieving , or flotation , is used to recover these organic [stays] from the soil by turning soil samples into a very wet mud .

Heavy unwanted particles sink , and lighter particles , such as tiny plant and animal remains , float off and are collected in a sieve .
heavy unwanted particles sink , and lighter particles , such as tiny plant and animal [stays] , float off and are collected in a sieve .

Obviously , pollen grains are very small plant remains , and can not be seen without the aid of a microscope ; but larger remains ( macroscopic plant remains ) , such as seeds and grains , leaves , twigs , wood and charcoal also provide evidence about the vegetation that existed around a site , and can show if and how it was exploited by the people living there .
obviously , pollen grains are very small plant [stays] , and can not be seen without the aid of a microscope ; but larger [stays] ( macroscopic plant [stays] ) , such as seeds and grains , leaves , twigs , wood and charcoal also provide evidence about the vegetation that existed around a site , and can show if and how it was exploited by the people living there .

Similarly , insects and land snail shells are identified , sorted and quantified in the same way as animal and plant remains .
similarly , insects and land snail shells are identified , sorted and quantified in the same way as animal and plant [stays] .

Organic remains provide much evidence as to how people lived in the past .
organic [stays] provide much evidence as to how people lived in the past .

Plant remains — seeds , grains , and pollens — show what species of plants and trees grew around a particular site , what plants were being deliberately cultivated , and sometimes what the plants would yield in an average harvest .
plant [stays] — seeds , grains , and pollens — show what species of plants and trees grew around a particular site , what plants were being deliberately cultivated , and sometimes what the plants would yield in an average harvest .

Taken with other environmental indicators , such as land snail shells and insect remains , they also give information about the prevailing climate .
taken with other environmental indicators , such as land snail shells and insect [stays] , they also give information about the prevailing climate .

Which animals were being hunted for food , and which were domesticated can be gleaned from the study of animal bones , and with evidence from plant and shellfish remains , there may he clues to what people ate .
which animals were being hunted for food , and which were domesticated can be gleaned from the study of animal bones , and with evidence from plant and shellfish [stays] , there may he clues to what people ate .

Because animal bones are much more likely to survive than plant remains , the evidence is unduly biased towards a meat-eating diet .
because animal bones are much more likely to survive than plant [stays] , the evidence is unduly biased towards a meat-eating diet .

The excavation of archaeological sites and the study of structural remains from those sites provide a skeleton picture of life in the past .
the excavation of archaeological sites and the study of structural [stays] from those sites provide a skeleton picture of life in the past .

Radiocarbon dating works by analysing the ratios of the various isotypes of carbon in a sample of organic material , and can only be used , therefore , on organic remains such as wood , charcoal and bone .
radiocarbon dating works by analysing the ratios of the various isotypes of carbon in a sample of organic material , and can only be used , therefore , on organic [stays] such as wood , charcoal and bone .

Carbon 14 is a radioactive isotope of carbon that is absorbed by all living things ; the proportion of carbon 14 to other isotopes of carbon remains constant , but when something dies , the carbon 14 in it decays at a known rate , while the other isotopes stay the same .
carbon 14 is a radioactive isotope of carbon that is absorbed by all living things ; the proportion of carbon 14 to other isotopes of carbon [stays] constant , but when something dies , the carbon 14 in it decays at a known rate , while the other isotopes stay the same .

In most cases , there are insufficient surviving remains to make it worthwhile conserving the site for public display : if it has been fully excavated , all that may remain to be seen are , literally , a few depressions in the natural subsoil , even if what was excavated above was quite spectacular .
in most cases , there are insufficient surviving [stays] to make it worthwhile conserving the site for public display : if it has been fully excavated , all that may remain to be seen are , literally , a few depressions in the natural subsoil , even if what was excavated above was quite spectacular .

Most sites do not produce remains that can be readily understood by casual visitors , and they often consist of little more than holes in the ground showing where posts once formed part of a timber building , pits dug for various purposes , or ditches for drainage , boundaries and defence .
most sites do not produce [stays] that can be readily understood by casual visitors , and they often consist of little more than holes in the ground showing where posts once formed part of a timber building , pits dug for various purposes , or ditches for drainage , boundaries and defence .

The choice as to whether the remains of a site are preserved for public display depends both on there being suitable remains , but also on a suitable site and finance .
the choice as to whether the [stays] of a site are preserved for public display depends both on there being suitable [stays] , but also on a suitable site and finance .

But in some cases , the remains unearthed by excavation are sufficiently important and interesting to be worth displaying .
but in some cases , the [stays] unearthed by excavation are sufficiently important and interesting to be worth displaying .

If the site is not in danger of being destroyed , it may be possible to raise funds to conserve the site for display , and the way the site is presented depends largely on the nature of the remains : the ruins of an Islamic mosque for example , may need the walls to be strengthened and made safe , and suitable access provided in order to view the remains .
if the site is not in danger of being destroyed , it may be possible to raise funds to conserve the site for display , and the way the site is presented depends largely on the nature of the [stays] : the ruins of an islamic mosque for example , may need the walls to be strengthened and made safe , and suitable access provided in order to view the [stays] .

On the rare occasions when a site due to be destroyed is found to be very important , construction plans may be changed to accommodate the display of the site , or the remains might be moved to somewhere where they can preserved , displayed , and enjoyed by the public .
on the rare occasions when a site due to be destroyed is found to be very important , construction plans may be changed to accommodate the display of the site , or the [stays] might be moved to somewhere where they can preserved , displayed , and enjoyed by the public .

Many sites where archaeological remains are on public display have never been fully excavated , and any further excavations on these sites are usually undertaken to add to the information on display .
many sites where archaeological [stays] are on public display have never been fully excavated , and any further excavations on these sites are usually undertaken to add to the information on display .

As a result , archaeologists need to use a great deal of interpretation to fill in the gaps in the evidence caused by the accidental survival of some remains while others have perished .
as a result , archaeologists need to use a great deal of interpretation to fill in the gaps in the evidence caused by the accidental survival of some [stays] while others have perished .

The most basic level of interpreting archaeological remains is during the post-excavation work , when the contexts are analysed and , where possible , dated and fitted together .
the most basic level of interpreting archaeological [stays] is during the post-excavation work , when the contexts are analysed and , where possible , dated and fitted together .

Consisting of material remains — objects , buildings and other structures — there are limits as to how much can be deduced from such evidence about the people who used them .
consisting of material [stays] — objects , buildings and other structures — there are limits as to how much can be deduced from such evidence about the people who used them .

One of the most common experiments of this kind is making and firing of pottery , which not only tests methods of pottery construction , decoration , glazing , and firing methods , but also leaves the remains of the kiln itself which can be compared with excavated examples .
one of the most common experiments of this kind is making and firing of pottery , which not only tests methods of pottery construction , decoration , glazing , and firing methods , but also leaves the [stays] of the kiln itself which can be compared with excavated examples .

Experiments have been taken still further , to see how such buildings functioned through use , and in some cases have been left to decay and fall down , or have been burnt down , in order to compare the resulting remains with excavated evidence .
experiments have been taken still further , to see how such buildings functioned through use , and in some cases have been left to decay and fall down , or have been burnt down , in order to compare the resulting [stays] with excavated evidence .

The majority of archaeological finds are broken , damaged or decayed , and it is usually difficult to envisage what a site looked like in its heyday by simply looking at the excavated remains .
the majority of archaeological finds are broken , damaged or decayed , and it is usually difficult to envisage what a site looked like in its heyday by simply looking at the excavated [stays] .

In other cases , however , a complete reconstruction of an object is put on display alongside the remains of the original , which may be corroded or damaged .
in other cases , however , a complete reconstruction of an object is put on display alongside the [stays] of the original , which may be corroded or damaged .

Such drawings can be displayed alongside the surviving remains of the object .
such drawings can be displayed alongside the surviving [stays] of the object .

’ But the compulsion behind this need remains unexplained .
’ but the compulsion behind this need [stays] unexplained .

‘ The recollection of his presence remains sharp and clear , ’ Michael Middleton has written , ‘ and comes easily to mind : the scarecrow figure with its loping , fevered stride , head down , chin stuck into chest , every fibre intent on getting wherever he was bound ; the lantern face under the shock of hair , its extraordinary gravity in repose and its total re-creation in gaiety ; the exuberant clowning into which was channelled , increasingly and defensively , a perpetual crackle of nervous energy .
‘ the recollection of his presence [stays] sharp and clear , ’ michael middleton has written , ‘ and comes easily to mind : the scarecrow figure with its loping , fevered stride , head down , chin stuck into chest , every fibre intent on getting wherever he was bound ; the lantern face under the shock of hair , its extraordinary gravity in repose and its total re-creation in gaiety ; the exuberant clowning into which was channelled , increasingly and defensively , a perpetual crackle of nervous energy .

Given the topic of this book this does not lessen the usefulness of their formulation for our purposes but there remains a whiff of ' western-centricness ' about any account which suggests that fewer people are experiencing that ‘ social being ’ which ‘ determines consciousness ’ through organized industrial labour .
given the topic of this book this does not lessen the usefulness of their formulation for our purposes but there [stays] a whiff of ' western-centricness ' about any account which suggests that fewer people are experiencing that ‘ social being ’ which ‘ determines consciousness ’ through organized industrial labour .

Disorganized capitalism remains capitalism , and they make it clear that they are not bidding farewell to the working class .
disorganized capitalism [stays] capitalism , and they make it clear that they are not bidding farewell to the working class .

new sectoral relations of exploitation ( in which a relatively large number of people exploit an increasingly marginalized minority for whom collective provision remains the only and strictly second best , option ) . ( Saunders , 1984 : 225 )
new sectoral relations of exploitation ( in which a relatively large number of people exploit an increasingly marginalized minority for whom collective provision [stays] the only and strictly second best , option ) . ( saunders , 1984 : 225 )

Massey 's realism is implicit rather than explicit but she remains committed to what looks like a traditional and reflective , rather than revolutionary and transformational , conception of explanation .
massey 's realism is implicit rather than explicit but she [stays] committed to what looks like a traditional and reflective , rather than revolutionary and transformational , conception of explanation .

Land acquired by the Tyne Improvement Commission came into public ownership and most remains there as the property of the Port of Tyne Authority which replaced the Improvement Commission in 1968 .
land acquired by the tyne improvement commission came into public ownership and most [stays] there as the property of the port of tyne authority which replaced the improvement commission in 1968 .

The gutted remains were still there , blackened and dismal .
the gutted [stays] were still there , blackened and dismal .

‘ Few enchantments can sink the human soul entirely ; some memory , some will , remains .
‘ few enchantments can sink the human soul entirely ; some memory , some will , [stays] .

They represent a serious degree of inequality in the earned income of men and women and , while the 1984 figures show a marked improvement over the figures for 1970 , there still remains a serious gap in the earnings of men and women .
they represent a serious degree of inequality in the earned income of men and women and , while the 1984 figures show a marked improvement over the figures for 1970 , there still [stays] a serious gap in the earnings of men and women .

While there have been some minor reductions of segregation over the last century , the basic fact of extensive segregation by gender in employment remains a striking feature of the labour market .
while there have been some minor reductions of segregation over the last century , the basic fact of extensive segregation by gender in employment [stays] a striking feature of the labour market .

While the situation has improved to some extent in recent years , especially in the field of education , nonetheless the basic pattern of inequality remains in all aspects of the social structure , from paid work to the household division of labour , from sexuality to violence .
while the situation has improved to some extent in recent years , especially in the field of education , nonetheless the basic pattern of inequality [stays] in all aspects of the social structure , from paid work to the household division of labour , from sexuality to violence .

It still remains true , however , that when compared with the white population , black people have worse housing conditions .
it still [stays] true , however , that when compared with the white population , black people have worse housing conditions .

The question remains , however , how to interpret these data of ethnically based inequality .
the question [stays] , however , how to interpret these data of ethnically based inequality .

Family allowances were never introduced at the level recommended by the Beveridge Plan , and the level of child benefit , which has replaced family allowances , remains less than is necessary to meet family needs .
family allowances were never introduced at the level recommended by the beveridge plan , and the level of child benefit , which has replaced family allowances , [stays] less than is necessary to meet family needs .

It remains open to claimants and the adjudication officer to cite unreported cases , but advance notice of their intention to do so is required .
it [stays] open to claimants and the adjudication officer to cite unreported cases , but advance notice of their intention to do so is required .

The effective bypassing of the High Court ( judicial review remains theoretically available ) also reflects an increasing recognition of the Commissioners as being of the same judicial standing as High Court judges ( Ogus et al .
the effective bypassing of the high court ( judicial review [stays] theoretically available ) also reflects an increasing recognition of the commissioners as being of the same judicial standing as high court judges ( ogus et al .

This caveat is echoed in the statement in the explanatory introduction to the 1989 Practice Direction that the Court of Appeal remains ‘ firmly wedded to its long established tradition of oral argument in open court ’ .
this caveat is echoed in the statement in the explanatory introduction to the 1989 practice direction that the court of appeal [stays] ‘ firmly wedded to its long established tradition of oral argument in open court ’ .

Despite radical revision of the complaints procedures , there remains dissatisfaction about the handling of complaints similar to those concerning police complaints procedures considered earlier in this book ( Newbold and Zellick , 1987 ) .
despite radical revision of the complaints procedures , there [stays] dissatisfaction about the handling of complaints similar to those concerning police complaints procedures considered earlier in this book ( newbold and zellick , 1987 ) .

Outside London , there has also been a trend towards larger practices seeking to soak up the commercial work which remains in the provincial cities of England and Wales .
outside london , there has also been a trend towards larger practices seeking to soak up the commercial work which [stays] in the provincial cities of england and wales .

But there remains a key distinction between complaints of negligence and of other deficiencies which determines whether The Law Society will investigate complaints .
but there [stays] a key distinction between complaints of negligence and of other deficiencies which determines whether the law society will investigate complaints .

If the complainant remains unhappy about the conclusion , the file must be referred to the Investigation Committee , since in these circumstances only they can conclude the investigation .
if the complainant [stays] unhappy about the conclusion , the file must be referred to the investigation committee , since in these circumstances only they can conclude the investigation .

Of course the distinction drawn above only remains if we assume that it is possible for us to understand a proposition which we would or could never be justified in believing or could never come to know to be true .
of course the distinction drawn above only [stays] if we assume that it is possible for us to understand a proposition which we would or could never be justified in believing or could never come to know to be true .

The second is that there may be slightly different circumstances in which it remains true , but a no longer believes it .
the second is that there may be slightly different circumstances in which it [stays] true , but a no longer believes it .

There remains a complaint which Nozick could and probably would make .
there [stays] a complaint which nozick could and probably would make .

Luckily there remains one possibility which our search has overlooked .
luckily there [stays] one possibility which our search has overlooked .

2 — 3 ) , the point remains that whatever memory does provide is not a separable check on our taking it that the new sensation resembles the old .
2 — 3 ) , the point [stays] that whatever memory does provide is not a separable check on our taking it that the new sensation resembles the old .

It remains true , of course , that the formal system of a foreign language is very obviously different from that of the learner 's first language , that it therefore forms the basis of any full communication , and that it needs to be acquired in some way .
it [stays] true , of course , that the formal system of a foreign language is very obviously different from that of the learner 's first language , that it therefore forms the basis of any full communication , and that it needs to be acquired in some way .

The possibility remains , however , that the two approaches may be developed and reconciled , and a work by Reichman ( 1985 ) has achieved some success in compiling exhaustive formulae for the combinations of moves in conversation , and linking these to particular turn-taking mechanisms .
the possibility [stays] , however , that the two approaches may be developed and reconciled , and a work by reichman ( 1985 ) has achieved some success in compiling exhaustive formulae for the combinations of moves in conversation , and linking these to particular turn-taking mechanisms .

Perhaps some of this preference remains in modern practices which favour face-to-face interaction : lectures , job interviews , and news interviews .
perhaps some of this preference [stays] in modern practices which favour face-to-face interaction : lectures , job interviews , and news interviews .

It is also one on which an enormous amount of research remains to be done .
it is also one on which an enormous amount of research [stays] to be done .

Concentrating solely on the text , however , remains a common approach in many accounts of discourse .
concentrating solely on the text , however , [stays] a common approach in many accounts of discourse .

Some fruit-eating birds can swallow fruit and only five minutes later squirt out the remains .
some fruit-eating birds can swallow fruit and only five minutes later squirt out the [stays] .

Buying the rights to use a section from a feature film , or even an off-cut from a film , was , and remains , a standard practice open to Directors confined by the limits of budgeting .
buying the rights to use a section from a feature film , or even an off-cut from a film , was , and [stays] , a standard practice open to directors confined by the limits of budgeting .

Never before or since equalled for its length , number of sets and sheer volume of visual effects , this twelve part story remains a testament to the skills , planning and resourcefulness of Doctor Who 's most formative Director , Douglas Camfield , now sadly deceased .
never before or since equalled for its length , number of sets and sheer volume of visual effects , this twelve part story [stays] a testament to the skills , planning and resourcefulness of doctor who 's most formative director , douglas camfield , now sadly deceased .

Getting on to the remains of the top of the pod had been relatively straightforward , although Daak had tried to insist on being the last one out and she 'd had to threaten him with troopers ' oaths and a blaster to convince him that gallantry was inappropriate .
getting on to the [stays] of the top of the pod had been relatively straightforward , although daak had tried to insist on being the last one out and she 'd had to threaten him with troopers ' oaths and a blaster to convince him that gallantry was inappropriate .

Ace nudged Defries , grinned , and pointed proudly to the two largest pyres : they were the remains of two hover-speeders , presumably wrecked by Ace 's grenades .
ace nudged defries , grinned , and pointed proudly to the two largest pyres : they were the [stays] of two hover-speeders , presumably wrecked by ace 's grenades .

Daak spent a few minutes kicking the remains of the pilot out of the front of the cockpit , and then settled himself into the pilot 's bucket seat and swivelled lazily from side to side , waiting for the women .
daak spent a few minutes kicking the [stays] of the pilot out of the front of the cockpit , and then settled himself into the pilot 's bucket seat and swivelled lazily from side to side , waiting for the women .

‘ There is what remains of the intruders .
‘ there is what [stays] of the intruders .

All this remains theoretical .
all this [stays] theoretical .

The breeding status of the marsh harrier and the Montagu 's harrier in Britain remains precarious .
the breeding status of the marsh harrier and the montagu 's harrier in britain [stays] precarious .

Mussels had colonised the remains of an ancient forest and we asked about waders , so busily taking advantage and feasting there .
mussels had colonised the [stays] of an ancient forest and we asked about waders , so busily taking advantage and feasting there .

When water levels drop the shoreline remains green , for it is seeded with a special grass which can survive being submerged for weeks at a time .
when water levels drop the shoreline [stays] green , for it is seeded with a special grass which can survive being submerged for weeks at a time .

They examine abandoned nests for prey remains , dissect pellets and talk frequently to local shepherds .
they examine abandoned nests for prey [stays] , dissect pellets and talk frequently to local shepherds .

He led us past the remains of the Young Eea , a copse of blackened and dead trees , planted some 150 years ago , but drowned when the land was inundated with water .
he led us past the [stays] of the young eea , a copse of blackened and dead trees , planted some 150 years ago , but drowned when the land was inundated with water .

‘ Remains of an ancient farm . ’
‘ [stays] of an ancient farm . ’

On another day we climbed up the hill behind the cottage , a craggy natural fortress where Iron Age remains of habitation can still be seen , to look back from two hundred feet up .
on another day we climbed up the hill behind the cottage , a craggy natural fortress where iron age [stays] of habitation can still be seen , to look back from two hundred feet up .

The fact remains that it is undoubtedly important for an ad to have at its core a more or less straightforward main benefit that is being offered to the consumer .
the fact [stays] that it is undoubtedly important for an ad to have at its core a more or less straightforward main benefit that is being offered to the consumer .

Beverley Hilton , editorial director of Eaglemoss Publications , retires on 1st April , but remains on the board ; Isabel Moore , formerly at Octopus , joins the company on 1st April as editorial director ; Jasmine Taylor has been appointed creative director ; and Eluned James continues as managing editor .
beverley hilton , editorial director of eaglemoss publications , retires on 1st april , but [stays] on the board ; isabel moore , formerly at octopus , joins the company on 1st april as editorial director ; jasmine taylor has been appointed creative director ; and eluned james continues as managing editor .

Greece remains the remarkably rewarding market it has always been , but here again the growth is in the number of serious players and not in the size of the market itself .
greece [stays] the remarkably rewarding market it has always been , but here again the growth is in the number of serious players and not in the size of the market itself .

With inflation running at 600 % , it remains a market in which it is all too easy to get lost .
with inflation running at 600 % , it [stays] a market in which it is all too easy to get lost .

China remains the mother of all markets .
china [stays] the mother of all markets .

Primary publishing remains a strong growth area , with most of the major publishers producing new courses .
primary publishing [stays] a strong growth area , with most of the major publishers producing new courses .

Though his tone was less strident , as one might expect from such a diffident traveller , Colin Thubron 's message to Sunday Telegraph readers was as plain : ‘ In any biography the relationship of author to subject forms a haunting subtext , and that of Molly Izzard to Freya Stark remains a question-mark to the book 's end .
though his tone was less strident , as one might expect from such a diffident traveller , colin thubron 's message to sunday telegraph readers was as plain : ‘ in any biography the relationship of author to subject forms a haunting subtext , and that of molly izzard to freya stark [stays] a question-mark to the book 's end .

There was the remains of a quart of cider in front of the aspirin bottles on the shelf .
there was the [stays] of a quart of cider in front of the aspirin bottles on the shelf .

However , a state with k unoccupied rows has 8k children , so the branching ratio starts at 64 and remains high for most of the search .
however , a state with k unoccupied rows has 8k children , so the branching ratio starts at 64 and [stays] high for most of the search .

Once a bacterium has appeared on the screen , it remains there until a protozoon approaches it and eats it .
once a bacterium has appeared on the screen , it [stays] there until a protozoon approaches it and eats it .

On the contrary , it remains for him to decide .
on the contrary , it [stays] for him to decide .

The practice has been for the judge to deduct a period for remission which might be earned , and to advise the Home Secretary that what remains is the requirement of retribution and deterrence .
the practice has been for the judge to deduct a period for remission which might be earned , and to advise the home secretary that what [stays] is the requirement of retribution and deterrence .

The exercise of these duties has been at all times , and remains , subject to the visitorial jurisdiction of the judges .
the exercise of these duties has been at all times , and [stays] , subject to the visitorial jurisdiction of the judges .

This passage illustrates in a vivid way the fact that the arrangements the judges have made with the Inns are merely the machinery through which the judges perform what remains a judicial duty , and also how decisions on rights of audience are different from decisions on call to the Bar .
this passage illustrates in a vivid way the fact that the arrangements the judges have made with the inns are merely the machinery through which the judges perform what [stays] a judicial duty , and also how decisions on rights of audience are different from decisions on call to the bar .

Since fusion , courts have been able to administer both law and equity but the distinction between , on the one hand , the costs to be allowed to a successful mortgagee/litigant and , on the other hand , the costs that should be allowed to a mortgagee on the taking of an account in a redemption or foreclosure action remains a real one .
since fusion , courts have been able to administer both law and equity but the distinction between , on the one hand , the costs to be allowed to a successful mortgagee/litigant and , on the other hand , the costs that should be allowed to a mortgagee on the taking of an account in a redemption or foreclosure action [stays] a real one .

‘ At present , there is no functioning government in Somalia and the political future of the country remains uncertain .
‘ at present , there is no functioning government in somalia and the political future of the country [stays] uncertain .

This need remains as strong after disciplinary proceedings as before , perhaps even stronger .
this need [stays] as strong after disciplinary proceedings as before , perhaps even stronger .

‘ Generally speaking , an original lessee prima facie remains liable to the reversioner for the payment of the rent throughout the term , even after it has been assigned .
‘ generally speaking , an original lessee prima facie [stays] liable to the reversioner for the payment of the rent throughout the term , even after it has been assigned .

‘ Where , in the case of any fishing vessel , the Secretary of State is satisfied that — ( a ) the vessel would be eligible to be registered as a British fishing vessel but for the fact that any particular individual , or ( as the case may be ) each of a number of particular individuals , is not a British citizen ( and is accordingly not a qualified person ) , and ( b ) it would be appropriate to dispense with the requirement of British citizenship in the case of that individual or those individuals , in view of the length of time he has or they have resided in the United Kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the United Kingdom , the Secretary of State may determine that that requirement should be so dispensed with ; and , if he does so , the vessel shall , so long as paragraph ( a ) above applies to it and any such determination remains in force , be treated for the purposes of this Part as eligible to be registered as a British fishing vessel .
‘ where , in the case of any fishing vessel , the secretary of state is satisfied that — ( a ) the vessel would be eligible to be registered as a british fishing vessel but for the fact that any particular individual , or ( as the case may be ) each of a number of particular individuals , is not a british citizen ( and is accordingly not a qualified person ) , and ( b ) it would be appropriate to dispense with the requirement of british citizenship in the case of that individual or those individuals , in view of the length of time he has or they have resided in the united kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the united kingdom , the secretary of state may determine that that requirement should be so dispensed with ; and , if he does so , the vessel shall , so long as paragraph ( a ) above applies to it and any such determination [stays] in force , be treated for the purposes of this part as eligible to be registered as a british fishing vessel .

There remains the question as to the position where such a vessel belongs wholly to one person .
there [stays] the question as to the position where such a vessel belongs wholly to one person .

The debtor in this case carried on business in this country running a nursing home in the course of which she incurred a tax liability in the sum of about £500,000 which remains unpaid .
the debtor in this case carried on business in this country running a nursing home in the course of which she incurred a tax liability in the sum of about £500,000 which [stays] unpaid .

‘ However , in the Family Division there still remains the necessity for some starting-point .
‘ however , in the family division there still [stays] the necessity for some starting-point .

An increase in the level of fines is scheduled to come into effect in the autumn of this year ; but in the meantime the temptation remains for large stores to open on Sundays .
an increase in the level of fines is scheduled to come into effect in the autumn of this year ; but in the meantime the temptation [stays] for large stores to open on sundays .

While the prosecution case is being presented the decision as to what course to take in these circumstances remains with counsel .
while the prosecution case is being presented the decision as to what course to take in these circumstances [stays] with counsel .

One would hope and expect that cases where any disagreement remains after such discussion will be rare .
one would hope and expect that cases where any disagreement [stays] after such discussion will be rare .

Those who prefer to stay at anchor can do so in the area north of the marina , just inside the line of buoys and the remains of an anti-pollution boom .
those who prefer to stay at anchor can do so in the area north of the marina , just inside the line of buoys and the [stays] of an anti-pollution boom .

Elba remains largely unspoilt and life goes on in a traditional vein
elba [stays] largely unspoilt and life goes on in a traditional vein

The image may have softened somewhat `` or is less the subject of common gossip , but the old picture remains in the public mind and some of the derelictions continue but with more discretion .
the image may have softened somewhat `` or is less the subject of common gossip , but the old picture [stays] in the public mind and some of the derelictions continue but with more discretion .

Pic 6 shows two bronze handles with some remains of the iron shanks .
pic 6 shows two bronze handles with some [stays] of the iron shanks .

Across the mammal 's back are the remains of an iron tool which was riveted to the upper part of the tail .
across the mammal 's back are the [stays] of an iron tool which was riveted to the upper part of the tail .

Through the mouth there appears to be the remains of a chain link from which the knife would have been suspended .
through the mouth there appears to be the [stays] of a chain link from which the knife would have been suspended .

Last year the DoE sent out a circular to local authorities stating that planning permission should not be given unless the impact on any old junk ( officially known as ‘ archaeological remains ’ ) had been fully considered .
last year the doe sent out a circular to local authorities stating that planning permission should not be given unless the impact on any old junk ( officially known as ‘ archaeological [stays] ’ ) had been fully considered .

This was not on a massive scale , for the area was sparsely populated in the past , and remains thinly populated even today .
this was not on a massive scale , for the area was sparsely populated in the past , and [stays] thinly populated even today .

He believes ‘ That all individuals should be considered to be good , worthwhile and honest until he or she proves to the contrary ’ , It is a sentiment that still today remains his guiding light , and he would add that ‘ All things are possible through God ’ .
he believes ‘ that all individuals should be considered to be good , worthwhile and honest until he or she proves to the contrary ’ , it is a sentiment that still today [stays] his guiding light , and he would add that ‘ all things are possible through god ’ .

What also remains a tantalising possibility is that two circles include a milestone as a marker .
what also [stays] a tantalising possibility is that two circles include a milestone as a marker .

At least 80 % green patina remains with enough traces of gilt to show that the overall effect was golden .
at least 80 % green patina [stays] with enough traces of gilt to show that the overall effect was golden .

The reverse has the remains of fixings .
the reverse has the [stays] of fixings .

below , West Birk Hatt , the remains of which are now under Baldersdale 's top reservoir
below , west birk hatt , the [stays] of which are now under baldersdale 's top reservoir

Meanwhile , Jo 's happy to count her blessings and remains quietly confident that hard work , professionalism and talent will keep her riding high .
meanwhile , jo 's happy to count her blessings and [stays] quietly confident that hard work , professionalism and talent will keep her riding high .

Last drops : use a rolling pin to squeeze the remains out of tubes of toothpaste .
last drops : use a rolling pin to squeeze the [stays] out of tubes of toothpaste .

This must be the most widely document in the world , and yet for most breakfasters , the story behind its contents remains a secret .
this must be the most widely document in the world , and yet for most breakfasters , the story behind its contents [stays] a secret .

It is curious that such a close relative of the hibernating hedgehog , the mole — which also feeds on earthworms and insects — remains as active as ever during the winter .
it is curious that such a close relative of the hibernating hedgehog , the mole — which also feeds on earthworms and insects — [stays] as active as ever during the winter .

The filial bond remains , though , and when the women call , the pigs come .
the filial bond [stays] , though , and when the women call , the pigs come .

8 In some cultures , human remains are exposed for vultures to eat . What is your view of this ?
8 in some cultures , human [stays] are exposed for vultures to eat . what is your view of this ?

It could have been a Texas screw-worm , another cattle pest which occasionally gets people by mistake — the battered remains were hard to identify .
it could have been a texas screw-worm , another cattle pest which occasionally gets people by mistake — the battered [stays] were hard to identify .

Ratner 's trading power in terms of market share remains undimmed , so its decline will be felt throughout Hatton Garden .
ratner 's trading power in terms of market share [stays] undimmed , so its decline will be felt throughout hatton garden .

The big question mark over Cadbury remains its attitude to Europe and , indeed , its strategic resilience in the broader international market .
the big question mark over cadbury [stays] its attitude to europe and , indeed , its strategic resilience in the broader international market .

But enormous numbers of sufferers from Chemical Dependency , a treatable condition , die of these secondary physical consequences while their primary addictive disease remains undiagnosed or inappropriately-treated .
but enormous numbers of sufferers from chemical dependency , a treatable condition , die of these secondary physical consequences while their primary addictive disease [stays] undiagnosed or inappropriately-treated .

The coin-slot fruit machines of the amusement arcades may be joined nowadays by sophisticated video-games and the age of the gambler may progressively decrease but the addictive disease remains the same just as when the younger generation sometimes turns to solvents in place of the addictive use of alcohol or tranquillisers in their parents .
the coin-slot fruit machines of the amusement arcades may be joined nowadays by sophisticated video-games and the age of the gambler may progressively decrease but the addictive disease [stays] the same just as when the younger generation sometimes turns to solvents in place of the addictive use of alcohol or tranquillisers in their parents .

Nonetheless , once in recovery , the opportunity remains for the recovering person to extend his or her range of physical abstinence and , by doing this , the relapse rate may in time come to be less than at present .
nonetheless , once in recovery , the opportunity [stays] for the recovering person to extend his or her range of physical abstinence and , by doing this , the relapse rate may in time come to be less than at present .

In spite of the inevitable bitter moment , Julia remains a remarkably positive person .
in spite of the inevitable bitter moment , julia [stays] a remarkably positive person .

Where a member of a board is not re-elected to the authority which appointed him at an ordinary election , he remains a board member until the first meeting of the authority after the election .
where a member of a board is not re-elected to the authority which appointed him at an ordinary election , he [stays] a board member until the first meeting of the authority after the election .

The Spirit of God is his life giving breath without which man remains spiritually inert .
the spirit of god is his life giving breath without which man [stays] spiritually inert .

He is both the unique bearer of the Spirit , and the unique dispenser of that Spirit to the disciples ; moreover , for ever afterwards the Spirit remains stamped with his character .
he is both the unique bearer of the spirit , and the unique dispenser of that spirit to the disciples ; moreover , for ever afterwards the spirit [stays] stamped with his character .

He remains the sovereign Spirit , but always the Spirit who is bent on leading the people of Jesus out into mission .
he [stays] the sovereign spirit , but always the spirit who is bent on leading the people of jesus out into mission .

Footnotes in plenty have been added to Dodd , but his pattern remains a fair summary of the early preaching so far as we can reconstruct it .
footnotes in plenty have been added to dodd , but his pattern [stays] a fair summary of the early preaching so far as we can reconstruct it .

And it remains a matter of debate to what extent Luke is exercising editorial privilege in his accounts of the apostolic preaching .
and it [stays] a matter of debate to what extent luke is exercising editorial privilege in his accounts of the apostolic preaching .

Whatever the imagery , one thing remains constant .
whatever the imagery , one thing [stays] constant .

‘ This is how we know that he remains in us , by means of the Spirit whom he has given us ’ ( 1 John 3:24 ) .
‘ this is how we know that he [stays] in us , by means of the spirit whom he has given us ’ ( 1 john 3:24 ) .

Thus a believer begins to ‘ keep God 's word ’ or ‘ walk as Christ walked ’ ( 2:5,6 ) : ‘ he does not go on sinning , because God 's seed remains in him , and he can not go on sinning , because he is born of God ’ ( 3:9 ) .
thus a believer begins to ‘ keep god 's word ’ or ‘ walk as christ walked ’ ( 2:5,6 ) : ‘ he does not go on sinning , because god 's seed [stays] in him , and he can not go on sinning , because he is born of god ’ ( 3:9 ) .

This process continues with a figure expanding and contracting , the melody essentially remains the same but the rhythm alters because of the addition or subtraction of notes .
this process continues with a figure expanding and contracting , the melody essentially [stays] the same but the rhythm alters because of the addition or subtraction of notes .

Although any `` alternative doctrine must be highly speculative `` , the influential Halsbury 's Laws of England goes on to recognise that : `` for many constitutional theorists the question of whether parliamentary sovereignty presupposes that Parliament must always remain sovereign and can not be bound by the legislation of its predecessors , or whether Parliament 's sovereignty entitles it to restrict its power to legislate , or deprive itself of the power to legislate , remains open . ``
although any `` alternative doctrine must be highly speculative `` , the influential halsbury 's laws of england goes on to recognise that : `` for many constitutional theorists the question of whether parliamentary sovereignty presupposes that parliament must always remain sovereign and can not be bound by the legislation of its predecessors , or whether parliament 's sovereignty entitles it to restrict its power to legislate , or deprive itself of the power to legislate , [stays] open . ``

Needless to say , electronic interviewing remains at an early stage in its development .
needless to say , electronic interviewing [stays] at an early stage in its development .

Retail companies may want to know the answers to the following kinds of questions : * How far do its customers travel to a specific store or " branch ? * What is the direction from which they travel ? * In what type of area do they live ? * That are their lifestyles and purchasing habits ? * How much of a town or area remains untapped by a shop located in it ?
retail companies may want to know the answers to the following kinds of questions : * how far do its customers travel to a specific store or " branch ? * what is the direction from which they travel ? * in what type of area do they live ? * that are their lifestyles and purchasing habits ? * how much of a town or area [stays] untapped by a shop located in it ?

Why they have n't emulated the success story of the good but overrated Ride remains a mystery .
why they have n't emulated the success story of the good but overrated ride [stays] a mystery .

While Public Enemy 's communiqué remains as powerful and resolute as ever , their approach has undergone a subtle transformation .
while public enemy 's communiqué [stays] as powerful and resolute as ever , their approach has undergone a subtle transformation .

The stonking irony is that a disappointing Fall gig remains worthy of two of most other bands .
the stonking irony is that a disappointing fall gig [stays] worthy of two of most other bands .

Still , for all its high points ( and brilliant sleeve ) , ‘ Do Your Own Thing ’ remains an enjoyable but unsurprising album .
still , for all its high points ( and brilliant sleeve ) , ‘ do your own thing ’ [stays] an enjoyable but unsurprising album .

As ever , complacency remains James ' greatest enemy , when in reality the door is open for a full scale assault on the charts if he and brother David rekindle some of the energy of yore .
as ever , complacency [stays] james ' greatest enemy , when in reality the door is open for a full scale assault on the charts if he and brother david rekindle some of the energy of yore .

Today , antagonism towards Birmingham remains as strong as when Jane Austen wrote the words in Emma in 1816 .
today , antagonism towards birmingham [stays] as strong as when jane austen wrote the words in emma in 1816 .

The fact remains , however , that the Barber Institute is woefully underused , neglected not only by residents and visitors to the City but by the staff and students of the University itself .
the fact [stays] , however , that the barber institute is woefully underused , neglected not only by residents and visitors to the city but by the staff and students of the university itself .

For a ducal wedding in Mantua the following year Monteverdi wrote a second opera , Arianna , to a text by Rinuccini , and a dramatic ballet Il Ballo dell ' ingrate , but nothing remains of Arianna except the heroine 's justly famous lament which survives not only in its original form but in the composer 's arrangements of it as a five-part madrigal in his Sixth Book ( 1614 ) and as a ‘ Pianto della Madonna ’ for solo voice and continuo in his Selva Morale ( 1640 ) ; it set a remarkable and long-lasting fashion for lamenti .
for a ducal wedding in mantua the following year monteverdi wrote a second opera , arianna , to a text by rinuccini , and a dramatic ballet il ballo dell ' ingrate , but nothing [stays] of arianna except the heroine 's justly famous lament which survives not only in its original form but in the composer 's arrangements of it as a five-part madrigal in his sixth book ( 1614 ) and as a ‘ pianto della madonna ’ for solo voice and continuo in his selva morale ( 1640 ) ; it set a remarkable and long-lasting fashion for lamenti .

Roger was observed to favour during one period an indirect form of physical contact but one that remains based upon the demonstration of a superior strength , ability and resolve .
roger was observed to favour during one period an indirect form of physical contact but one that [stays] based upon the demonstration of a superior strength , ability and resolve .

However , since he left school he has been in no further trouble with the police and , although unemployed , remains happily at home with his family .
however , since he left school he has been in no further trouble with the police and , although unemployed , [stays] happily at home with his family .

Whether this relates to the greater verbal fluency of girls or to their being less prone to instant ‘ right-answerism ’ remains open .
whether this relates to the greater verbal fluency of girls or to their being less prone to instant ‘ right-answerism ’ [stays] open .

The question remains as to how far non-sexist or anti-sexist curricula would act to alter amounts and styles of pupil disaffection .
the question [stays] as to how far non-sexist or anti-sexist curricula would act to alter amounts and styles of pupil disaffection .

At first sight this seems to contradict incrementalism , but incrementalism remains a valid concept if the process of change in these ‘ revolutionary ’ bursts does not embrace the group-wide rational analysis .
at first sight this seems to contradict incrementalism , but incrementalism [stays] a valid concept if the process of change in these ‘ revolutionary ’ bursts does not embrace the group-wide rational analysis .

Perhaps that remains to be proved , Caroline .
perhaps that [stays] to be proved , caroline .

She refused the cold remains of the fish and chips , so he took the whole package out to the dustbin at the front of the house ( no need to worry her about the Sweet murder if she did n't know — and it appeared she did n't ) .
she refused the cold [stays] of the fish and chips , so he took the whole package out to the dustbin at the front of the house ( no need to worry her about the sweet murder if she did n't know — and it appeared she did n't ) .

But the fact remains that , in the matter of Marius Steen 's death , we have not a solitary shred of evidence to go on .
but the fact [stays] that , in the matter of marius steen 's death , we have not a solitary shred of evidence to go on .

However , the future is very uncertain and it remains to be seen if this increase can be maintained during the next few years while the size of the eighteen-year-old population remains large .
however , the future is very uncertain and it [stays] to be seen if this increase can be maintained during the next few years while the size of the eighteen-year-old population [stays] large .

Moreover , it remains a cause for considerable concern that the number of youngsters in the sixteen to nineteen age range who attend day release courses in Wales has been proportionally one of the lowest in England and Wales .
moreover , it [stays] a cause for considerable concern that the number of youngsters in the sixteen to nineteen age range who attend day release courses in wales has been proportionally one of the lowest in england and wales .

Although the numbers of part-time teachers have declined in the last few years as a result of financial stringency , their contribution to the colleges remains important .
although the numbers of part-time teachers have declined in the last few years as a result of financial stringency , their contribution to the colleges [stays] important .

Post-mortem examinations of remains .
post-mortem examinations of [stays] .

He went back to the oven and poured the remains of the Hun tun into the bowl , spooning it down quickly , then took bowls and basin outside , locking the door behind him , going to the washrooms at the far end of the corridor .
he went back to the oven and poured the [stays] of the hun tun into the bowl , spooning it down quickly , then took bowls and basin outside , locking the door behind him , going to the washrooms at the far end of the corridor .

Yet , when one of the local farmers , grinding the bony soil of a resisting field , felt the earth give way and drop him into a narrow grave , and discovered there a store of gravegoods disposed around the human remains , the interval of the centuries seemed to close .
yet , when one of the local farmers , grinding the bony soil of a resisting field , felt the earth give way and drop him into a narrow grave , and discovered there a store of gravegoods disposed around the human [stays] , the interval of the centuries seemed to close .

The hunters had forfeited their title to the past , and now they were bringing to its remains less care than their wives and mothers took with rinsing , smoothing , and conserving for re-use scraps of brown paper or lengths of string .
the hunters had forfeited their title to the past , and now they were bringing to its [stays] less care than their wives and mothers took with rinsing , smoothing , and conserving for re-use scraps of brown paper or lengths of string .

Lorenz 's point , however , that the adaptiveness of behaviour is due to inherited information , remains both valid and important .
lorenz 's point , however , that the adaptiveness of behaviour is due to inherited information , [stays] both valid and important .

The present verdict of many ethologists would be that the case for and against the olfactory and magnetic theories remains finally undecided ; but the evidence does suggest that the ‘ sun arc ’ hypothesis is false .
the present verdict of many ethologists would be that the case for and against the olfactory and magnetic theories [stays] finally undecided ; but the evidence does suggest that the ‘ sun arc ’ hypothesis is false .

Drowning the typewriter reminded him of what he had done to the remains of Ivor Newley .
drowning the typewriter reminded him of what he had done to the [stays] of ivor newley .

But this sculpture remains an isolated example , emphasizing the fact that in its earliest stage Cubism was primarily a pictorial revolution .
but this sculpture [stays] an isolated example , emphasizing the fact that in its earliest stage cubism was primarily a pictorial revolution .

He must have removed the remains of the heart from the carpet , or Michael or Maria had cleared it up , like the mouse .
he must have removed the [stays] of the heart from the carpet , or michael or maria had cleared it up , like the mouse .

In essence the courts ' control over the conditions of jurisdiction is premised upon the assumption that they are thereby effectuating the will of Parliament ; they are ensuring that the tribunal or authority remains within the boundaries of what Parliament intended it to examine by ensuring that those conditions are present .
in essence the courts ' control over the conditions of jurisdiction is premised upon the assumption that they are thereby effectuating the will of parliament ; they are ensuring that the tribunal or authority [stays] within the boundaries of what parliament intended it to examine by ensuring that those conditions are present .

Whether this path is taken by the courts remains to be seen .
whether this path is taken by the courts [stays] to be seen .

The conceptual basis of judicial review , that the courts are thereby enforcing the legislative will by ensuring that the authority remains within the limits of its assigned area , has never provided any sure guide as to the appropriate scope for review .
the conceptual basis of judicial review , that the courts are thereby enforcing the legislative will by ensuring that the authority [stays] within the limits of its assigned area , has never provided any sure guide as to the appropriate scope for review .

Even when the shape goes , ’ he said , slapping his belly , ‘ the spirit remains constant .
even when the shape goes , ’ he said , slapping his belly , ‘ the spirit [stays] constant .

Although such evidence may shift the relative contribution each country makes to another 's acid rain problem , the international dimension of this atmospheric pollution problem remains the same .
although such evidence may shift the relative contribution each country makes to another 's acid rain problem , the international dimension of this atmospheric pollution problem [stays] the same .

However , for countries such as France , Japan and Taiwan and a number of developing countries such as the Republic of Korea which lack readily available alternative energy sources , the development of nuclear energy still remains a priority .
however , for countries such as france , japan and taiwan and a number of developing countries such as the republic of korea which lack readily available alternative energy sources , the development of nuclear energy still [stays] a priority .

Whether this concern can prevent another Chernobyl-type nuclear reactor disaster remains to be seen .
whether this concern can prevent another chernobyl-type nuclear reactor disaster [stays] to be seen .

Only a portion of all carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere remains there since carbon dioxide is absorbed by the oceans and the biosphere ( figure 6.14 ) .
only a portion of all carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere [stays] there since carbon dioxide is absorbed by the oceans and the biosphere ( figure 6.14 ) .

( 1982 ) estimate that about 40 per cent of all carbon dioxide released to the atmosphere remains there to enhance the greenhouse effect .
( 1982 ) estimate that about 40 per cent of all carbon dioxide released to the atmosphere [stays] there to enhance the greenhouse effect .

This was indeed a triumph ; like most of those who make predictions , Owen got some animals wrong later ( identifying as mammals what turned out to be reptilian remains ) , but connoisseurship is a matter of probabilities rather than certainties .
this was indeed a triumph ; like most of those who make predictions , owen got some animals wrong later ( identifying as mammals what turned out to be reptilian [stays] ) , but connoisseurship is a matter of probabilities rather than certainties .

Debris at the bottom of the sea was coming to include not merely the remains of organisms perhaps on their way to becoming fossils , but also rubbish from man 's activities .
debris at the bottom of the sea was coming to include not merely the [stays] of organisms perhaps on their way to becoming fossils , but also rubbish from man 's activities .

Clifford was , in the imagery of the authors of The Unseen Universe , one of those on the voyage who remains in the engine-room seeing how it works , rather than going on deck to see where the ship is going .
clifford was , in the imagery of the authors of the unseen universe , one of those on the voyage who [stays] in the engine-room seeing how it works , rather than going on deck to see where the ship is going .

The Robemaker stood over the remains of the boy and lifted his arms wide , so that the cloak fluttered and his arms resembled great black wings .
the robemaker stood over the [stays] of the boy and lifted his arms wide , so that the cloak fluttered and his arms resembled great black wings .

Nuadu knew that the Robemaker must have summoned one of the creatures from the Cruachan Cavern to take his victim 's soul and , as he watched , the winged creature fell on the remains of the young boy , and settled on his chest , nibbling and clawing its way into his face .
nuadu knew that the robemaker must have summoned one of the creatures from the cruachan cavern to take his victim 's soul and , as he watched , the winged creature fell on the [stays] of the young boy , and settled on his chest , nibbling and clawing its way into his face .

They were seated round the long oak table , with the remains of supper still spread out .
they were seated round the long oak table , with the [stays] of supper still spread out .

‘ Into the earth with the remains , ’ said the Oak , turning to watch .
‘ into the earth with the [stays] , ’ said the oak , turning to watch .

It was rather dreadful to see Balor 's remains flung unceremoniously into the trench , first the mutilated torso and then the arms and legs .
it was rather dreadful to see balor 's [stays] flung unceremoniously into the trench , first the mutilated torso and then the arms and legs .

Although nationwide policy changes are observable , this should not obscure the fact that there remains considerable variety in the policy and practice of local authorities .
although nationwide policy changes are observable , this should not obscure the fact that there [stays] considerable variety in the policy and practice of local authorities .

In England there was to have been a four-year transitional period , commencing in 1990 , during which the community charge would have been gradually introduced and rates phased out , but the Secretary of State , in response to pressure from his own party , agreed late in 1987 that with the exception of a handful of London boroughs ( where some flexibility remains ) the community charge should be introduced throughout England in 1990 without any phasing-in period .
in england there was to have been a four-year transitional period , commencing in 1990 , during which the community charge would have been gradually introduced and rates phased out , but the secretary of state , in response to pressure from his own party , agreed late in 1987 that with the exception of a handful of london boroughs ( where some flexibility [stays] ) the community charge should be introduced throughout england in 1990 without any phasing-in period .

While an authority 's management style is usually affected by environmental factors there always remains an element of choice .
while an authority 's management style is usually affected by environmental factors there always [stays] an element of choice .

In some authorities this party dominance has been reflected in formal structures by the formulation of one-party committees or sub-committees , although this remains the exception rather than the rule ( Widdicombe , 1986 , vol .
in some authorities this party dominance has been reflected in formal structures by the formulation of one-party committees or sub-committees , although this [stays] the exception rather than the rule ( widdicombe , 1986 , vol .

Whatever management structures are created in the interest of co-ordination , ‘ personality ’ remains an important variable .
whatever management structures are created in the interest of co-ordination , ‘ personality ’ [stays] an important variable .

Indeed there remains much disagreement about precisely ( or even roughly ) how many organizations exist within the field of quasi-government .
indeed there [stays] much disagreement about precisely ( or even roughly ) how many organizations exist within the field of quasi-government .

However , as Table 11.1 shows , spending on fringe bodies still remains high .
however , as table 11.1 shows , spending on fringe bodies still [stays] high .

How far these proposals will reach fruition remains to be seen , but one thing is clear : as Hood ( 1981 , pp .
how far these proposals will reach fruition [stays] to be seen , but one thing is clear : as hood ( 1981 , pp .

Tessa watched him , completely absorbed in him , as he sat wearily down at the table again , located the brown sugar among the remains of the breakfast things , and dug a spoonful out to lick at .
tessa watched him , completely absorbed in him , as he sat wearily down at the table again , located the brown sugar among the [stays] of the breakfast things , and dug a spoonful out to lick at .

Light ; flowers ; brass fittings ; solemn intonation ; and in that box the already decomposing remains of the man who had occupied the corner desk in Dyson 's office each day since he had taken the department over .
light ; flowers ; brass fittings ; solemn intonation ; and in that box the already decomposing [stays] of the man who had occupied the corner desk in dyson 's office each day since he had taken the department over .

What remains from classical elite theory is the theme of the powerlessness of the masses and the rational unifying capacities of the minority groups , but modern elite theorists , perhaps surprisingly , are more concerned than their precursors to argue that the elites function not only in their own interest but also in the interests of society as a whole — an inevitable concomitant of the functional elitism now prevalent .
what [stays] from classical elite theory is the theme of the powerlessness of the masses and the rational unifying capacities of the minority groups , but modern elite theorists , perhaps surprisingly , are more concerned than their precursors to argue that the elites function not only in their own interest but also in the interests of society as a whole — an inevitable concomitant of the functional elitism now prevalent .

Having said this , Smith , being a Marxist , has to provide an alternative and more sophisticated account of why military expenditure remains high even if it is dysfunctional for capitalism For Smith , military expenditure is yet one more example of the contradictions of capitalism — it is both functional and dysfunctional .
having said this , smith , being a marxist , has to provide an alternative and more sophisticated account of why military expenditure [stays] high even if it is dysfunctional for capitalism for smith , military expenditure is yet one more example of the contradictions of capitalism — it is both functional and dysfunctional .

There remains , however , a wide range of views covering more obviously political aspects of the phenomena which could only be described together as ‘ elitist ’ if we accept that term as a residual category .
there [stays] , however , a wide range of views covering more obviously political aspects of the phenomena which could only be described together as ‘ elitist ’ if we accept that term as a residual category .

It remains extraordinary , though , that with a brain of only 950,000 neurons — less than a thousandth of those in the human retina — bees can learn colours , textures and smells as well as motor skills , and when set appropriate tasks can show most of the features of conditioning , associative and non-associative learning and relatively long-lasting memory found by mammalian psychologists in organisms with many-fold larger brains .
it [stays] extraordinary , though , that with a brain of only 950,000 neurons — less than a thousandth of those in the human retina — bees can learn colours , textures and smells as well as motor skills , and when set appropriate tasks can show most of the features of conditioning , associative and non-associative learning and relatively long-lasting memory found by mammalian psychologists in organisms with many-fold larger brains .

Hebb 's view , as described in Chapter 6 , was that memory formation should involve some element of synaptic growth or reconstruction , thus providing a new pattern of connectivity between neurons which can subsequently be preserved ; and this indeed remains the consensus , though by no means the only view .
hebb 's view , as described in chapter 6 , was that memory formation should involve some element of synaptic growth or reconstruction , thus providing a new pattern of connectivity between neurons which can subsequently be preserved ; and this indeed [stays] the consensus , though by no means the only view .

Theoretically they mark a stage in the formation of organic soils , but as neither mosses nor lichens put down penetrating roots , and earthworms are lacking , organic material remains mostly superficial .
theoretically they mark a stage in the formation of organic soils , but as neither mosses nor lichens put down penetrating roots , and earthworms are lacking , organic material [stays] mostly superficial .

Where moisture is limited and productivity low the moss covering remains thin .
where moisture is limited and productivity low the moss covering [stays] thin .

Thawing occurs slowly in May and June ; generally the larger the water body , the longer it takes to thaw out in spring , and the cooler it remains through summer .
thawing occurs slowly in may and june ; generally the larger the water body , the longer it takes to thaw out in spring , and the cooler it [stays] through summer .

The surrounding catchment area at first contributes little but clear run-off , and the lake water remains oligotrophic for a long period .
the surrounding catchment area at first contributes little but clear run-off , and the lake water [stays] oligotrophic for a long period .

The ice crystals are pure water , and the concentrated brine that remains after their formation gathers in pockets and channels between the crystals , ultimately to drain back into the sea and sink away from the ice-sheet .
the ice crystals are pure water , and the concentrated brine that [stays] after their formation gathers in pockets and channels between the crystals , ultimately to drain back into the sea and sink away from the ice-sheet .

Winter sea ice covers some 12–13 x 10 6 km 2 of the Arctic basin , extending over most of the ocean surface ; the amount of sea ice varies from season to season , but usually only the southwestern Barents Sea north to Murmansk remains open to shipping .
winter sea ice covers some 12–13 x 10 6 km 2 of the arctic basin , extending over most of the ocean surface ; the amount of sea ice varies from season to season , but usually only the southwestern barents sea north to murmansk [stays] open to shipping .

These openings , some of which occur in the same place year after year , are often of great biological importance , allowing light to penetrate , phytoplankton to bloom , and whales , seals and seabirds to survive when the rest of the sea remains covered .
these openings , some of which occur in the same place year after year , are often of great biological importance , allowing light to penetrate , phytoplankton to bloom , and whales , seals and seabirds to survive when the rest of the sea [stays] covered .

In constant contact with ice , its temperature remains close to freezing point .
in constant contact with ice , its temperature [stays] close to freezing point .

The shore remains frozen until the summer thaw ; during summer the beaches and rocky shores alike are scoured by floating ice ; in consequence few plants or animals inhabit the intertidal or upper littoral zones .
the shore [stays] frozen until the summer thaw ; during summer the beaches and rocky shores alike are scoured by floating ice ; in consequence few plants or animals inhabit the intertidal or upper littoral zones .

Both the environmental temperatures and the body activities that provide the main source of internal heating fluctuate from minute to minute , yet the point of balance represented by core temperature remains remarkably constant .
both the environmental temperatures and the body activities that provide the main source of internal heating fluctuate from minute to minute , yet the point of balance represented by core temperature [stays] remarkably constant .

The basic ecological problem of limited resources remains .
the basic ecological problem of limited resources [stays] .

There is now widespread interest in protecting remnant stocks of polar and subpolar animals , in allowing at least some of the devastated islands to recover , and in preserving what remains of wilderness areas at either end of the world .
there is now widespread interest in protecting remnant stocks of polar and subpolar animals , in allowing at least some of the devastated islands to recover , and in preserving what [stays] of wilderness areas at either end of the world .

She lit another cigarette and pushed the remains of a croissant away from her across the table .
she lit another cigarette and pushed the [stays] of a croissant away from her across the table .

Equally , the strategy may serve as another of the various ‘ camouflaging ’ devices we have identified ; in this case what remains disguised is the extent to which a class teacher 's limited grasp of specialist subject matter may make unavailable the options of adopting a more focused and challenging mode of questioning , or making judicious use of a didactic mode .
equally , the strategy may serve as another of the various ‘ camouflaging ’ devices we have identified ; in this case what [stays] disguised is the extent to which a class teacher 's limited grasp of specialist subject matter may make unavailable the options of adopting a more focused and challenging mode of questioning , or making judicious use of a didactic mode .

However , the idea of a free-wheeling change-agent and catalyst in each school remains a powerful one .
however , the idea of a free-wheeling change-agent and catalyst in each school [stays] a powerful one .

Notwithstanding the current shift to collegial and whole-school management , the head remains pivotal to the successful management of a primary school .
notwithstanding the current shift to collegial and whole-school management , the head [stays] pivotal to the successful management of a primary school .

Thus , formal procedures are not so much an alternative as an adjunct to the informal collaboration which is such an important feature of the best primary schools ; and the part played by the head in securing the most productive mix of formal procedure and informal consultation/collaboration remains central .
thus , formal procedures are not so much an alternative as an adjunct to the informal collaboration which is such an important feature of the best primary schools ; and the part played by the head in securing the most productive mix of formal procedure and informal consultation/collaboration [stays] central .

Some move towards a local income tax remains the policy of the Liberal Democrats and would be feasible in the long term .
some move towards a local income tax [stays] the policy of the liberal democrats and would be feasible in the long term .

There was the remains of tea at the bottom of the cup , and a smudge of bright red lipstick on its rim .
there was the [stays] of tea at the bottom of the cup , and a smudge of bright red lipstick on its rim .

The house 's former importance can be measured according to its size , exquisite , courageous location , and the remains of huge fireplaces .
the house 's former importance can be measured according to its size , exquisite , courageous location , and the [stays] of huge fireplaces .

Beyond Broadford ( which Boswell calls ‘ Broadfoot ’ ) , past today 's electricity installations , down a long roadway , lies the farm at which they stayed , and some remains of the original house still stand .
beyond broadford ( which boswell calls ‘ broadfoot ’ ) , past today 's electricity installations , down a long roadway , lies the farm at which they stayed , and some [stays] of the original house still stand .

Born in South Uist , she became and remains a most famous woman in Scottish history , epitomising forever the more acceptable of the romances associated with the Stuart cause .
born in south uist , she became and [stays] a most famous woman in scottish history , epitomising forever the more acceptable of the romances associated with the stuart cause .

Even when Mr McQueen said that since Asia Minor had been populated by Celts , could not the same religion have come with the Celts to Skye , Johnson defied him , and the point he made remains valid to this day .
even when mr mcqueen said that since asia minor had been populated by celts , could not the same religion have come with the celts to skye , johnson defied him , and the point he made [stays] valid to this day .

However , a more basic explanation for the persistent trade imbalance is that the economies of the two regions have developed in such a way that the scope for exchange always has been ( and remains ) severely limited .
however , a more basic explanation for the persistent trade imbalance is that the economies of the two regions have developed in such a way that the scope for exchange always has been ( and [stays] ) severely limited .

The precise timing of this decision remains a mystery .
the precise timing of this decision [stays] a mystery .

Nijinsky 's role in this remains mysterious —
nijinsky 's role in this [stays] mysterious —

While these observations undoubtedly discredit Clarke 's theory , Holt 's position remains intact .
while these observations undoubtedly discredit clarke 's theory , holt 's position [stays] intact .

For the moment , it remains inarguable that
for the moment , it [stays] inarguable that

The police complaints procedure remains a ‘ watchdog without teeth ’ ( Emerson , 1989 ) .
the police complaints procedure [stays] a ‘ watchdog without teeth ’ ( emerson , 1989 ) .

During the night and for several hours after dawn the summit remains clearly visible , but as the plain warms up in the morning sun , the hot air rises and becomes vapour at a given height .
during the night and for several hours after dawn the summit [stays] clearly visible , but as the plain warms up in the morning sun , the hot air rises and becomes vapour at a given height .

Then he would kiss it where he knew its mistress 's lips had been not long before ( the location of the kiss remains a matter of debate : some say on the muzzle , some say on the top of the head ) ; he would whisper in the shaggy ear of Nero ( or Thabor ) the secrets he longed to whisper in the ear that lay between the muslin dress and the straw hat ; and he would burst into tears .
then he would kiss it where he knew its mistress 's lips had been not long before ( the location of the kiss [stays] a matter of debate : some say on the muzzle , some say on the top of the head ) ; he would whisper in the shaggy ear of nero ( or thabor ) the secrets he longed to whisper in the ear that lay between the muslin dress and the straw hat ; and he would burst into tears .

It 's a characterisation which always remains unshaken by the fact that Flaubert loathed the bourgeoisie .
it 's a characterisation which always [stays] unshaken by the fact that flaubert loathed the bourgeoisie .

‘ Then ten thousand men yell insults , wave their arms threateningly , spit upon the carriage , and pass like a whirlwind of curses . The Emperor still remains immovable without making a sign or uttering a word , but , he thinks , ‘ Those are the men they used to call my Praetorian Guards ! ’
‘ then ten thousand men yell insults , wave their arms threateningly , spit upon the carriage , and pass like a whirlwind of curses . the emperor still [stays] immovable without making a sign or uttering a word , but , he thinks , ‘ those are the men they used to call my praetorian guards ! ’

Transferred to the realm of gender relations , this would describe the state of affairs in which a woman has influence over a man and manipulates his discourses , but is allowed this power only as long as she agrees not to flaunt it and remains in the position of silent partner with no autonomous voice .
transferred to the realm of gender relations , this would describe the state of affairs in which a woman has influence over a man and manipulates his discourses , but is allowed this power only as long as she agrees not to flaunt it and [stays] in the position of silent partner with no autonomous voice .

From your dust , wash what remains
from your dust , wash what [stays]

But it still remains as hard to pin down a professional .
but it still [stays] as hard to pin down a professional .

Torrance 's putt remains one of most lingering memories of the ‘ 80 's , which is rather ironic because putting has never been one of the strongest parts of the Scot 's game .
torrance 's putt [stays] one of most lingering memories of the ‘ 80 's , which is rather ironic because putting has never been one of the strongest parts of the scot 's game .

The British Women 's Amateur Championship , at Pannal in June , remains the top event on the calendar , while the amateurs also relish the opportunity to rub shoulders with the pros in the British Women 's Open in August .
the british women 's amateur championship , at pannal in june , [stays] the top event on the calendar , while the amateurs also relish the opportunity to rub shoulders with the pros in the british women 's open in august .

Subdued housing market turnover since the end of 1988 has also made it difficult for borrowers to clear arrears by trading down , and some may have thought it in their best interests to default once their mortgages exceeded the value of their homes — although the borrower in this situation still remains legally liable for any outstanding debt after the property has been sold .
subdued housing market turnover since the end of 1988 has also made it difficult for borrowers to clear arrears by trading down , and some may have thought it in their best interests to default once their mortgages exceeded the value of their homes — although the borrower in this situation still [stays] legally liable for any outstanding debt after the property has been sold .

For the big four clearing banks , the stock of domestic provisions in relation to domestic lending ( 1.65 per cent in 1990 ) remains some way below the levels of the early 1980s and , while building societies ' mortgage losses and provision were at a record level in relation to mean assets last year ( 0.23 per cent ) , the ratio remained small in absolute terms .
for the big four clearing banks , the stock of domestic provisions in relation to domestic lending ( 1.65 per cent in 1990 ) [stays] some way below the levels of the early 1980s and , while building societies ' mortgage losses and provision were at a record level in relation to mean assets last year ( 0.23 per cent ) , the ratio remained small in absolute terms .

Steaming fish the Cantonese way ensures that the delicate flesh remains moist .
steaming fish the cantonese way ensures that the delicate flesh [stays] moist .

But despite all the difficulties , he still remains optimistic .
but despite all the difficulties , he still [stays] optimistic .

Although no specific percentages were mentioned in the Act , the government had originally intended that the whole of the national curriculum should occupy 70 per cent of the timetable ; but it should also be remembered that religious education has been mandatory since 1944 and remains so .
although no specific percentages were mentioned in the act , the government had originally intended that the whole of the national curriculum should occupy 70 per cent of the timetable ; but it should also be remembered that religious education has been mandatory since 1944 and [stays] so .

’ It remains to be seen whether the extra £250 million will put new life into the scheme .
’ it [stays] to be seen whether the extra £250 million will put new life into the scheme .

unemployment remains nevertheless an evil that touches all of the community .
unemployment [stays] nevertheless an evil that touches all of the community .

The White Paper , while not excluding local authority provision , stresses the need for actively supporting the private and voluntary sectors : ‘ The statutory sector will continue to play an important role in backing up , developing and monitoring private and voluntary care facilities , and providing services where this remains the best way of meeting those needs .
the white paper , while not excluding local authority provision , stresses the need for actively supporting the private and voluntary sectors : ‘ the statutory sector will continue to play an important role in backing up , developing and monitoring private and voluntary care facilities , and providing services where this [stays] the best way of meeting those needs .

Using the simple controls you can adjust the length of time the light remains on ; the high level at which the device will come on ; and the distance over which it will operate ( up to 16 metres ) .
using the simple controls you can adjust the length of time the light [stays] on ; the high level at which the device will come on ; and the distance over which it will operate ( up to 16 metres ) .

Although it was published a couple of years ago , this book still remains one of the most useful all-round guides to restoring old houses and cottages .
although it was published a couple of years ago , this book still [stays] one of the most useful all-round guides to restoring old houses and cottages .

It remains very different to their relationship to hardpack .
it [stays] very different to their relationship to hardpack .

With all its differences , gouache remains a water-based or watercolour medium .
with all its differences , gouache [stays] a water-based or watercolour medium .

The remains of an old suspension footbridge with multiple vertical wires dangles into water ( in spate the suspension wires are at neck height ) .
the [stays] of an old suspension footbridge with multiple vertical wires dangles into water ( in spate the suspension wires are at neck height ) .

The Bureau also remains in close touch with the key people in Brussels and Whitehall .
the bureau also [stays] in close touch with the key people in brussels and whitehall .

Near to it stands the Wailing Wall which is all that remains of the ancient Jewish Temple , .
near to it stands the wailing wall which is all that [stays] of the ancient jewish temple , .

There are no nearby cities , and there is so much space that the area remains unspoilt .
there are no nearby cities , and there is so much space that the area [stays] unspoilt .

Whatever the substance of the case against him , there still remains something fundamentally obscurantist in the demonisation of Saddam .
whatever the substance of the case against him , there still [stays] something fundamentally obscurantist in the demonisation of saddam .

It remains unconvinced about the plausibility of ‘ ultimate victory ’ in the face of the region 's myriad problems and widespread anti-Western animus and sceptical towards the categories of ‘ Goodies v Baddies ’ , which have been used in the past to call the West to arms .
it [stays] unconvinced about the plausibility of ‘ ultimate victory ’ in the face of the region 's myriad problems and widespread anti-western animus and sceptical towards the categories of ‘ goodies v baddies ’ , which have been used in the past to call the west to arms .

Manufacturing remains a significant force , but with an ever-decreasing share of the workforce .
manufacturing [stays] a significant force , but with an ever-decreasing share of the workforce .

Remember that whatever arrangements are made within families , in law each individual remains responsible if their Poll Tax bill is not paid .
remember that whatever arrangements are made within families , in law each individual [stays] responsible if their poll tax bill is not paid .

It is deplorable that the old Aldens supermarket site remains underused and the Whitehouse football ground plans stagnate .
it is deplorable that the old aldens supermarket site [stays] underused and the whitehouse football ground plans stagnate .

Whilst the Electoral Register remains the most reliable means of confirming the name and address of a credit applicant , tens of thousands of names have disappeared from the Register in the last year .
whilst the electoral register [stays] the most reliable means of confirming the name and address of a credit applicant , tens of thousands of names have disappeared from the register in the last year .

His climbing days were cut short in 1957 when he caught polio in the Himalayas , but he remains a dedicated walker and has since served as President of the Alpine Club and on the Mount Everest Foundation .
his climbing days were cut short in 1957 when he caught polio in the himalayas , but he [stays] a dedicated walker and has since served as president of the alpine club and on the mount everest foundation .

Sadly there is little documentary evidence relating to early introductions to Britain , although it is claimed that the Romans brought the walnut and sweet chestnut while remains or myrtle , bay and rosemary have been found on the sites of Roman villas , suggesting that these Mediterranean shrubs were cultivated in their gardens .
sadly there is little documentary evidence relating to early introductions to britain , although it is claimed that the romans brought the walnut and sweet chestnut while [stays] or myrtle , bay and rosemary have been found on the sites of roman villas , suggesting that these mediterranean shrubs were cultivated in their gardens .

But it was the idea of ‘ the garden in the wood ’ which really fired Lady Amory 's imagination ; to this day it remains her favourite part of the garden .
but it was the idea of ‘ the garden in the wood ’ which really fired lady amory 's imagination ; to this day it [stays] her favourite part of the garden .

Renouncing opulence , she remains heiress to a unique treasure — a jewelled sculpture called Eternité , designed by her grandfather in memory of his mistress .
renouncing opulence , she [stays] heiress to a unique treasure — a jewelled sculpture called eternité , designed by her grandfather in memory of his mistress .

Novels may have changed , but dropping hints about your will remains a sure-fire way to annoy your nearest and dearest .
novels may have changed , but dropping hints about your will [stays] a sure-fire way to annoy your nearest and dearest .

Only someone who has been in Moscow can fully appreciate that it is a city in which the warmth and intelligence of the people sometimes compensates for a basic implacable drear which , however submerged , remains the dominant backdrop to all pleasures .
only someone who has been in moscow can fully appreciate that it is a city in which the warmth and intelligence of the people sometimes compensates for a basic implacable drear which , however submerged , [stays] the dominant backdrop to all pleasures .

Either way , the lure of the canvas remains completely irresistible ( just ask Mr. James ) .
either way , the lure of the canvas [stays] completely irresistible ( just ask mr. james ) .

Indeed , he remains the one royal personage whom portraitists most want to paint .
indeed , he [stays] the one royal personage whom portraitists most want to paint .

Howard Morgan remains disarmingly dismissive of his talent .
howard morgan [stays] disarmingly dismissive of his talent .

Page , as it is always known , remains enthralled by the country , returning to it frequently to photograph and document the Vietnamese struggle to return to normality .
page , as it is always known , [stays] enthralled by the country , returning to it frequently to photograph and document the vietnamese struggle to return to normality .

Mortimer 's , meanwhile , remains the choice uptown watering hole , and its staff are having a bit of a laugh at Hollywood .
mortimer 's , meanwhile , [stays] the choice uptown watering hole , and its staff are having a bit of a laugh at hollywood .

Whether the circle of churches exists , or whether it is a figment of a map-maker 's imagination remains to be seen .
whether the circle of churches exists , or whether it is a figment of a map-maker 's imagination [stays] to be seen .

Afterwards it vanished without trace and the buyer remains unknown .
afterwards it vanished without trace and the buyer [stays] unknown .

Another enthusiast working further up the east coast recovered the fossilised remains of a dinosaur .
another enthusiast working further up the east coast recovered the fossilised [stays] of a dinosaur .

The remains we have found , i.e .
the [stays] we have found , i.e .

The 308 Sub Aqua Club project is to carry out a predisturbance survey of the remains and form a site plan .
the 308 sub aqua club project is to carry out a predisturbance survey of the [stays] and form a site plan .

Crushed remains of a Copper cauldron
crushed [stays] of a copper cauldron

Cross road , continue on other side ( no path for 30 yds ) to reach remains of old road ( track covered with prominent strip of heather ) ; turn left on it .
cross road , continue on other side ( no path for 30 yds ) to reach [stays] of old road ( track covered with prominent strip of heather ) ; turn left on it .

At very low tide , remains of a forest are revealed , consisting of stumps of birch , fir , hazel and oak trees .
at very low tide , [stays] of a forest are revealed , consisting of stumps of birch , fir , hazel and oak trees .

They walked the circuit of it , sifting among the remains , and Nicol , who had strayed a little further afield , suddenly uttered a shout , and plunging among the bushes , caught up and brandished before their eyes the small coffer which had held Herluin 's treasury .
they walked the circuit of it , sifting among the [stays] , and nicol , who had strayed a little further afield , suddenly uttered a shout , and plunging among the bushes , caught up and brandished before their eyes the small coffer which had held herluin 's treasury .

What remains is to put all together and consider what manner of man this could be .
what [stays] is to put all together and consider what manner of man this could be .

The result remains the same , whatever her reasons .
the result [stays] the same , whatever her reasons .

The modern western city remains the centre of many activities of society , but was seen as representing a large planning problem from the early 1960s .
the modern western city [stays] the centre of many activities of society , but was seen as representing a large planning problem from the early 1960s .

Sociolinguists may be somewhat surprised to note that Language and Disadvantage remains one of the most popular topics , with almost all courses at all levels giving it special emphasis .
sociolinguists may be somewhat surprised to note that language and disadvantage [stays] one of the most popular topics , with almost all courses at all levels giving it special emphasis .

The Department of Education and Science remains unwilling to declare its criteria for the recognition of overseas qualifications ; one suspects that the decisions are not based on any defined criteria , when one considers that British degrees are recognised irrespective of the class and subject in which they were taken , whilst a first degree in a community language from an overseas university will not generally be recognised .
the department of education and science [stays] unwilling to declare its criteria for the recognition of overseas qualifications ; one suspects that the decisions are not based on any defined criteria , when one considers that british degrees are recognised irrespective of the class and subject in which they were taken , whilst a first degree in a community language from an overseas university will not generally be recognised .

Thus tutorial support of students ' progress remains an important teaching strategy .
thus tutorial support of students ' progress [stays] an important teaching strategy .

There remains only the second part of this course to describe .
there [stays] only the second part of this course to describe .

In Britain today English remains the language of literacy in the work place , in public , in the media and in all other spheres of British life .
in britain today english [stays] the language of literacy in the work place , in public , in the media and in all other spheres of british life .

While the proportion of pupils continuing to learn a foreign language to age 16 has improved in recent years , to a little more than two-fifths , the drop-out rate , particularly of boys , remains regrettable ’ .
while the proportion of pupils continuing to learn a foreign language to age 16 has improved in recent years , to a little more than two-fifths , the drop-out rate , particularly of boys , [stays] regrettable ’ .

The town planning ship ran into choppy waters and it remains in uncertain seas .
the town planning ship ran into choppy waters and it [stays] in uncertain seas .

But the fact remains that the Labour Party manifesto of 1945 contained nothing about New Towns .
but the fact [stays] that the labour party manifesto of 1945 contained nothing about new towns .

Thirty years on , this remains a pertinent question , but in the meantime the limits of urban development have been rigorously held in check by this planning device .
thirty years on , this [stays] a pertinent question , but in the meantime the limits of urban development have been rigorously held in check by this planning device .

In an age that was becoming increasingly fascinated with history , the prospect of extending the antiquity of life itself by uncovering the remains of bizarre and often gigantic animals had a romantic appeal outside the realms of science .
in an age that was becoming increasingly fascinated with history , the prospect of extending the antiquity of life itself by uncovering the [stays] of bizarre and often gigantic animals had a romantic appeal outside the realms of science .

The hyena remains that William Buckland took as evidence of the deluge belonged to the same recent period , as did the giant deer sometimes called the ‘ Irish elk ’ .
the hyena [stays] that william buckland took as evidence of the deluge belonged to the same recent period , as did the giant deer sometimes called the ‘ irish elk ’ .

In fact , Owen misinterpreted the remains of Megalosaurus and Iguanodon , presenting them as gigantic lizards standing on four legs .
in fact , owen misinterpreted the [stays] of megalosaurus and iguanodon , presenting them as gigantic lizards standing on four legs .

The Old Red Sandstone of Scotland was particularly rich in the remains of strange fish , many of them covered with a kind of bony armour-plating .
the old red sandstone of scotland was particularly rich in the [stays] of strange fish , many of them covered with a kind of bony armour-plating .

During the early years of the new century , Osborn and his colleagues at the American Museum of Natural History created striking displays of the great dinosaurs whose remains had been unearthed in the west , solving the complex technical problems involved in reconstructing the skeletons of such exotic beasts .
during the early years of the new century , osborn and his colleagues at the american museum of natural history created striking displays of the great dinosaurs whose [stays] had been unearthed in the west , solving the complex technical problems involved in reconstructing the skeletons of such exotic beasts .

In the 1880s more Neanderthal-like remains were found , and many paleoanthropologists began to argue that they comprised a distinct species intermediate between apes and humans .
in the 1880s more neanderthal-like [stays] were found , and many paleoanthropologists began to argue that they comprised a distinct species intermediate between apes and humans .

During Miocene and Pliocene times tapirs abounded over the whole of Europe and Asia , their remains having been found in the tertiary deposits of France , India , Burmah , and China .
during miocene and pliocene times tapirs abounded over the whole of europe and asia , their [stays] having been found in the tertiary deposits of france , india , burmah , and china .

In both North and South America , fossil remains of tapirs only occur in caves and deposits of Post-Pliocene age , showing that they are comparatively recent immigrants into that continent .
in both north and south america , fossil [stays] of tapirs only occur in caves and deposits of post-pliocene age , showing that they are comparatively recent immigrants into that continent .

It builds and remains in a very localised position .
it builds and [stays] in a very localised position .

‘ Well , that remains to be seen , does n't it ?
‘ well , that [stays] to be seen , does n't it ?

The sound had come from the kitchen and Charlotte led the way through to where Frank Griffith sat smoking over the remains of a bread and cheese lunch .
the sound had come from the kitchen and charlotte led the way through to where frank griffith sat smoking over the [stays] of a bread and cheese lunch .

Perched high on a hill , the remains of the place overlooked Dublin like some skeletal sentinel .
perched high on a hill , the [stays] of the place overlooked dublin like some skeletal sentinel .

Julie tugged hard at the remains of it and pulled it down .
julie tugged hard at the [stays] of it and pulled it down .

From the resurrection of Ba'al , to the resurrection of Christ , the rituals have changed ; even the meaning given to the weeping has changed ; but the power of tears remains .
from the resurrection of ba'al , to the resurrection of christ , the rituals have changed ; even the meaning given to the weeping has changed ; but the power of tears [stays] .

The effectiveness of any measure of external fire fighting would be extremely limited whilst the external cladding of a building remains intact and in the case of the taller building even the range of turntable ladders or hydraulic platforms may be insufficient .
the effectiveness of any measure of external fire fighting would be extremely limited whilst the external cladding of a building [stays] intact and in the case of the taller building even the range of turntable ladders or hydraulic platforms may be insufficient .

The question , though , remains : given these differences , is there any sense in which we can still refer today to a single academic community ? If there is , it has to be at a deeper level of thought and interaction than we have so far identified .
the question , though , [stays] : given these differences , is there any sense in which we can still refer today to a single academic community ? if there is , it has to be at a deeper level of thought and interaction than we have so far identified .

The point , though , remains .
the point , though , [stays] .

Nevertheless , whatever the scope of this self-examination , it remains a constituent part of every disciplinary sub-culture .
nevertheless , whatever the scope of this self-examination , it [stays] a constituent part of every disciplinary sub-culture .

If knowing how to go on in a discipline is largely a matter of rule-following , it remains the case that the rules are as much socially imposed by the disciplinary tribe as they are by epistemic considerations ( Becher 1989 ) .
if knowing how to go on in a discipline is largely a matter of rule-following , it [stays] the case that the rules are as much socially imposed by the disciplinary tribe as they are by epistemic considerations ( becher 1989 ) .

The key point remains , however : research is seldom driven by curricular considerations , but is normally given direction by an interest structure based on academic careers and the public use of knowledge .
the key point [stays] , however : research is seldom driven by curricular considerations , but is normally given direction by an interest structure based on academic careers and the public use of knowledge .

None the less , it remains the case that academics ' public debate over academic freedom is grounded in their wish to defend their rights — as they see it — to conduct their own activities in the way they see fit .
none the less , it [stays] the case that academics ' public debate over academic freedom is grounded in their wish to defend their rights — as they see it — to conduct their own activities in the way they see fit .

With the cable connected all that remains is to plug in the stylus to the socket at the side of the tablet , load the program and start drawing .
with the cable connected all that [stays] is to plug in the stylus to the socket at the side of the tablet , load the program and start drawing .

The remains of an open-caste mine , shut down over a decade earlier , lay to the west .
the [stays] of an open-caste mine , shut down over a decade earlier , lay to the west .

To the left of the map pictures of Paula Wilson , plus the remains of the two dead murderers , were tacked .
to the left of the map pictures of paula wilson , plus the [stays] of the two dead murderers , were tacked .

Anne Hopper winced as she looked at the remains of the bullock lying on the large wooden worktop in the prison kitchen .
anne hopper winced as she looked at the [stays] of the bullock lying on the large wooden worktop in the prison kitchen .

It is only if a strike remains in the news for a long period that anything of its history or underlying causes will emerge and then only in the ‘ quality ’ press , rarely on television or in the tabloid newspapers where most people obtain their information .
it is only if a strike [stays] in the news for a long period that anything of its history or underlying causes will emerge and then only in the ‘ quality ’ press , rarely on television or in the tabloid newspapers where most people obtain their information .

Above all , the changes and uncertainty of the present period mean that the full extent of the current developments in employment patterns remains very much an open issue .
above all , the changes and uncertainty of the present period mean that the full extent of the current developments in employment patterns [stays] very much an open issue .

In other words , existing social/organisational arrangements are still considered to be legitimate , or natural , and the main question which remains is how to control or utilise inevitable conflicts .
in other words , existing social/organisational arrangements are still considered to be legitimate , or natural , and the main question which [stays] is how to control or utilise inevitable conflicts .

( however , it remains true that employees must receive rewards ( pay etc ) which give them compensation for their efforts .
( however , it [stays] true that employees must receive rewards ( pay etc ) which give them compensation for their efforts .

Where a supervisor delegates authority to his subordinate , he remains responsible for ensuring that the work gets done , albeit by the subordinate rather than by himself personally .
where a supervisor delegates authority to his subordinate , he [stays] responsible for ensuring that the work gets done , albeit by the subordinate rather than by himself personally .

responsibility should be exacted from the subordinate by the superior for results obtained ( because ultimate responsibility remains with the superior ) .
responsibility should be exacted from the subordinate by the superior for results obtained ( because ultimate responsibility [stays] with the superior ) .

Some functional departmentation remains ( eg manufacturing , distribution , marketing and sales ) but a divisional manager is given responsibility for the product , product line or brand , with authority over the personnel of different functions involved in its production marketing etc .
some functional departmentation [stays] ( eg manufacturing , distribution , marketing and sales ) but a divisional manager is given responsibility for the product , product line or brand , with authority over the personnel of different functions involved in its production marketing etc .

However , as Child ( 1984 ) has pointed out , only the formal structure is subject to control and planning by management , thus it remains the fundamental concern of organisation theory .
however , as child ( 1984 ) has pointed out , only the formal structure is subject to control and planning by management , thus it [stays] the fundamental concern of organisation theory .

The colour of the old breed was distinguished by the now obsolete term sorrel — a name which still remains in many Suffolk inns .
the colour of the old breed was distinguished by the now obsolete term sorrel — a name which still [stays] in many suffolk inns .

‘ This any good for hanky-panky ? ’ he said , passing the roach back to Rory , who took a last hot toke then flicked the remains into the heart of the fire .
‘ this any good for hanky-panky ? ’ he said , passing the roach back to rory , who took a last hot toke then flicked the [stays] into the heart of the fire .

Fergus looked suitably disgusted , and threw back the remains of his own whisky and soda in one gulp .
fergus looked suitably disgusted , and threw back the [stays] of his own whisky and soda in one gulp .

Ramsey , as shown by surviving remains and fragments , was the originator of the Perpendicular style , a marked advance from the curvilinear forms current before 1330 .
ramsey , as shown by surviving [stays] and fragments , was the originator of the perpendicular style , a marked advance from the curvilinear forms current before 1330 .

Much of his writing remains unpublished .
much of his writing [stays] unpublished .

The extent of British involvement in the revolt remains a matter of conjecture , but Humphrys and his colleagues warmly supported the candidature of Nadir Khan , Amanullah 's successor , and vigorously opposed Amanullah 's attempt to stage a comeback from his retreat in Kandahar .
the extent of british involvement in the revolt [stays] a matter of conjecture , but humphrys and his colleagues warmly supported the candidature of nadir khan , amanullah 's successor , and vigorously opposed amanullah 's attempt to stage a comeback from his retreat in kandahar .

Between 1908 and 1912 Dawson was responsible for recovering the remains of a human skull from a reputedly ancient gravel bed located at Barkham Manor ( where he was steward ) , near Piltdown in East Sussex .
between 1908 and 1912 dawson was responsible for recovering the [stays] of a human skull from a reputedly ancient gravel bed located at barkham manor ( where he was steward ) , near piltdown in east sussex .

On 18 December 1912 a reconstruction of these remains was presented to the Geological Society of London by ( Sir ) Arthur Smith Woodward [ q.v . ]
on 18 december 1912 a reconstruction of these [stays] was presented to the geological society of london by ( sir ) arthur smith woodward [ q.v . ]

In 1953 a detailed examination of the Piltdown remains demonstrated conclusively that they were faked and had been planted as part of an elaborate hoax , evidently aimed at manipulating scientific views on human evolution .
in 1953 a detailed examination of the piltdown [stays] demonstrated conclusively that they were faked and had been planted as part of an elaborate hoax , evidently aimed at manipulating scientific views on human evolution .

If not a novelist , Radcliffe remains an unusual writer .
if not a novelist , radcliffe [stays] an unusual writer .

They were devised in conjunction ( the exact degree of which remains unknown ) with Christian Huygens of Zulichem , who is credited with making the very first pendulum clock in 1656 .
they were devised in conjunction ( the exact degree of which [stays] unknown ) with christian huygens of zulichem , who is credited with making the very first pendulum clock in 1656 .

Unfortunately , parts of the original manuscript , especially those dealing with tillage and the management of stock other than sheep , have been lost , but what remains of this farming book comprises the most detailed contemporary account of seventeenth-century farming practice .
unfortunately , parts of the original manuscript , especially those dealing with tillage and the management of stock other than sheep , have been lost , but what [stays] of this farming book comprises the most detailed contemporary account of seventeenth-century farming practice .

Will Hay created the role of the seedy , blustering , and ineffectual teacher to such effect that his name remains a byword for the caricatured schoolmaster , and , usually with a small company of two or three ‘ boys ’ , he topped variety bills across the country , made successful trips overseas , and became a noted radio performer .
will hay created the role of the seedy , blustering , and ineffectual teacher to such effect that his name [stays] a byword for the caricatured schoolmaster , and , usually with a small company of two or three ‘ boys ’ , he topped variety bills across the country , made successful trips overseas , and became a noted radio performer .

By 1848 MacLauchlan was conducting a similar survey of ancient remains in the North Riding of Yorkshire for Algernon Percy , Lord Prudhoe ( later fourth Duke of Northumberland , q.v . )
by 1848 maclauchlan was conducting a similar survey of ancient [stays] in the north riding of yorkshire for algernon percy , lord prudhoe ( later fourth duke of northumberland , q.v . )

On its successful completion and publication ( Archaeological Journal , 1849 ) , the duke commissioned MacLauchlan to undertake further field surveys of Watling Street , Hadrian 's Wall , the eastern branch of Watling Street , and other remains in Northumberland , all of which were carried out and published between 1850 and 1867 .
on its successful completion and publication ( archaeological journal , 1849 ) , the duke commissioned maclauchlan to undertake further field surveys of watling street , hadrian 's wall , the eastern branch of watling street , and other [stays] in northumberland , all of which were carried out and published between 1850 and 1867 .

Later scholars who worked on Roman and prehistoric remains in the north of England freely acknowledge their debt to MacLauchlan 's draughtsmanship , accuracy , and outstanding physical endeavours .
later scholars who worked on roman and prehistoric [stays] in the north of england freely acknowledge their debt to maclauchlan 's draughtsmanship , accuracy , and outstanding physical endeavours .

His article on heraldry in the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica remains one of the best and most erudite introductions to the subject : he also made a shorter contribution to Shakespeare 's England ( 1916 ) .
his article on heraldry in the 1911 encyclopaedia britannica [stays] one of the best and most erudite introductions to the subject : he also made a shorter contribution to shakespeare 's england ( 1916 ) .

She was buried in the new cemetery two miles away at Kensal Green , and Edward 's remains were moved to be with her .
she was buried in the new cemetery two miles away at kensal green , and edward 's [stays] were moved to be with her .

was a little surprised at Noell 's knighthood in 1662 ; whether it is sufficiently explained by the resumption of his dual role as West India lobbyist and revenue farmer cum government creditor remains an open question .
was a little surprised at noell 's knighthood in 1662 ; whether it is sufficiently explained by the resumption of his dual role as west india lobbyist and revenue farmer cum government creditor [stays] an open question .

Schorne 's real fame in picture and text lay invariably in his exploit of trapping the Devil in his boot , but what , if any , incident or allegory underlay this celebration remains completely obscure .
schorne 's real fame in picture and text lay invariably in his exploit of trapping the devil in his boot , but what , if any , incident or allegory underlay this celebration [stays] completely obscure .

In 1924 Winifred Nicholson purchased Bankshead , a stone farmhouse built over the remains of a Roman mile-castle on Hadrian 's wall , and this unusual residence remained her home all her life .
in 1924 winifred nicholson purchased bankshead , a stone farmhouse built over the [stays] of a roman mile-castle on hadrian 's wall , and this unusual residence remained her home all her life .

After eighty years this work remains the unrivalled grammatical introduction to the Swahili of Mombasa .
after eighty years this work [stays] the unrivalled grammatical introduction to the swahili of mombasa .

These , particularly Megalithic Sites in Britain ( 1967 ) , drew attention to the probable astronomical significance of the megalithic remains .
these , particularly megalithic sites in britain ( 1967 ) , drew attention to the probable astronomical significance of the megalithic [stays] .

The remains of Howard 's landscaping are still to be seen at Deepdene ; a further surviving relic of his horticultural activities there is provided by his herbarium , dated 1660 , now at Arundel Castle .
the [stays] of howard 's landscaping are still to be seen at deepdene ; a further surviving relic of his horticultural activities there is provided by his herbarium , dated 1660 , now at arundel castle .

Its scale surpassed all other iron and glass structures at that time and it remains the finest example of a curvilinear wrought-iron and glass conservatory .
its scale surpassed all other iron and glass structures at that time and it [stays] the finest example of a curvilinear wrought-iron and glass conservatory .

He was buried in Rushbrooke ( where his monument remains ) 7 January 1645 .
he was buried in rushbrooke ( where his monument [stays] ) 7 january 1645 .

His business career remains equally obscure , but it is likely that he began working on the rougher side of the tavern trade .
his business career [stays] equally obscure , but it is likely that he began working on the rougher side of the tavern trade .

But his great ambition was to discover the remains of the famous Temple of Artemis ( or Diana ) at Ephesus , south of Smyrna , which had completely disappeared from sight in the middle ages .
but his great ambition was to discover the [stays] of the famous temple of artemis ( or diana ) at ephesus , south of smyrna , which had completely disappeared from sight in the middle ages .

It is a measure of Gray 's single-minded devotion to anatomy and authorship that ‘ Gray 's Anatomy ’ remains even today , not only an important book of reference but as virtually a household phrase .
it is a measure of gray 's single-minded devotion to anatomy and authorship that ‘ gray 's anatomy ’ [stays] even today , not only an important book of reference but as virtually a household phrase .

Quelch produced in Justice a lively and well-informed paper which remains invaluable for the history , especially the grass-roots history , of the modern Labour movement .
quelch produced in justice a lively and well-informed paper which [stays] invaluable for the history , especially the grass-roots history , of the modern labour movement .

Women 's response to poverty and unemployment remains an enigma , and whilst the inequality which leads to civil war between men on the streets is called a riot , the battles at home between unequals , in which the less powerful are also the losers , is dismissed as ‘ domestic violence ’ .
women 's response to poverty and unemployment [stays] an enigma , and whilst the inequality which leads to civil war between men on the streets is called a riot , the battles at home between unequals , in which the less powerful are also the losers , is dismissed as ‘ domestic violence ’ .

The assumption remains that most women will continue to be satisfied with conventional provision and that the others , the ‘ more liberated ’ perhaps , can choose women 's studies options which now exist amidst the many other courses that go to make up a centre programme .
the assumption [stays] that most women will continue to be satisfied with conventional provision and that the others , the ‘ more liberated ’ perhaps , can choose women 's studies options which now exist amidst the many other courses that go to make up a centre programme .

The contradiction remains that in a liberal framework , feminism can be tolerated in a piecemeal way , and be claimed as evidence of enlightenment and progress , so long as nothing else — the rest — has to change .
the contradiction [stays] that in a liberal framework , feminism can be tolerated in a piecemeal way , and be claimed as evidence of enlightenment and progress , so long as nothing else — the rest — has to change .

The charge remains floating and the company free to use the assets subject to the charge until the charge is converted into a fixed charge .
the charge [stays] floating and the company free to use the assets subject to the charge until the charge is converted into a fixed charge .

The question remains as to whether the register of charges maintained by the Registrar of Companies accurately reflects the extent of the incumbrances on a company 's property .
the question [stays] as to whether the register of charges maintained by the registrar of companies accurately reflects the extent of the incumbrances on a company 's property .

It is important to note that a void charge still remains valid against the company and there is no reason why the chargee should not take steps to enforce it .
it is important to note that a void charge still [stays] valid against the company and there is no reason why the chargee should not take steps to enforce it .

Registration does not cure any flaw in the charge itself as between the parties so that the validity of the charge remains challengeable by the company .
registration does not cure any flaw in the charge itself as between the parties so that the validity of the charge [stays] challengeable by the company .

’ The most obvious and common example of such a company is a ‘ shelf company ’ while it remains on the shelf .
’ the most obvious and common example of such a company is a ‘ shelf company ’ while it [stays] on the shelf .

It has even been held that presence remains no more than evidence of encouragement even when it is accompanied by a secret intention to help if necessary one of the participants in an affray .
it has even been held that presence [stays] no more than evidence of encouragement even when it is accompanied by a secret intention to help if necessary one of the participants in an affray .

’ How real a limitation on the scope of the offence this will prove to be remains to be seen .
’ how real a limitation on the scope of the offence this will prove to be [stays] to be seen .

He is no more likely to be provoked into acts of violence , even though he is made the subject of abusive and insulting remarks and conduct , and it is suggested that in this respect the law remains precisely the same .
he is no more likely to be provoked into acts of violence , even though he is made the subject of abusive and insulting remarks and conduct , and it is suggested that in this respect the law [stays] precisely the same .

It remains to be seen whether this new power will be used in such a way as to augment the existing powers that the police enjoy to give directions to prevent the occurrence of a breach of the peace .
it [stays] to be seen whether this new power will be used in such a way as to augment the existing powers that the police enjoy to give directions to prevent the occurrence of a breach of the peace .

It remains to be seen whether this becomes a modified form of dispersal power .
it [stays] to be seen whether this becomes a modified form of dispersal power .

One important question remains unsettled , namely , whether there can be a conviction for assault on a constable when the constable is not actually on duty in the technical sense that he has reported for his shift at the requisite time .
one important question [stays] unsettled , namely , whether there can be a conviction for assault on a constable when the constable is not actually on duty in the technical sense that he has reported for his shift at the requisite time .

In so far as it remains possible to approach the problem as a matter of principle , the law should be that , if a person is acting in a way that is independently lawful , his conduct should not become unlawful merely because he fails to obey the instructions of a policeman .
in so far as it [stays] possible to approach the problem as a matter of principle , the law should be that , if a person is acting in a way that is independently lawful , his conduct should not become unlawful merely because he fails to obey the instructions of a policeman .

The offence of assault with intent to resist arrest — whether by a policeman or a civilian — remains indictable , and punishable with two years-imprisonment .
the offence of assault with intent to resist arrest — whether by a policeman or a civilian — [stays] indictable , and punishable with two years-imprisonment .

For example , imagine that you have just seen cat , and the appropriate logogen has reached threshold , and activation of that logogen remains high .
for example , imagine that you have just seen cat , and the appropriate logogen has reached threshold , and activation of that logogen [stays] high .

This letter detector remains active for some brief period of time , until the pattern mask is presented .
this letter detector [stays] active for some brief period of time , until the pattern mask is presented .

As more and more of the presented word is heard , the size of this cohort will shrink , until eventually only one word detector remains activated .
as more and more of the presented word is heard , the size of this cohort will shrink , until eventually only one word detector [stays] activated .

However , as Flores d'Arcais and Schreuder ( 1983 ) point out , the relationship between these different kinds of processing remains to be investigated .
however , as flores d'arcais and schreuder ( 1983 ) point out , the relationship between these different kinds of processing [stays] to be investigated .

Although there seems to be fairly clear evidence in favour of an interactional view of sentence comprehension , there remains the question of whether syntactic analysis is optional or obligatory .
although there seems to be fairly clear evidence in favour of an interactional view of sentence comprehension , there [stays] the question of whether syntactic analysis is optional or obligatory .

This makes no difference as far as the clinical use of the concept of syndrome is concerned : it remains true that if you see x it is a good idea to look for y and z ( since they are so likely to be present ) .
this makes no difference as far as the clinical use of the concept of syndrome is concerned : it [stays] true that if you see x it is a good idea to look for y and z ( since they are so likely to be present ) .

However , the process which creates the functional predicate/argument structure remains relatively intact .
however , the process which creates the functional predicate/argument structure [stays] relatively intact .

Thus the pattern we would expect to see if the lexical procedure is damaged but the non-lexical procedure remains intact — if these procedures really are separate — is good reading of regular words and non-words with bad reading of exception words .
thus the pattern we would expect to see if the lexical procedure is damaged but the non-lexical procedure [stays] intact — if these procedures really are separate — is good reading of regular words and non-words with bad reading of exception words .

4b ) also make excellent small pools when sawn in half , but wooden containers that have contained oil , tar or wood preservative should be avoided , as any residue that remains will pollute the water and form an unsightly scum on the surface .
4b ) also make excellent small pools when sawn in half , but wooden containers that have contained oil , tar or wood preservative should be avoided , as any residue that [stays] will pollute the water and form an unsightly scum on the surface .

Rodriguez 's eyes were fixed on his plate , his short dark fingers crumbling the remains of his tortilla .
rodriguez 's eyes were fixed on his plate , his short dark fingers crumbling the [stays] of his tortilla .

Directions for the great north-south coastal highway came up and suddenly we were on a dual carriageway that cut through the remains of a giant sand slide .
directions for the great north-south coastal highway came up and suddenly we were on a dual carriageway that cut through the [stays] of a giant sand slide .

British backbenchers may cast envious glances at their American counterparts who both have a greater impact on executive-initiated legislation and conduct more thorough investigations of the bureaucracy , but the problem remains of how to transfer political institutions from one political system to another .
british backbenchers may cast envious glances at their american counterparts who both have a greater impact on executive-initiated legislation and conduct more thorough investigations of the bureaucracy , but the problem [stays] of how to transfer political institutions from one political system to another .

Whether citizens ' charters on the model of those introduced in Great Britain from 1991 onwards amount to more than a symbolic empowerment of consumer-citizens remains to be seen .
whether citizens ' charters on the model of those introduced in great britain from 1991 onwards amount to more than a symbolic empowerment of consumer-citizens [stays] to be seen .

Of course , it can be argued that the theoretical presumption of innocence in the West is frequently negated by the pressure , particularly in the lower courts , to ‘ plea bargain ' , that is agree to plead guilty to a relatively minor charge and receive a relatively light sentence , rather than plead not guilty , endure a long wait for a trial ( possibly in custody ) and , if found guilty , receive a heavier sentence , although there always remains the chance of acquittal .
of course , it can be argued that the theoretical presumption of innocence in the west is frequently negated by the pressure , particularly in the lower courts , to ‘ plea bargain ' , that is agree to plead guilty to a relatively minor charge and receive a relatively light sentence , rather than plead not guilty , endure a long wait for a trial ( possibly in custody ) and , if found guilty , receive a heavier sentence , although there always [stays] the chance of acquittal .

While this remains largely true , there is growing awareness , not confined to elite groups , that decision-makers at the national level are unable to solve pressing domestic problems .
while this [stays] largely true , there is growing awareness , not confined to elite groups , that decision-makers at the national level are unable to solve pressing domestic problems .

As Tomkins and Barker ( 1985 ) point out , the concept has not been enunciated in the public sector context and it may be that , while it remains a matter of individual judgment , the specific applications may be significantly different .
as tomkins and barker ( 1985 ) point out , the concept has not been enunciated in the public sector context and it may be that , while it [stays] a matter of individual judgment , the specific applications may be significantly different .

For example , non-compliance by local authorities remains common .
for example , non-compliance by local authorities [stays] common .

What remains true is that the responsibility for accounting standard-setting for companies is clear , as it is for the Government .
what [stays] true is that the responsibility for accounting standard-setting for companies is clear , as it is for the government .

Nevertheless , it remains true that , as under the business model , financing and refinancing of debt takes place outside the appropriation accounts ( which are the operating statements ) .
nevertheless , it [stays] true that , as under the business model , financing and refinancing of debt takes place outside the appropriation accounts ( which are the operating statements ) .

As long as the balanced budget requirement remains , the accounting remains bound up with the financing .
as long as the balanced budget requirement [stays] , the accounting [stays] bound up with the financing .

For all that we might say about the relevance of performance indicators in financial reporting , a fundamental and seemingly intractable problem remains : performance can not be judged in terms of output alone , economy , efficiency and effectiveness must be judged together .
for all that we might say about the relevance of performance indicators in financial reporting , a fundamental and seemingly intractable problem [stays] : performance can not be judged in terms of output alone , economy , efficiency and effectiveness must be judged together .

In 1964 , judo became an Olympic sport , and remains the only martial art in the games .
in 1964 , judo became an olympic sport , and [stays] the only martial art in the games .

He remains quiet within himself , but he is difficult to overcome , because of the circular energy that surrounds him .
he [stays] quiet within himself , but he is difficult to overcome , because of the circular energy that surrounds him .

The less energy spent in defending , the more strength remains to attack and defeat the enemy .
the less energy spent in defending , the more strength [stays] to attack and defeat the enemy .

His other hand remains in the traditional ready stance , fist clenched , resting by the hip .
his other hand [stays] in the traditional ready stance , fist clenched , resting by the hip .

They review graphical , written and oral sources , statistical sources and series , and non-documentary sources and clearly demonstrate the amount of scope which remains for the use of such sources .
they review graphical , written and oral sources , statistical sources and series , and non-documentary sources and clearly demonstrate the amount of scope which [stays] for the use of such sources .

The conclusion of Wilson ( 1981 ) that a considerable amount of scope remains for the further empirical development of environmental systems is certainly exemplified by physical geography .
the conclusion of wilson ( 1981 ) that a considerable amount of scope [stays] for the further empirical development of environmental systems is certainly exemplified by physical geography .

‘ That remains to be seen .
‘ that [stays] to be seen .

Neutralisation has an established legal pedigree and in contemporary conditions it remains a possible political formula to resolve or dampen down certain regional conflicts or to stabilise regional conditions which otherwise could escalate into a superpower confrontation .
neutralisation has an established legal pedigree and in contemporary conditions it [stays] a possible political formula to resolve or dampen down certain regional conflicts or to stabilise regional conditions which otherwise could escalate into a superpower confrontation .

But Moscow remains unwilling to depart from the Vietnamese conception of a settlement .
but moscow [stays] unwilling to depart from the vietnamese conception of a settlement .

This is , admittedly , one of their important duties , but their capacity for pianissimo delivery is very great , and the essential nobility of the trombone tone remains unchanged at all dynamic degrees .
this is , admittedly , one of their important duties , but their capacity for pianissimo delivery is very great , and the essential nobility of the trombone tone [stays] unchanged at all dynamic degrees .

While the specification of the string , woodwind , and brass departments of the orchestra remains relatively well established , the percussion section keeps adding new sounds and instruments to its constitution .
while the specification of the string , woodwind , and brass departments of the orchestra [stays] relatively well established , the percussion section keeps adding new sounds and instruments to its constitution .

One final point which remains uncertain is the manner in which the bars are built up above sea level .
one final point which [stays] uncertain is the manner in which the bars are built up above sea level .

Whether mechanical disintegration is regarded as acting alone or always or usually in conjunction with some chemical weathering , the fact remains that it appears to play a large part in desert weathering and is responsible for the predominance of angular broken waste material in deserts .
whether mechanical disintegration is regarded as acting alone or always or usually in conjunction with some chemical weathering , the fact [stays] that it appears to play a large part in desert weathering and is responsible for the predominance of angular broken waste material in deserts .

From first principles it might be deduced that the amount of erosion will increase with increasing precipitation , provided that the surface remains bare , but that this will ultimately be reversed by the development of vegetation which will protect the surface from increasing erosion with increasing rainfall .
from first principles it might be deduced that the amount of erosion will increase with increasing precipitation , provided that the surface [stays] bare , but that this will ultimately be reversed by the development of vegetation which will protect the surface from increasing erosion with increasing rainfall .

We have already discussed these fully in the previous pages , and it remains only for us to point out that contrapuntal forms must be used with an-overall formal design in mind .
we have already discussed these fully in the previous pages , and it [stays] only for us to point out that contrapuntal forms must be used with an-overall formal design in mind .

Finally , the Course remains an extremely popular option for applicants to an extremely popular Polytechnic .
finally , the course [stays] an extremely popular option for applicants to an extremely popular polytechnic .

It remains true that all of the major parameters of Course regulations and management remain today as they were established by David Mobbs ; all that has changed is the values given to certain parts of the equation .
it [stays] true that all of the major parameters of course regulations and management remain today as they were established by david mobbs ; all that has changed is the values given to certain parts of the equation .

It remains true that only teaching staff are expected to be routinely exposed to both bottom-up evaluation and top-down development .
it [stays] true that only teaching staff are expected to be routinely exposed to both bottom-up evaluation and top-down development .

But although they had vanished by the late 1950s , together with beggars from most European stations , the importunate begging hand thrust through the window of the railway carriage remains common throughout much of the Third World .
but although they had vanished by the late 1950s , together with beggars from most european stations , the importunate begging hand thrust through the window of the railway carriage [stays] common throughout much of the third world .

Of course , the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 is designed to extend the types of people who may offer at least certain firms of legal services , but it remains to be seen whether this will make a dramatic difference by demystifying the provision of advice .
of course , the courts and legal services act 1990 is designed to extend the types of people who may offer at least certain firms of legal services , but it [stays] to be seen whether this will make a dramatic difference by demystifying the provision of advice .

The barriers are clear enough , what remains unclear is why some people are able to surmount them when others fail miserably .
the barriers are clear enough , what [stays] unclear is why some people are able to surmount them when others fail miserably .

This relaxation of attitude has led to a significant increase in the annual amount paid out of the fund to the successful unassisted parties , but it still remains perilous to be sued by an assisted person .
this relaxation of attitude has led to a significant increase in the annual amount paid out of the fund to the successful unassisted parties , but it still [stays] perilous to be sued by an assisted person .

The remains of their meal were scattered around them , and some paper sheets that were tugged by the slight breeze off the sea .
the [stays] of their meal were scattered around them , and some paper sheets that were tugged by the slight breeze off the sea .

The flow of knowledge and information remains very one-sided .
the flow of knowledge and information [stays] very one-sided .

Thus , whilst the similarity of the inert-gas graph for meteorites to those of the planets in Figure 5.2 certainly supports the view that those inert gases were acquired during accretion , it remains possible that the dominant volatiles were acquired by the capture of volatile-rich bodies after accretion .
thus , whilst the similarity of the inert-gas graph for meteorites to those of the planets in figure 5.2 certainly supports the view that those inert gases were acquired during accretion , it [stays] possible that the dominant volatiles were acquired by the capture of volatile-rich bodies after accretion .

However , it remains an open question whether the dust continues beyond about 100 metres , becoming fully compacted rock at 10 to 20 km , or whether it gives way to broken rock somewhere not far beyond 100 metres depth .
however , it [stays] an open question whether the dust continues beyond about 100 metres , becoming fully compacted rock at 10 to 20 km , or whether it gives way to broken rock somewhere not far beyond 100 metres depth .

The smaller the crater diameter the more numerous the craters , and this remains the case when secondary craters , which are smaller than their primaries , are excluded .
the smaller the crater diameter the more numerous the craters , and this [stays] the case when secondary craters , which are smaller than their primaries , are excluded .

It remains to be demonstrated that this theory can overcome such difficulties .
it [stays] to be demonstrated that this theory can overcome such difficulties .

After the move , the level of assistance from staff remains low but there are much higher levels of neutral contact .
after the move , the level of assistance from staff [stays] low but there are much higher levels of neutral contact .

Second it can be argued that the relationship between community care plans and local authorities ' practice is not straightforward , but remains to be evaluated .
second it can be argued that the relationship between community care plans and local authorities ' practice is not straightforward , but [stays] to be evaluated .

How care management and care programming are integrated remains to be seen , and it seemed reasonable to look to the community care plans for local authority policies on the question .
how care management and care programming are integrated [stays] to be seen , and it seemed reasonable to look to the community care plans for local authority policies on the question .

The manner of integration remains to be seen in practice when the two modes of working are operating fully but there seem to be at least three possible strategies .
the manner of integration [stays] to be seen in practice when the two modes of working are operating fully but there seem to be at least three possible strategies .

Its real efficacy can only be tested over time and it remains to be seen if clozapine is a major advance , or whether the wide spectrum of response originally found with chlorpromazine , from full recovery to no response , is merely replicated , with a general shift a bit further in the desired direction .
its real efficacy can only be tested over time and it [stays] to be seen if clozapine is a major advance , or whether the wide spectrum of response originally found with chlorpromazine , from full recovery to no response , is merely replicated , with a general shift a bit further in the desired direction .

Sadly , this remains a tentative part of Payne 's argument , it is neither elaborated or supported by example .
sadly , this [stays] a tentative part of payne 's argument , it is neither elaborated or supported by example .

The authors conclude that the ‘ self ’ ( personal identity ) remains intact despite severe deterioration in other functions and , importantly , this ‘ self ’ is manifest in late stages of the disease ; further , that the loss of any of an individual 's ‘ selves ’ ‘ is not directly linked to the progress of the disease ’ .
the authors conclude that the ‘ self ’ ( personal identity ) [stays] intact despite severe deterioration in other functions and , importantly , this ‘ self ’ is manifest in late stages of the disease ; further , that the loss of any of an individual 's ‘ selves ’ ‘ is not directly linked to the progress of the disease ’ .

For all its faults the classic welfare state , modified where needed , remains one of the most effective ways of ensuring that the essential needs of citizens are met .
for all its faults the classic welfare state , modified where needed , [stays] one of the most effective ways of ensuring that the essential needs of citizens are met .

There remains the question of how to approach national legislation in the light of relevant Community directives .
there [stays] the question of how to approach national legislation in the light of relevant community directives .

How far this principle is to be carried remains to be worked out .
how far this principle is to be carried [stays] to be worked out .

The present author remains of the opinion that most of the Social policy protocol may be achieved under existing treaty provisions , whether specific or general , and the scope of the general provisions will be considered in the next section of this article .
the present author [stays] of the opinion that most of the social policy protocol may be achieved under existing treaty provisions , whether specific or general , and the scope of the general provisions will be considered in the next section of this article .

It is then printed and on publication goes to the House of Lords either for information ( in which case the scrutiny reserve is lifted forthwith ) or for debate ( when the reserve remains until the debate takes place ) .
it is then printed and on publication goes to the house of lords either for information ( in which case the scrutiny reserve is lifted forthwith ) or for debate ( when the reserve [stays] until the debate takes place ) .

’ On the agent 's reading of the evidence , ‘ there remains the possibility that no luggage was transferred from Air Malta 180 to Pan Am 103 and that a piece of luggage was simply introduced at Coding Station 206 [ author 's italics ] .
’ on the agent 's reading of the evidence , ‘ there [stays] the possibility that no luggage was transferred from air malta 180 to pan am 103 and that a piece of luggage was simply introduced at coding station 206 [ author 's italics ] .

But that remains an annual event , with the sixth one coming up this August bank holiday .
but that [stays] an annual event , with the sixth one coming up this august bank holiday .

Without a check and with no escapement , the hammer remains between its rest position and the string until the key is released .
without a check and with no escapement , the hammer [stays] between its rest position and the string until the key is released .

In the action c , f the Verona piano , the escapement lever pulls down the hammer beak while the hammer pivot remains stationary .
in the action c , f the verona piano , the escapement lever pulls down the hammer beak while the hammer pivot [stays] stationary .

But the fact that Johann Heinrich Silbermann omitted the check in his action remains intriguing .
but the fact that johann heinrich silbermann omitted the check in his action [stays] intriguing .

But a great deal about opera management remains shadowy and inconclusive , and even this highly detailed study is unable to come up with a complete financial statement for the season .
but a great deal about opera management [stays] shadowy and inconclusive , and even this highly detailed study is unable to come up with a complete financial statement for the season .

The risk remains , although it decreases where the relationship is further removed .
the risk [stays] , although it decreases where the relationship is further removed .

Moreover , the stranger disappears , but the husband remains , as does the fear that he will do it again .
moreover , the stranger disappears , but the husband [stays] , as does the fear that he will do it again .

The question remains whether English and Scottish law are as different as they seem .
the question [stays] whether english and scottish law are as different as they seem .

Thus , with certain limited exceptions , rape remains essentially a crime involving violence or the threat of it .
thus , with certain limited exceptions , rape [stays] essentially a crime involving violence or the threat of it .

The prosecution rate for unlawful sexual intercourse with a girl under 16 remains very low as compared with other heterosexual offences .
the prosecution rate for unlawful sexual intercourse with a girl under 16 [stays] very low as compared with other heterosexual offences .

This second hypothetical offender remains in the 14 year bracket .
this second hypothetical offender [stays] in the 14 year bracket .

Research into the operation of the new law suggests that so far as judges , prosecutors and defence counsel are concerned , consent remains an important issue .
research into the operation of the new law suggests that so far as judges , prosecutors and defence counsel are concerned , consent [stays] an important issue .

God knows , the threat of a changed will is a hoary old chestnut as a motive for murder but it remains a perfectly good one .
god knows , the threat of a changed will is a hoary old chestnut as a motive for murder but it [stays] a perfectly good one .

Probably something that had been generally agreed over the remains of the first person that had dared to call him Rosie .
probably something that had been generally agreed over the [stays] of the first person that had dared to call him rosie .

Noah did all that God commanded him Obedience remains central to our faith .
noah did all that god commanded him obedience [stays] central to our faith .

But Rotherham wo n't be making it five wins in a row . To ensure the quiz remains the most popular competition in the Institute 's calendar , they have been asked to sit out next year and devise the questions instead !
but rotherham wo n't be making it five wins in a row . to ensure the quiz [stays] the most popular competition in the institute 's calendar , they have been asked to sit out next year and devise the questions instead !

We may never know why the Board felt the original English version needed to be translated , but the much more important question remains .
we may never know why the board felt the original english version needed to be translated , but the much more important question [stays] .

The remains of Colinton Castle built in 16th and 17th centuries including the fine dovecot can still be seen in the grounds of Merchiston Castle School .
the [stays] of colinton castle built in 16th and 17th centuries including the fine dovecot can still be seen in the grounds of merchiston castle school .

Paragraph 6.15 of the Policy Issues Paper indicates that this principle requires minerals planning to ensure that ‘ the net quality of environments affected by the extraction of aggregates remains constant or improves over time ’ .
paragraph 6.15 of the policy issues paper indicates that this principle requires minerals planning to ensure that ‘ the net quality of environments affected by the extraction of aggregates [stays] constant or improves over time ’ .

Paragraph 6.15 of the Policy Issues Paper indicates that this principle requires minerals planning to ensure that ‘ the net quality of environments affected by the extraction of aggregates remains constant or improves over time ’ .
paragraph 6.15 of the policy issues paper indicates that this principle requires minerals planning to ensure that ‘ the net quality of environments affected by the extraction of aggregates [stays] constant or improves over time ’ .

We are looking forward to ever-increasing production from our huge investments in the past few years and therefore , even if the oil price remains flat , to ever-increasing cash flow .
we are looking forward to ever-increasing production from our huge investments in the past few years and therefore , even if the oil price [stays] flat , to ever-increasing cash flow .

But , away from the materialism , it remains for Italians a true family occasion .
but , away from the materialism , it [stays] for italians a true family occasion .

In the unlikely event that the matter remains unresolved after taking these steps , you can apply to the Banking Ombudsman for arbitration . The Royal Bank of Scotland is a member of the Banking Ombudsman Scheme and any correspondence should be addressed to :
in the unlikely event that the matter [stays] unresolved after taking these steps , you can apply to the banking ombudsman for arbitration . the royal bank of scotland is a member of the banking ombudsman scheme and any correspondence should be addressed to :

The ban remains in place on 410 Welsh farms , notably in Snowdonia .
the ban [stays] in place on 410 welsh farms , notably in snowdonia .

We are committed to ensuring that this reputation remains as sound tomorrow as it is today .
we are committed to ensuring that this reputation [stays] as sound tomorrow as it is today .

We take rigorous steps to ensure that our brands are not only produced to the highest specifications possible , but that the quality of our products remains consistently excellent — whatever the product and wherever it is brewed or sold .
we take rigorous steps to ensure that our brands are not only produced to the highest specifications possible , but that the quality of our products [stays] consistently excellent — whatever the product and wherever it is brewed or sold .

These do require a certain degree of inference , but it is clear that under some conditions such remains can suggest the name of a sponsor , the reason for sponsorship , and the presence of a respected craftsmen or group of craftsmen At Avenches — and probably at Bavay — in France , and at Seriana and Timgad in North Africa , the names of individual craftsmen are attested ( although , as is shown by the inscription from Timgad , even differing ideas of the practice in which the craftsman was involved are apparent ) .
these do require a certain degree of inference , but it is clear that under some conditions such [stays] can suggest the name of a sponsor , the reason for sponsorship , and the presence of a respected craftsmen or group of craftsmen at avenches — and probably at bavay — in france , and at seriana and timgad in north africa , the names of individual craftsmen are attested ( although , as is shown by the inscription from timgad , even differing ideas of the practice in which the craftsman was involved are apparent ) .

However , the evidence is nowhere as instructive as , for example , the potters ' stamps of second century , Gallic , Samian ware : for the organisation of style , consciousness of individual or specific style , or written marks indicative of one mosaicist 's work , the evidence remains slight and difficult to interpret .
however , the evidence is nowhere as instructive as , for example , the potters ' stamps of second century , gallic , samian ware : for the organisation of style , consciousness of individual or specific style , or written marks indicative of one mosaicist 's work , the evidence [stays] slight and difficult to interpret .

The former , which has the remains at least one mosaic , produced tesserae of lias and Painswick stone , both of which are found in local quarries .
the former , which has the [stays] at least one mosaic , produced tesserae of lias and painswick stone , both of which are found in local quarries .

The evidence remains very limited but , in room 7 , at Bignor , Sussex , ( pl .
the evidence [stays] very limited but , in room 7 , at bignor , sussex , ( pl .

157 , in Crummy ( 1984 ) , and this remains in a fragmentary condition .
157 , in crummy ( 1984 ) , and this [stays] in a fragmentary condition .

The fragmentary remains from Eccles have been interpreted as the figures of two gladiators , although , in light of the subjects of other figural designs in Britain ( see below ) , this might also have been a hunting scene ( or could have been of figures other than gladiators ; see the drawing of Cupids as gladiators : pI .
the fragmentary [stays] from eccles have been interpreted as the figures of two gladiators , although , in light of the subjects of other figural designs in britain ( see below ) , this might also have been a hunting scene ( or could have been of figures other than gladiators ; see the drawing of cupids as gladiators : pi .

However , it remains true to say that there is only one scenic mosaic in the east before c- .
however , it [stays] true to say that there is only one scenic mosaic in the east before c- .

Mosaic 6 , Verulamium , preserves the remains of four , full eight-lozenge stars .
mosaic 6 , verulamium , preserves the [stays] of four , full eight-lozenge stars .

It remains another convincing saltire design , bordered by elaborate chain-guilloche : a mosaic which must have been the work of at least one craftsman who had experience at Verulamium and Colchester .
it [stays] another convincing saltire design , bordered by elaborate chain-guilloche : a mosaic which must have been the work of at least one craftsman who had experience at verulamium and colchester .

Work of such quality remains a rarity in Roman Britain.10 The eyes and the cheeks are exceptionally well rendered , recalling the treatment of the legs of the Cupids .
work of such quality [stays] a rarity in roman britain.10 the eyes and the cheeks are exceptionally well rendered , recalling the treatment of the legs of the cupids .

Whether or not this is the same craftsman who was responsible for much ( if not all ) of the work in the Blackfriars mosaic , remains unclear .
whether or not this is the same craftsman who was responsible for much ( if not all ) of the work in the blackfriars mosaic , [stays] unclear .

Dating remains problematical and even if the implications of the four types are significant , the following insights into chronology are noteworthy .
dating [stays] problematical and even if the implications of the four types are significant , the following insights into chronology are noteworthy .

The latter pavement , from North Leigh , remains only in a sketch by Hakewill .
the latter pavement , from north leigh , [stays] only in a sketch by hakewill .

If such an exclusion of the Withington mosaic is accepted , It still remains a matter of conjecture as to which of the three closely related mosaics was earliest .
if such an exclusion of the withington mosaic is accepted , it still [stays] a matter of conjecture as to which of the three closely related mosaics was earliest .

On this occasion the urn has two short sprays which terminate in single leaves , yet , stylistically , it remains similar to that of the Ashcroft House mosaic .
on this occasion the urn has two short sprays which terminate in single leaves , yet , stylistically , it [stays] similar to that of the ashcroft house mosaic .

73 ) ; and of the fragmentary remains from Wiggington , Oxon .
73 ) ; and of the fragmentary [stays] from wiggington , oxon .

Individual sites , meanwhile , appear to show very little stylistic diversity between their mosaic remains : each pavement is usually relatable to a specific instance of unitary affinity , which in turn suggests the existence of many , small , relatively independent workshops .
individual sites , meanwhile , appear to show very little stylistic diversity between their mosaic [stays] : each pavement is usually relatable to a specific instance of unitary affinity , which in turn suggests the existence of many , small , relatively independent workshops .

Thirty-one mosaics are listed below which together account for almost all significant remains of fourth century mosaic in the north east .
thirty-one mosaics are listed below which together account for almost all significant [stays] of fourth century mosaic in the north east .

; provide remains of only one significant mosaic .
; provide [stays] of only one significant mosaic .

In his reconstruction , Neal envisages a large central roundel connected to the outer octagon by eight short spokes , although the exact configuration of the centre of this mosaic remains conjectural .
in his reconstruction , neal envisages a large central roundel connected to the outer octagon by eight short spokes , although the exact configuration of the centre of this mosaic [stays] conjectural .

Yet it remains one of the most fondly remembered lines in the annals of Advertising .
yet it [stays] one of the most fondly remembered lines in the annals of advertising .

Once produced , nitrous oxide remains in the atmosphere for about 150 years .
once produced , nitrous oxide [stays] in the atmosphere for about 150 years .

From what we now know about the nature of meaning , a hybrid or modular account seems inescapable : there remains the hope that with two components , a semantics and a pragmatics working in tandem , each can be built on relatively homogeneous and systematic lines .
from what we now know about the nature of meaning , a hybrid or modular account seems inescapable : there [stays] the hope that with two components , a semantics and a pragmatics working in tandem , each can be built on relatively homogeneous and systematic lines .

The substantial gap that remains to be bridged between a semantic theory ( together with a syntactic and phonological theory ) and a complete theory of linguistic communication will be demonstrated throughout this book .
the substantial gap that [stays] to be bridged between a semantic theory ( together with a syntactic and phonological theory ) and a complete theory of linguistic communication will be demonstrated throughout this book .

What this approach makes especially clear is that while we might want to say that the meaning of ( 17 ) remains constant across different occasions of utterance , the proposition that it expresses if Joe Bloggs utters it is different from the one it picks out if Sue Bloggs utters it .
what this approach makes especially clear is that while we might want to say that the meaning of ( 17 ) [stays] constant across different occasions of utterance , the proposition that it expresses if joe bloggs utters it is different from the one it picks out if sue bloggs utters it .

Penicillin was not , however , effective against all forms of bacterial infection , and later work in Oxford led to the development , chemical analysis and widespread clinical use of cephalosporin , which was and still remains effective in treating illnesses caused by these other forms of bacteria .
penicillin was not , however , effective against all forms of bacterial infection , and later work in oxford led to the development , chemical analysis and widespread clinical use of cephalosporin , which was and still [stays] effective in treating illnesses caused by these other forms of bacteria .

Diabetes remains an important medical problem .
diabetes [stays] an important medical problem .

The University remains of the view , in common with many other institutions , that with changes in the school curricula on the one hand and the need for better preparation for graduate work ( notably in the European context ) on the other , it will need to extend some undergraduate courses from three to four years .
the university [stays] of the view , in common with many other institutions , that with changes in the school curricula on the one hand and the need for better preparation for graduate work ( notably in the european context ) on the other , it will need to extend some undergraduate courses from three to four years .

3.2 , most sites in the Science Area are now full , but one pocket remains for modest development , probably for the Biosciences .
3.2 , most sites in the science area are now full , but one pocket [stays] for modest development , probably for the biosciences .

Friends of the Earth are sceptical of the idea , arguing that improving energy efficiency remains the most effectuve method of combating global warming .
friends of the earth are sceptical of the idea , arguing that improving energy efficiency [stays] the most effectuve method of combating global warming .

The Canadian Arctic remains as challenging as it was in Rae 's time .
the canadian arctic [stays] as challenging as it was in rae 's time .

Before looking at the implications of this plethora of orbits , it remains to state that only a few of the homoclinic orbits known to occur in the Lorenz equations are displayed in Fig .
before looking at the implications of this plethora of orbits , it [stays] to state that only a few of the homoclinic orbits known to occur in the lorenz equations are displayed in fig .

of some of these studies , this process will be worth while as long as the study of chaotic ordinary differential equations remains the Pandora 's box it is today .
of some of these studies , this process will be worth while as long as the study of chaotic ordinary differential equations [stays] the pandora 's box it is today .

It only remains to guide the interested reader to some other , more measured , introductions to the Lorenz equations , not so far referred to in this chapter .
it only [stays] to guide the interested reader to some other , more measured , introductions to the lorenz equations , not so far referred to in this chapter .

It only remains for me to thank everyone who made this year both a pleasure and a challenge for me .
it only [stays] for me to thank everyone who made this year both a pleasure and a challenge for me .

The loophole for small-scale catches for `` scientific `` purposes remains open .
the loophole for small-scale catches for `` scientific `` purposes [stays] open .

Once water is removed from the animal matter ( about 60 per cent ) the dried remains burn easily , producing about two-thirds of the weight of coal .
once water is removed from the animal matter ( about 60 per cent ) the dried [stays] burn easily , producing about two-thirds of the weight of coal .

Czechoslovak nuclear plant remains open
czechoslovak nuclear plant [stays] open

If successful , full scale testing will commence next year , assuming that the price of crude oil remains at a high enough level to encourage research into alternatives .
if successful , full scale testing will commence next year , assuming that the price of crude oil [stays] at a high enough level to encourage research into alternatives .

The client remains closely involved in each stage of the investigation .
the client [stays] closely involved in each stage of the investigation .

The conceptual entity Mars is thus invoked into the active discourse model , and remains active throughout the whole of this relatively short text .
the conceptual entity mars is thus invoked into the active discourse model , and [stays] active throughout the whole of this relatively short text .

The tenant may then discover that an unforeseen delay for which it is not responsible results in revocation of the agreement and if clause 5.5.3 remains unamended the tenant will receive no compensation for works carried out prior to such termination .
the tenant may then discover that an unforeseen delay for which it is not responsible results in revocation of the agreement and if clause 5.5.3 [stays] unamended the tenant will receive no compensation for works carried out prior to such termination .

It may therefore be advisable to delete this proviso , but it is not disastrous if it remains .
it may therefore be advisable to delete this proviso , but it is not disastrous if it [stays] .

9.13 Tenant 's property If after the Tenant has vacated the Premises on the expiry of the Term any property of the Tenant remains in or on the Premises and the Tenant fails to remove it within [ 7 ] days after being requested in writing by the Landlord to do so or if after using [ its ] best endeavours the Landlord is unable to make such a request to the Tenant within [ 14 ] days from the first attempt so made by the Landlord :
9.13 tenant 's property if after the tenant has vacated the premises on the expiry of the term any property of the tenant [stays] in or on the premises and the tenant fails to remove it within [ 7 ] days after being requested in writing by the landlord to do so or if after using [ its ] best endeavours the landlord is unable to make such a request to the tenant within [ 14 ] days from the first attempt so made by the landlord :

It would appear that tenants are bound by the provisions of the Act and could therefore be affected adversely by it , but it remains to be seen as to whether a tenant in such a position could maintain an action against its landlord for breach of the landlord 's covenant for quiet enjoyment where there is no reservation of such a right of access in the tenant 's lease .
it would appear that tenants are bound by the provisions of the act and could therefore be affected adversely by it , but it [stays] to be seen as to whether a tenant in such a position could maintain an action against its landlord for breach of the landlord 's covenant for quiet enjoyment where there is no reservation of such a right of access in the tenant 's lease .

The distinction between the two categories of `` standard terms `` recognised in Schroeder v Macaulay remains valid .
the distinction between the two categories of `` standard terms `` recognised in schroeder v macaulay [stays] valid .

The significance of apportioning the price is particularly acute when it is on the stamp duty threshold , which at the time of writing remains at £30,000 .
the significance of apportioning the price is particularly acute when it is on the stamp duty threshold , which at the time of writing [stays] at £30,000 .

In non-residential transactions , the National Protocol will not be used , but it nevertheless remains important to obtain a clear schedule of fixtures and fittings included and excluded .
in non-residential transactions , the national protocol will not be used , but it nevertheless [stays] important to obtain a clear schedule of fixtures and fittings included and excluded .

Under the traditional system of conveyancing , the preliminary enquiry form remains in use .
under the traditional system of conveyancing , the preliminary enquiry form [stays] in use .

Even though the certificates have taken on a different appearance , their structure remains the same .
even though the certificates have taken on a different appearance , their structure [stays] the same .

The seller may seek to make the buyer liable to indemnify him or her in perpetuity , thereby placing the buyer in the same invidious position of the original lessee , who remains liable for the whole of the term of the lease to whomever it may have passed .
the seller may seek to make the buyer liable to indemnify him or her in perpetuity , thereby placing the buyer in the same invidious position of the original lessee , who [stays] liable for the whole of the term of the lease to whomever it may have passed .

( 4 ) The Bills of Sale Act 1878 will apply to genuine sale transactions so that a sale of goods evidenced in writing , by virtue of which the seller remains in possession , is void against execution creditors and trustees in bankruptcy unless it is registered in compliance with the Act ( Bills of Sale Act 1878 s8 ) .
( 4 ) the bills of sale act 1878 will apply to genuine sale transactions so that a sale of goods evidenced in writing , by virtue of which the seller [stays] in possession , is void against execution creditors and trustees in bankruptcy unless it is registered in compliance with the act ( bills of sale act 1878 s8 ) .

The question of whether a statement made during the course of negotiations remains a mere representation or becomes a contractual term , turns on the intention of the parties .
the question of whether a statement made during the course of negotiations [stays] a mere representation or becomes a contractual term , turns on the intention of the parties .

The implicature we can draw from it all is that Anderson 's enthusiasm for the topic overrides his concern for his positive face , but that the conflict between these two concerns remains , and is visible in the nervous flaws in his linguistic performance .
the implicature we can draw from it all is that anderson 's enthusiasm for the topic overrides his concern for his positive face , but that the conflict between these two concerns [stays] , and is visible in the nervous flaws in his linguistic performance .

In an area not covered by the rules , prima facie the common law remains unchanged .
in an area not covered by the rules , prima facie the common law [stays] unchanged .

Parental responsibility remains with the parents and is not acquired by the local authority .
parental responsibility [stays] with the parents and is not acquired by the local authority .

An application can be made in the original care proceedings or at any time while the child remains in care although there is a prohibition on repeat applications without leave within a six-month period ( s91 ( 17 ) and see below ) .
an application can be made in the original care proceedings or at any time while the child [stays] in care although there is a prohibition on repeat applications without leave within a six-month period ( s91 ( 17 ) and see below ) .

It still remains the case pace Freeman that a literary text like King Lear is not definitively explicable .
it still [stays] the case pace freeman that a literary text like king lear is not definitively explicable .

But even after that long-winded exercise , a considerable amount remains .
but even after that long-winded exercise , a considerable amount [stays] .

It is not binding on the courts , although it remains a treaty obligation for the Government to ensure that the law conforms with it .
it is not binding on the courts , although it [stays] a treaty obligation for the government to ensure that the law conforms with it .

Section 2 was further discredited by the jury acquittal of Clive Ponting , and it remains to be seen whether the 1989 Official Secrets Act fares any better at the hands of twelve good men and women and true .
section 2 was further discredited by the jury acquittal of clive ponting , and it [stays] to be seen whether the 1989 official secrets act fares any better at the hands of twelve good men and women and true .

However , the distinction still remains in certain areas , notably criminal libel ( see p77 ) , ex tempore statements at public meetings and noises of disapproval .
however , the distinction still [stays] in certain areas , notably criminal libel ( see p77 ) , ex tempore statements at public meetings and noises of disapproval .

If a person remains in ignorance of a publication until after the three year period has expired , he or she can start proceedings within a year of learning of it but the court 's permission is necessary .
if a person [stays] in ignorance of a publication until after the three year period has expired , he or she can start proceedings within a year of learning of it but the court 's permission is necessary .

When he spoke again , after one of the maids had cleared away the remains of the main course and brought in a magnificent charlotte russe , his manner had changed .
when he spoke again , after one of the maids had cleared away the [stays] of the main course and brought in a magnificent charlotte russe , his manner had changed .

But a question of integrity remains : whether leaving the abortion issue to individual states to decide differently if they wish is coherent in principle with the rest of the American constitutional scheme , which makes other important rights national in scope and enforcement .
but a question of integrity [stays] : whether leaving the abortion issue to individual states to decide differently if they wish is coherent in principle with the rest of the american constitutional scheme , which makes other important rights national in scope and enforcement .

Ronni knocked back the remains of her first glass and reached for another .
ronni knocked back the [stays] of her first glass and reached for another .

Thus , unless s83 above applies , a mortgaged property transferred from one spouse to another or into joint names will incur a charge to stamp duty unless it is clear that the transferor alone remains liable for the debt .
thus , unless s83 above applies , a mortgaged property transferred from one spouse to another or into joint names will incur a charge to stamp duty unless it is clear that the transferor alone [stays] liable for the debt .

If the new husband 's financial status is not acceptable to the mortgagee , so that the mortgagee is only prepared to agree to a conveyance of the property to the wife and new husband if the husband remains liable under the original mortgage , then it would seem reasonable for the husband to comply only with the terms of the court order or matrimonial agreement ( to which of course the new husband is not a party ) and not to convey/transfer to the wife and the new husband .
if the new husband 's financial status is not acceptable to the mortgagee , so that the mortgagee is only prepared to agree to a conveyance of the property to the wife and new husband if the husband [stays] liable under the original mortgage , then it would seem reasonable for the husband to comply only with the terms of the court order or matrimonial agreement ( to which of course the new husband is not a party ) and not to convey/transfer to the wife and the new husband .

Broken glass and china lay everywhere , littered across the torn remains of the carpet which had been ripped from the stairs .
broken glass and china lay everywhere , littered across the torn [stays] of the carpet which had been ripped from the stairs .

She looked round the hall , then bent to pick up the broken remains of a photo frame .
she looked round the hall , then bent to pick up the broken [stays] of a photo frame .

It was like a douse of cold water , cutting through the lingering remains of passion , and Fran gasped .
it was like a douse of cold water , cutting through the lingering [stays] of passion , and fran gasped .

Then , putting paid to any ideas he might have , she added , ‘ On condition that that is how it remains : a friendly environment purely for working purposes .
then , putting paid to any ideas he might have , she added , ‘ on condition that that is how it [stays] : a friendly environment purely for working purposes .

Whatever the load , the body remains level and the ride height is then set at one of the three positions :
whatever the load , the body [stays] level and the ride height is then set at one of the three positions :

Third , to deal with mineral workings where the working itself has ceased but the planning consent still remains outstanding .
third , to deal with mineral workings where the working itself has ceased but the planning consent still [stays] outstanding .

This remained a problem throughout the lifetime of the scheme , though the magnitude of the problem remains a matter of some controversy .
this remained a problem throughout the lifetime of the scheme , though the magnitude of the problem [stays] a matter of some controversy .

Nevertheless , speedy results can not be expected , since much research remains to be done .
nevertheless , speedy results can not be expected , since much research [stays] to be done .

To local residents of the outer city it remains their best form of protection against rapid change .
to local residents of the outer city it [stays] their best form of protection against rapid change .

The objective is to provide facilities for the investigation and recording of archaeological remains prior to development .
the objective is to provide facilities for the investigation and recording of archaeological [stays] prior to development .

Apparently a Spurs fan had complained the previous week 's 606 that the Leeds had applauded the removal of Nick Barmby 's remains from the pitch at White Hart Lane after a tackle by our Johnny Pemberton .
apparently a spurs fan had complained the previous week 's 606 that the leeds had applauded the removal of nick barmby 's [stays] from the pitch at white hart lane after a tackle by our johnny pemberton .

’ The infamous ‘ Who 's that lying on the runway ’ got an airing from some as well , and was followed by a quieter chorus of ‘ One David Mellor , there 's only … ’ The second line of the Deane song is indeed ‘ fergie 's in a sweat ’ , but the first line remains a mystery .
’ the infamous ‘ who 's that lying on the runway ’ got an airing from some as well , and was followed by a quieter chorus of ‘ one david mellor , there 's only … ’ the second line of the deane song is indeed ‘ fergie 's in a sweat ’ , but the first line [stays] a mystery .

The State grant remains the same , although in view of our rising reputation there are rumours it might be increased next year , especially if we make a success of the new production .
the state grant [stays] the same , although in view of our rising reputation there are rumours it might be increased next year , especially if we make a success of the new production .

Aschmann remains .
aschmann [stays] .

The answer to both these questions remains unresolved , but a good deal of informed speculation has been generated .
the answer to both these questions [stays] unresolved , but a good deal of informed speculation has been generated .

Tamsin remains poised by the set , ready to kill it .
tamsin [stays] poised by the set , ready to kill it .

If the price of crude oil remains high and volatile then this will impose severe strains on economies which are already under pressure .
if the price of crude oil [stays] high and volatile then this will impose severe strains on economies which are already under pressure .

Important details have been filled in by experiments in channel flow ; transition is promoted by a vibrating ribbon close to one wall whilst flow in the other half of the channel remains undisturbed , so there is close resemblance to a boundary layer .
important details have been filled in by experiments in channel flow ; transition is promoted by a vibrating ribbon close to one wall whilst flow in the other half of the channel [stays] undisturbed , so there is close resemblance to a boundary layer .

The previously amplifying solution may now become a decaying one ( whilst the previously decaying one always remains so ) .
the previously amplifying solution may now become a decaying one ( whilst the previously decaying one always [stays] so ) .

22.6 , the large polygonal features are permanent structures ; that is to say , once the flow has been established the polygonal pattern remains unchanging so long as the Rayleigh number is maintained constant , although the details of just where the polygons locate themselves will be different each time the experiment is performed .
22.6 , the large polygonal features are permanent structures ; that is to say , once the flow has been established the polygonal pattern [stays] unchanging so long as the rayleigh number is maintained constant , although the details of just where the polygons locate themselves will be different each time the experiment is performed .

Most of the works exhibited and Out of the Frame remains safely within it , both conceptually and literally .
most of the works exhibited and out of the frame [stays] safely within it , both conceptually and literally .

My ‘ SmileyPenis ’ mirror remains un-hung ( fnarr ) .
my ‘ smileypenis ’ mirror [stays] un-hung ( fnarr ) .

The facility still remains for them to be used should the government so choose .
the facility still [stays] for them to be used should the government so choose .

If the government buys back bonds from the Bank of England , the money is not released : it remains retired .
if the government buys back bonds from the bank of england , the money is not released : it [stays] retired .

The official line is that it remains Government policy never to comment on allegations of this nature .
the official line is that it [stays] government policy never to comment on allegations of this nature .

The tourist can carry it home much more conveniently ; and the crocodile remains to be used another day .
the tourist can carry it home much more conveniently ; and the crocodile [stays] to be used another day .

Klaus Kuck remains Finance Director .
klaus kuck [stays] finance director .

Although the positioning of players seems wrong and choice of instruments has presumably been dictated by the need for variety in a tiny space ( the original is quite small ) much remains plausible .
although the positioning of players seems wrong and choice of instruments has presumably been dictated by the need for variety in a tiny space ( the original is quite small ) much [stays] plausible .

The relationship which identifies Louis as Martin 's brother-in-law remains unclear .
the relationship which identifies louis as martin 's brother-in-law [stays] unclear .

Unfortunately the Oeuvres complètes remains the most easily accessible full-score edition of most of his operas .
unfortunately the oeuvres complètes [stays] the most easily accessible full-score edition of most of his operas .

This approach gives primacy to facts , to evidence and to sources , so that the line between knowledge and speculation remains clear : it values imagination but tends to marginalize whatever seems fanciful or eccentric ; it is deeply wary of any popularizing impulse while remaining committed to the broadest possible dissemination of its characteristic ideas and enthusiasms .
this approach gives primacy to facts , to evidence and to sources , so that the line between knowledge and speculation [stays] clear : it values imagination but tends to marginalize whatever seems fanciful or eccentric ; it is deeply wary of any popularizing impulse while remaining committed to the broadest possible dissemination of its characteristic ideas and enthusiasms .

And there remains a two-way tie at the top of the Second Division , Queen of the South and Meadowbank Thistle up there after their draw last week .
and there [stays] a two-way tie at the top of the second division , queen of the south and meadowbank thistle up there after their draw last week .

So you can carve up the remains and sell them off to the highest bidders ?
so you can carve up the [stays] and sell them off to the highest bidders ?

Withdrawing the needle , Sophie said , ‘ It remains to be seen how he takes the shock .
withdrawing the needle , sophie said , ‘ it [stays] to be seen how he takes the shock .

Round the back , in the patio by the pool , a table was set with the remains of lunch .
round the back , in the patio by the pool , a table was set with the [stays] of lunch .

The fridge was stocked with salad greens , several kinds of cheese , bacon , eggs , the remains of a cooked ham .
the fridge was stocked with salad greens , several kinds of cheese , bacon , eggs , the [stays] of a cooked ham .

The remains of a sandwich lunch were on the side table .
the [stays] of a sandwich lunch were on the side table .

She handed him the cup and he swallowed the remains with a gulp .
she handed him the cup and he swallowed the [stays] with a gulp .

She packed up the remains of the bread and cheese they had had for supper , and then watched as he clipped poles together and hammered in pegs ; within minutes the flimsy little structure was up and ready .
she packed up the [stays] of the bread and cheese they had had for supper , and then watched as he clipped poles together and hammered in pegs ; within minutes the flimsy little structure was up and ready .

She went inside for her briefcase and Steve gave her a thoughtful look as she passed him and then polished off the remains of his champagne in one gulp .
she went inside for her briefcase and steve gave her a thoughtful look as she passed him and then polished off the [stays] of his champagne in one gulp .

‘ Or a playroom , ’ she suggested , wiping remains of caramel custard from around Thomas 's mouth .
‘ or a playroom , ’ she suggested , wiping [stays] of caramel custard from around thomas 's mouth .

‘ You 're suggesting that our son remains a bastard ? ’ Vitor demanded .
‘ you 're suggesting that our son [stays] a bastard ? ’ vitor demanded .

’ Ashley enquired pertly when he put away the remains of the bar and rested back his head .
’ ashley enquired pertly when he put away the [stays] of the bar and rested back his head .

The precise relationship between the Main Central Thrust and the intense metamorphism of the Central Gneiss Zone of the Higher Himalayas remains somewhat uncertain .
the precise relationship between the main central thrust and the intense metamorphism of the central gneiss zone of the higher himalayas [stays] somewhat uncertain .

This may be a technical interface which remains the same across several systems , or a common approach in indexing and use of terms .
this may be a technical interface which [stays] the same across several systems , or a common approach in indexing and use of terms .

Historical content remains the principal staple of their diet .
historical content [stays] the principal staple of their diet .

Occasionally users still require their data on magnetic tape and so this facility remains available .
occasionally users still require their data on magnetic tape and so this facility [stays] available .

The interpretation of what remains as historical evidence is after all fundamental to the historians craft , but the deliberate preservation of historical source materials in the absence of context ( or worse still the failure to preserve them at all ) surely does little justice to the society in which we live .
the interpretation of what [stays] as historical evidence is after all fundamental to the historians craft , but the deliberate preservation of historical source materials in the absence of context ( or worse still the failure to preserve them at all ) surely does little justice to the society in which we live .

Even in a perfectly competitive economy — the state of affairs normally regarded as most amenable to neoclassical modes of analysis — the real wage rate will remain unchanged for as long as the level of output remains unchanged ; and output will remain unchanged for as long as the level of desired real expenditure remains unchanged .
even in a perfectly competitive economy — the state of affairs normally regarded as most amenable to neoclassical modes of analysis — the real wage rate will remain unchanged for as long as the level of output [stays] unchanged ; and output will remain unchanged for as long as the level of desired real expenditure [stays] unchanged .

For as long as the marginal disutility of inflation remains positive , there will eventually come a point at which the government will be compelled to pursue policies which will push the unemployment rate back towards its natural value .
for as long as the marginal disutility of inflation [stays] positive , there will eventually come a point at which the government will be compelled to pursue policies which will push the unemployment rate back towards its natural value .

( How agents perform this prodigious feat of mimicry without actually using some form of the correct model remains decidedly mysterious to this author . )
( how agents perform this prodigious feat of mimicry without actually using some form of the correct model [stays] decidedly mysterious to this author . )

As soon as practicable after the pre-trial review , if the action or matter still remains to be heard , the court fixes a date for hearing and gives notice to all parties ( Ord 17 , r 9 ) .
as soon as practicable after the pre-trial review , if the action or matter still [stays] to be heard , the court fixes a date for hearing and gives notice to all parties ( ord 17 , r 9 ) .

In the county courts discovery in personal injury cases remains mutual but in running-down cases or cases where liability is admitted , discovery is limited to documents relating to the amount of damages , and so in practice the defendant , unless the employer , is unlikely to have any documents to disclose .
in the county courts discovery in personal injury cases [stays] mutual but in running-down cases or cases where liability is admitted , discovery is limited to documents relating to the amount of damages , and so in practice the defendant , unless the employer , is unlikely to have any documents to disclose .

This remains good practice although an affidavit which failed to do so would not be defective .
this [stays] good practice although an affidavit which failed to do so would not be defective .

The principle remains the same , however , which is that the trial judge must itemise the award of damages and the appropriate rates and periods for interest .
the principle [stays] the same , however , which is that the trial judge must itemise the award of damages and the appropriate rates and periods for interest .

The theory is that such sub-contracting should not concern the buyer , because the seller still remains liable to him for the discharge of the main contract in accordance with its terms .
the theory is that such sub-contracting should not concern the buyer , because the seller still [stays] liable to him for the discharge of the main contract in accordance with its terms .

There still remains the primary need for all agreements , however limited in scope , which affect the partners to be set down clearly and exhaustively in writing to avoid subsequent dispute : such writing may range from the proper minutes of a partners ' meeting to a separate manual describing a firm 's management process as a guide , in the largest firms , to enable every partner and every employee to identify the person responsible for any particular aspect of the firm 's administration .
there still [stays] the primary need for all agreements , however limited in scope , which affect the partners to be set down clearly and exhaustively in writing to avoid subsequent dispute : such writing may range from the proper minutes of a partners ' meeting to a separate manual describing a firm 's management process as a guide , in the largest firms , to enable every partner and every employee to identify the person responsible for any particular aspect of the firm 's administration .

In many firms there will be no room for dispute as to who should fill the position and for how long , ie the most experienced member of the partnership for as long as he remains hale and hearty .
in many firms there will be no room for dispute as to who should fill the position and for how long , ie the most experienced member of the partnership for as long as he [stays] hale and hearty .

It will try to leave as much of the restriction as is reasonable in force , but that will only be the result if what remains after deletion of the void provisions can stand alone as a coherent , meaningful agreement : all too often the several restraints are jumbled and effectively unseverable , so that the whole fails .
it will try to leave as much of the restriction as is reasonable in force , but that will only be the result if what [stays] after deletion of the void provisions can stand alone as a coherent , meaningful agreement : all too often the several restraints are jumbled and effectively unseverable , so that the whole fails .

The question remains whether an expert should be liable to a party for damages for the consequences of procedural unfairness .
the question [stays] whether an expert should be liable to a party for damages for the consequences of procedural unfairness .

It is well known that an original tenant remains liable on the covenants in the lease , even after an assignment .
it is well known that an original tenant [stays] liable on the covenants in the lease , even after an assignment .

From the point of view of the landlord , the income payable by the headtenant remains secured by the income payable by the subtenants .
from the point of view of the landlord , the income payable by the headtenant [stays] secured by the income payable by the subtenants .

Following the Tustain decision both limbs of this test are satisfied before the institutions invest , and it is no longer necessary to show that Newco remains close after it has actually acquired the business and commenced trading .
following the tustain decision both limbs of this test are satisfied before the institutions invest , and it is no longer necessary to show that newco [stays] close after it has actually acquired the business and commenced trading .

They can also perform a limited corporate finance function , and provide a mechanism for marketing shares in an unquoted company ( Newco ) , where otherwise the benefit to an employee of holding shares is somewhat illusory , in that he can not realise his shares for cash , unless he remains a shareholder of the company and ( usually ) an employee or director , until there is a sale of Newco or it obtains a listing .
they can also perform a limited corporate finance function , and provide a mechanism for marketing shares in an unquoted company ( newco ) , where otherwise the benefit to an employee of holding shares is somewhat illusory , in that he can not realise his shares for cash , unless he [stays] a shareholder of the company and ( usually ) an employee or director , until there is a sale of newco or it obtains a listing .

While Newco remains an investment company ( and to do so it must receive income , other than payments for group relief ) it can carry forward any excess interest which is not surrendered to Target against its future income .
while newco [stays] an investment company ( and to do so it must receive income , other than payments for group relief ) it can carry forward any excess interest which is not surrendered to target against its future income .

This agency arrangement will terminate after a defined period of time , at which point Newco will be required to buy the uncollected trade debts for the amount of the interest-free loan which remains outstanding .
this agency arrangement will terminate after a defined period of time , at which point newco will be required to buy the uncollected trade debts for the amount of the interest-free loan which [stays] outstanding .

Furthermore , if Newco remains a holding company of Target , the group relief funding arrangements described in 5.2.5 will be necessary , and can prove inflexible .
furthermore , if newco [stays] a holding company of target , the group relief funding arrangements described in 5.2.5 will be necessary , and can prove inflexible .

This year , the remains of surface pools are drying up fast . ``
this year , the [stays] of surface pools are drying up fast . ``

But Greenpeace insist that only a small percentage of the fish caught by the seals are of interest to the fishermen , and that over-fishing remains the main threat to North Sea fish stocks .
but greenpeace insist that only a small percentage of the fish caught by the seals are of interest to the fishermen , and that over-fishing [stays] the main threat to north sea fish stocks .

Only 113.4 million ecu remains for proposed projects over the next two years .
only 113.4 million ecu [stays] for proposed projects over the next two years .

Donzel remains on the party 's national bureau , however , and is opposed to any moves toward union with France 's other Green party , Les Verts .
donzel [stays] on the party 's national bureau , however , and is opposed to any moves toward union with france 's other green party , les verts .

The Congolese rainforest forms part of a swathe of jungle in West Africa , much of which remains relatively untouched , although under increasing pressure from logging , settlement and mineral exploitation .
the congolese rainforest forms part of a swathe of jungle in west africa , much of which [stays] relatively untouched , although under increasing pressure from logging , settlement and mineral exploitation .

The exact cost , and hence the viability , of the energy source remains to be determined , though it is projected to be about 10 pence a unit , five times the existing price of coal but only twice the cost of nuclear power .
the exact cost , and hence the viability , of the energy source [stays] to be determined , though it is projected to be about 10 pence a unit , five times the existing price of coal but only twice the cost of nuclear power .

Observers noted that , four years after then Energy Secretary James Watkins pledged to change the `` culture `` of nuclear weapons plants to tackle admitted safety problems , the system remains flawed .
observers noted that , four years after then energy secretary james watkins pledged to change the `` culture `` of nuclear weapons plants to tackle admitted safety problems , the system [stays] flawed .

Environment Secretary Michael Howard commented : `` The government remains determined that contamination does not give rise to unacceptable risks to health and safety , to groundwater and the environment . ``
environment secretary michael howard commented : `` the government [stays] determined that contamination does not give rise to unacceptable risks to health and safety , to groundwater and the environment . ``

The authors stress that their proposal , based on computer simulations , remains `` sensitive to many assumptions `` , that `` serious uncertainties remain `` , and that many practical difficulties would have to be overcome .
the authors stress that their proposal , based on computer simulations , [stays] `` sensitive to many assumptions `` , that `` serious uncertainties remain `` , and that many practical difficulties would have to be overcome .

The government is to introduce tough penalties for arsonists and has promised to institute a land registry , but the forestry service remains desperately under-staffed .
the government is to introduce tough penalties for arsonists and has promised to institute a land registry , but the forestry service [stays] desperately under-staffed .

The worldwide picture for tribal people remains grim .
the worldwide picture for tribal people [stays] grim .

Illegal tropical timber trade remains strong
illegal tropical timber trade [stays] strong

Only 14 per cent of the Philippines tropical forest remains untouched and 100,000 hectares is disappearing every year .
only 14 per cent of the philippines tropical forest [stays] untouched and 100,000 hectares is disappearing every year .

Researchers at the National Grid Company 's technology and science division have developed a way of destroying the PCBs while the transformer remains in operation .
researchers at the national grid company 's technology and science division have developed a way of destroying the pcbs while the transformer [stays] in operation .

This contains nuclear weapons , but is believed by Norway not to present a threat to the environment as long as it remains on the seabed and does not break up .
this contains nuclear weapons , but is believed by norway not to present a threat to the environment as long as it [stays] on the seabed and does not break up .

The success of a programme of captive-breeding for Brazilian capuchin monkeys has been diluted by the fact that hardly any of the primate 's natural habitat remains .
the success of a programme of captive-breeding for brazilian capuchin monkeys has been diluted by the fact that hardly any of the primate 's natural habitat [stays] .

* French television has broadcast a film taken by a Russian reactor inspector showing radioactive leaks in the sarcophagus built over the remains of the damaged reactor .
* french television has broadcast a film taken by a russian reactor inspector showing radioactive leaks in the sarcophagus built over the [stays] of the damaged reactor .

Logging remains crucial to the economy in the central provinces of Binh Dinh and Gia Lai and the bans are seen as being largely for international consumption , with little effort made to enforce them on the ground .
logging [stays] crucial to the economy in the central provinces of binh dinh and gia lai and the bans are seen as being largely for international consumption , with little effort made to enforce them on the ground .

Status remains important but it is no longer the central feature of British society that it was in preceding centuries .
status [stays] important but it is no longer the central feature of british society that it was in preceding centuries .

Class remains a principal feature of British society .
class [stays] a principal feature of british society .

Over the 1970s , there was a shift in the distribution of wealth in favor of slightly more equality , though most wealth clearly remains in the hands of the minority .
over the 1970s , there was a shift in the distribution of wealth in favor of slightly more equality , though most wealth clearly [stays] in the hands of the minority .

Although much influence is placed on the individual , the family remains the most important social unit in Britain .
although much influence is placed on the individual , the family [stays] the most important social unit in britain .

Nonetheless , family remains the most important primary influence in the process of political socialization .
nonetheless , family [stays] the most important primary influence in the process of political socialization .

Formal education is important in political socialization , less for its effect on partisan support ( family remains the predominant influence ) than for helping shape awareness of the political system and explicitly or , more often , implicitly , the values that underpin it .
formal education is important in political socialization , less for its effect on partisan support ( family [stays] the predominant influence ) than for helping shape awareness of the political system and explicitly or , more often , implicitly , the values that underpin it .

Relative to other disciplines , it remains a little-taught subject .
relative to other disciplines , it [stays] a little-taught subject .

It remains an orientation that Britons not only find congenial but also take as the source of a certain pride .
it [stays] an orientation that britons not only find congenial but also take as the source of a certain pride .

Trust in one 's fellow countrymen remains a significant feature of contemporary British society .
trust in one 's fellow countrymen [stays] a significant feature of contemporary british society .

My argument is simply stated : Although subject to modification , the civic culture remains .
my argument is simply stated : although subject to modification , the civic culture [stays] .

So long as parliamentary sovereignty remains `` the one fundamental law `` of the Constitution , there is no way in which substantive rights can be entrenched and put beyond the reach of Parliament .
so long as parliamentary sovereignty [stays] `` the one fundamental law `` of the constitution , there is no way in which substantive rights can be entrenched and put beyond the reach of parliament .

Education remains important , independent of class .
education [stays] important , independent of class .

Behind the wall was part of Moorlake 's garden , but most of the latter lay behind the house itself , and ran down to a small stream , with a view beyond of fields and woods , some forty acres of which had been owned by Alicia Lockwood , the remains of her father 's more extensive holding .
behind the wall was part of moorlake 's garden , but most of the latter lay behind the house itself , and ran down to a small stream , with a view beyond of fields and woods , some forty acres of which had been owned by alicia lockwood , the [stays] of her father 's more extensive holding .

Energy management systems may represent a major attempt to rationalise fuel consumption in non-domestic environments , but it remains to be seen how they will be received by such buildings ' occupants .
energy management systems may represent a major attempt to rationalise fuel consumption in non-domestic environments , but it [stays] to be seen how they will be received by such buildings ' occupants .

It tries to make evident , to say what in these complex relations remains unsaid and therefore unthought , in design practice as much as in design policy or social thinking .
it tries to make evident , to say what in these complex relations [stays] unsaid and therefore unthought , in design practice as much as in design policy or social thinking .

It models precisely the position of alienation vis-a-vis design and society felt on the one hand by designers — who in general express profound unease at even thinking about the social sphere — and who embody this alienation in the very fabric of design practice ( mass housing is the obvious example ) — and on the other by society in general which remains both deeply suspicious of designers and their possible beneficial work and , paradoxically , deeply uncertain about objects — or , more precisely , about the significance of their form .
it models precisely the position of alienation vis-a-vis design and society felt on the one hand by designers — who in general express profound unease at even thinking about the social sphere — and who embody this alienation in the very fabric of design practice ( mass housing is the obvious example ) — and on the other by society in general which [stays] both deeply suspicious of designers and their possible beneficial work and , paradoxically , deeply uncertain about objects — or , more precisely , about the significance of their form .

The opera was twinned in themes from the start , and it remains so , even after the one theme of individual love is sacrificed .
the opera was twinned in themes from the start , and it [stays] so , even after the one theme of individual love is sacrificed .

And when he comes to the richer and more respectable inmates of the borough who can veil their defects behind money , he remains sardonic , and sees them as poor people who have not been found out .
and when he comes to the richer and more respectable inmates of the borough who can veil their defects behind money , he [stays] sardonic , and sees them as poor people who have not been found out .

However there remains a distinction between claiming that undergraduates don `` t display alternative points of view , and claiming that they can `` t do so .
however there [stays] a distinction between claiming that undergraduates don `` t display alternative points of view , and claiming that they can `` t do so .

Christianity , as long as it remains Christianity , can not lose its historical reference .
christianity , as long as it [stays] christianity , can not lose its historical reference .

But it remains the case that the male is considered the superior .
but it [stays] the case that the male is considered the superior .

It allows a translation process to be undertaken , while the underlying theme ( that for example of human liberation ) remains constant .
it allows a translation process to be undertaken , while the underlying theme ( that for example of human liberation ) [stays] constant .

Unlike Schüssler Fiorenza who seeks to move behind an androcentric text to the community which gave rise to it , Trible remains with the text itself .
unlike schüssler fiorenza who seeks to move behind an androcentric text to the community which gave rise to it , trible [stays] with the text itself .

Of course supplementary imagery may be found , but the core imagery remains male .
of course supplementary imagery may be found , but the core imagery [stays] male .

Later the practice of cremation led to tidier storage of ashy remains in cinerary urns , though still ritually accompanied by pottery beakers and food bowls , animals and birds , and even helpings of fish to succour the departed on their way .
later the practice of cremation led to tidier storage of ashy [stays] in cinerary urns , though still ritually accompanied by pottery beakers and food bowls , animals and birds , and even helpings of fish to succour the departed on their way .

There are remains of four levels of wall , the lowest of which would have had wooden gates to protect its main entrance .
there are [stays] of four levels of wall , the lowest of which would have had wooden gates to protect its main entrance .

But the most worrying thing about this approach remains .
but the most worrying thing about this approach [stays] .

The wide range of exciting archaeological discoveries in Wales includes 250,000 year old human remains , prehistoric finds , Celtic and Roman objects , and finds illustrating life in Medieval Wales .
the wide range of exciting archaeological discoveries in wales includes 250,000 year old human [stays] , prehistoric finds , celtic and roman objects , and finds illustrating life in medieval wales .

Nestling among the site 's historic remains , a unique hydro-electric scheme has been developed to harness this great natural resource .
nestling among the site 's historic [stays] , a unique hydro-electric scheme has been developed to harness this great natural resource .

Today much still remains to be seen of Caerleon 's magnificent Roman past .
today much still [stays] to be seen of caerleon 's magnificent roman past .

Caerleon has the only remains of Roman legionary barracks on view anywhere in Europe .
caerleon has the only [stays] of roman legionary barracks on view anywhere in europe .

Visitors can walk along a Roman street and discover remains of turrets , cookhouses , bread-ovens and a latrine .
visitors can walk along a roman street and discover [stays] of turrets , cookhouses , bread-ovens and a latrine .

Caerleon , the legionary fortress of Isca , boasts the atmospheric remains of a Roman amphitheatre and baths complex , whilst in the beautiful Wye Valley can be found the substantial ruins of Tintern Abbey and Chepstow Castle .
caerleon , the legionary fortress of isca , boasts the atmospheric [stays] of a roman amphitheatre and baths complex , whilst in the beautiful wye valley can be found the substantial ruins of tintern abbey and chepstow castle .

One of the finest castles in West Wales , it remains remarkably intact .
one of the finest castles in west wales , it [stays] remarkably intact .

Also in Caerleon is the Roman Legionary Museum which holds many fascinating artefacts excavated from the remains .
also in caerleon is the roman legionary museum which holds many fascinating artefacts excavated from the [stays] .

The remains of this fortified residence , belonging to the bishops of St Davids , was build largely between the late 13th and 15th centuries .
the [stays] of this fortified residence , belonging to the bishops of st davids , was build largely between the late 13th and 15th centuries .

Remains of a unique roman building overlooking the seashore .
[stays] of a unique roman building overlooking the seashore .

The Isle of Anglesey boasts one of the finest collections of prehistoric remains in Wales , and in Beaumaris , the medieval castle his acknowledged as the best of its kind in Britain .
the isle of anglesey boasts one of the finest collections of prehistoric [stays] in wales , and in beaumaris , the medieval castle his acknowledged as the best of its kind in britain .

Carmarthen , Dyfed 's Country Town , remains West Wales ' premier leisure , cultural and shopping centre .
carmarthen , dyfed 's country town , [stays] west wales ' premier leisure , cultural and shopping centre .

In general , though , they vary from long-oval in shape to almost globular , are borne on rather long peduncles and , by now , will have almost entirely lost the wizened remains of the flower 's calyx .
in general , though , they vary from long-oval in shape to almost globular , are borne on rather long peduncles and , by now , will have almost entirely lost the wizened [stays] of the flower 's calyx .

Kendo could not resist the excitement , and in joining in the displaying dropped the remains of the colobus ; it was immediately grabbed by Ondine and Loukoum , who were quickly surrounded by the other females .
kendo could not resist the excitement , and in joining in the displaying dropped the [stays] of the colobus ; it was immediately grabbed by ondine and loukoum , who were quickly surrounded by the other females .

Poaching remains the chief threat , but it 's also one which is susceptible to prompt action .
poaching [stays] the chief threat , but it 's also one which is susceptible to prompt action .

But , particularly while the door to the ivory market remains ajar , they are unlikely to remove the need for patrols and game guards .
but , particularly while the door to the ivory market [stays] ajar , they are unlikely to remove the need for patrols and game guards .

Yet Mar Lodge remains a remote and beautiful place , and full of superb examples of almost all the classic Highland habitats , from the flood-plain terraces of the River Dee to the montane grasslands of Ben MacDui , the second highest peak in Scotland .
yet mar lodge [stays] a remote and beautiful place , and full of superb examples of almost all the classic highland habitats , from the flood-plain terraces of the river dee to the montane grasslands of ben macdui , the second highest peak in scotland .

In The Observer , a normally wise and balanced political commentator outlined a vision of what the English countryside might become if abandoned to nature , which was like something out of a Dark Ages bestiary , a nightmarish waste of swamp and scrub , thick with rats , disease and the remains of derelict farm machinery .
in the observer , a normally wise and balanced political commentator outlined a vision of what the english countryside might become if abandoned to nature , which was like something out of a dark ages bestiary , a nightmarish waste of swamp and scrub , thick with rats , disease and the [stays] of derelict farm machinery .

The question that remains is why selection favours smaller females .
the question that [stays] is why selection favours smaller females .

Sin has certainly spoiled and blurred it , but man remains a reasoning , moral , creative creature .
sin has certainly spoiled and blurred it , but man [stays] a reasoning , moral , creative creature .

And the great tower remains unfinished .
and the great tower [stays] unfinished .

The procedures set out in Leviticus presuppose a sanctuary , an altar , and an officiating priesthood , though the historical use and development of these rituals remains obscure .
the procedures set out in leviticus presuppose a sanctuary , an altar , and an officiating priesthood , though the historical use and development of these rituals [stays] obscure .

Around him lay scattered the festering remains of half a dozen meals .
around him lay scattered the festering [stays] of half a dozen meals .

But then the other faction , the shattered remains of the erstwhile `` confident `` party , had argued rather differently … far from being a sign of collapse it was , in fact , a sign of the Collector 's resolve , his determination not to submit to oppression , to fight back , in other words .
but then the other faction , the shattered [stays] of the erstwhile `` confident `` party , had argued rather differently … far from being a sign of collapse it was , in fact , a sign of the collector 's resolve , his determination not to submit to oppression , to fight back , in other words .

The medical journals still present a variety of possible remedies , many of which sound most desperate and bizarre missionaries report from China that they have been cured by having needles stuck into their bellies and arms , yet this is not thought too strange to mention … and almost every variety of chemical substance has been proposed at one time or another , all of which is a sure sign that our profession remains baffled by this disease . ``
the medical journals still present a variety of possible remedies , many of which sound most desperate and bizarre missionaries report from china that they have been cured by having needles stuck into their bellies and arms , yet this is not thought too strange to mention … and almost every variety of chemical substance has been proposed at one time or another , all of which is a sure sign that our profession [stays] baffled by this disease . ``

It remains the key to our understanding of the natural world and it enables us to recognise that life has a long and continuous history during which organisms , both plant and animal , have changed , generation by generation , as they colonised all parts of the world .
it [stays] the key to our understanding of the natural world and it enables us to recognise that life has a long and continuous history during which organisms , both plant and animal , have changed , generation by generation , as they colonised all parts of the world .

But there are no organic remains of any kind .
but there are no organic [stays] of any kind .

All over the world , rocks of this antiquity were carefully searched for organic remains .
all over the world , rocks of this antiquity were carefully searched for organic [stays] .

This development was to have a profound effect on all life to come , for if hydrogen is removed from water , the element that remains is oxygen .
this development was to have a profound effect on all life to come , for if hydrogen is removed from water , the element that [stays] is oxygen .

Huge thicknesses of limestone in many parts of the world consist almost entirely of coral remains and they provide a detailed chronicle of the development of the group .
huge thicknesses of limestone in many parts of the world consist almost entirely of coral [stays] and they provide a detailed chronicle of the development of the group .

All three groups , being sea-dwellers , have left behind abundant remains and the details of their separate dynastic fortunes can be traced through the rocks for hundreds of millions of years .
all three groups , being sea-dwellers , have left behind abundant [stays] and the details of their separate dynastic fortunes can be traced through the rocks for hundreds of millions of years .

The Ediacaran deposits in Australia which contain the remains of jellyfish and sea pens also preserve impressions of segmented worms .
the ediacaran deposits in australia which contain the [stays] of jellyfish and sea pens also preserve impressions of segmented worms .

Even the exceptionally ancient remains of Ediacara offer no clue about the connection between the segmented worms and the other early groups .
even the exceptionally ancient [stays] of ediacara offer no clue about the connection between the segmented worms and the other early groups .

Each large egg remains attached to the stem at the top , while the smaller microscopic sperms are released into water and wriggle their way to fertilise it .
each large egg [stays] attached to the stem at the top , while the smaller microscopic sperms are released into water and wriggle their way to fertilise it .

The compacted remains of their stems and leaves today form coal .
the compacted [stays] of their stems and leaves today form coal .

The process takes several months but eventually , when the tube is complete , a sperm cell is produced from the remains of the pollen grain .
the process takes several months but eventually , when the tube is complete , a sperm cell is produced from the [stays] of the pollen grain .

The fertilised egg remains in the cone for one more year .
the fertilised egg [stays] in the cone for one more year .

Pollen was an almost identical diet and it still remains a most important prize .
pollen was an almost identical diet and it still [stays] a most important prize .

Their remains have now been found in rocks that are about 500 million years old , very nearly as ancient as the Burgess Shales .
their [stays] have now been found in rocks that are about 500 million years old , very nearly as ancient as the burgess shales .

When they came to examine their gully-riven fronts in detail , they discovered that the rocks were full of the remains of coral .
when they came to examine their gully-riven fronts in detail , they discovered that the rocks were full of the [stays] of coral .

It has both gills and lungs , lays its eggs in a nest in the bottom of a stream and remains in water throughout its life .
it has both gills and lungs , lays its eggs in a nest in the bottom of a stream and [stays] in water throughout its life .

The underlying position of the British economy remains very strong .
the underlying position of the british economy [stays] very strong .

They did n't often get roast meat , only what Auntie Lou called ‘ Done Down ’ , which was the remains of the joint after Mr Evans had finished with it , minced up with bread and gravy browning .
they did n't often get roast meat , only what auntie lou called ‘ done down ’ , which was the [stays] of the joint after mr evans had finished with it , minced up with bread and gravy browning .

While some aspects of programming are relevant to the process of acquiring disembedded thought , Hughes suggests that much further work remains to be done .
while some aspects of programming are relevant to the process of acquiring disembedded thought , hughes suggests that much further work [stays] to be done .

But the question still remains — do young children actually view intentions as causes of actions ?
but the question still [stays] — do young children actually view intentions as causes of actions ?

The first statement remains intact in its vagueness and generality , but the casual reader might assume from the wealth of clauses and subordinate clauses that it has been argued and proved .
the first statement [stays] intact in its vagueness and generality , but the casual reader might assume from the wealth of clauses and subordinate clauses that it has been argued and proved .

His essential vision remains the same , however : in a world which is unreal , inhabited by foolish or isolated people , only those with an especial destiny can escape its constrictions .
his essential vision [stays] the same , however : in a world which is unreal , inhabited by foolish or isolated people , only those with an especial destiny can escape its constrictions .

Yet the question remains as to what Baldwin thought he might have attempted in a long night of ‘ reasoning together ’ .
yet the question [stays] as to what baldwin thought he might have attempted in a long night of ‘ reasoning together ’ .

Too many people did that in the last recession and ended up with fancy new furniture in the living room , photos of an expensive holiday abroad , a few remains of once fashionable clothes and masses of debts .
too many people did that in the last recession and ended up with fancy new furniture in the living room , photos of an expensive holiday abroad , a few [stays] of once fashionable clothes and masses of debts .

And the fact remains that the People 's Charter not Co-operation , not Owenism , became after 1832 the great cause .
and the fact [stays] that the people 's charter not co-operation , not owenism , became after 1832 the great cause .

So , too , was — and remains — the title of the legislation empowering the Registrar of Friendly Societies to register a co-operative as a corporate entity .
so , too , was — and [stays] — the title of the legislation empowering the registrar of friendly societies to register a co-operative as a corporate entity .

It was , and remains , authentic industrial democracy .
it was , and [stays] , authentic industrial democracy .

If it could still be shown that it remains an effective expression of democracy , that would indeed be a reason ; for any diminution of democracy is deplorable .
if it could still be shown that it [stays] an effective expression of democracy , that would indeed be a reason ; for any diminution of democracy is deplorable .

By contrast , the appeal of the industrial co-operative remains unchallengeable , its ecological niche exclusive to it .
by contrast , the appeal of the industrial co-operative [stays] unchallengeable , its ecological niche exclusive to it .

Unless the workers employed in a producers ' co-operative are the final custodians of its affairs , the bonus — or better , the bounty — remains a payment made as an act of grace ; and the co-operative is not properly so-called .
unless the workers employed in a producers ' co-operative are the final custodians of its affairs , the bonus — or better , the bounty — [stays] a payment made as an act of grace ; and the co-operative is not properly so-called .

It is another 's activity and a loss of his own spontaneity ’ — remains of special relevance .
it is another 's activity and a loss of his own spontaneity ’ — [stays] of special relevance .

It remains first to say that neither Marxism , nor Empirical Socialism in the Webbs ' versions of it , anticipated Keynes 's General Theory of Employment , Interest and Money .
it [stays] first to say that neither marxism , nor empirical socialism in the webbs ' versions of it , anticipated keynes 's general theory of employment , interest and money .

So far under this heading ‘ trade union and legislative development ’ , as under the earlier headings , the case effectively stated remains the case for extension , within the existing dispensation , of the role of trade unions .
so far under this heading ‘ trade union and legislative development ’ , as under the earlier headings , the case effectively stated [stays] the case for extension , within the existing dispensation , of the role of trade unions .

For , though there has been useful progress in bringing Co-operation to attention as a credible option , it remains in the United Kingdom , far more than in some western democracies , an exceptional way of undertaking an industrial venture .
for , though there has been useful progress in bringing co-operation to attention as a credible option , it [stays] in the united kingdom , far more than in some western democracies , an exceptional way of undertaking an industrial venture .

There remains the proposition that the industrial co-operative is particularly unsuited to capital intensive business .
there [stays] the proposition that the industrial co-operative is particularly unsuited to capital intensive business .

It remains for us to consider the macro-economic case for the widespread and general adoption of the industrial co-operative form .
it [stays] for us to consider the macro-economic case for the widespread and general adoption of the industrial co-operative form .

However , even if it is accepted that treaties do not perform a single function and should not all be subject to the same rules , there remains the threshold question of how treaties are best conceptualised and categorised .
however , even if it is accepted that treaties do not perform a single function and should not all be subject to the same rules , there [stays] the threshold question of how treaties are best conceptualised and categorised .

In contrast the precise juridical basis for third party rights under the Convention remains uncertain .
in contrast the precise juridical basis for third party rights under the convention [stays] uncertain .

What is clear under both Article 35 and 36 is that the third party remains just that : it does not become a party to the entire treaty .
what is clear under both article 35 and 36 is that the third party [stays] just that : it does not become a party to the entire treaty .

Although the United States remains a third party to the Peace Agreement it therefore has obligations and rights with respect to its performance .
although the united states [stays] a third party to the peace agreement it therefore has obligations and rights with respect to its performance .

This places the people in a dilemma ; while they reject the Compact of Free Association , the Trusteeship Agreement with respect to Palau remains in force , depriving them of their right to self-determination .
this places the people in a dilemma ; while they reject the compact of free association , the trusteeship agreement with respect to palau [stays] in force , depriving them of their right to self-determination .

Reverting to the analogy with corporations , at common law an ultra vires action by a corporation remains ultra vires for the protection of third parties , even if unanimously supported by all the shareholders .
reverting to the analogy with corporations , at common law an ultra vires action by a corporation [stays] ultra vires for the protection of third parties , even if unanimously supported by all the shareholders .

The major instrument for shaping and formulating these prescriptions remains the treaty .
the major instrument for shaping and formulating these prescriptions [stays] the treaty .

His face and body were a mass of bruises after he had been attacked at his home by a forty-strong mob who were preparing to lynch him in the remains of his once beautiful garden when the military had arrived and bundled him into the back of a police van and brought him to La Tambier .
his face and body were a mass of bruises after he had been attacked at his home by a forty-strong mob who were preparing to lynch him in the [stays] of his once beautiful garden when the military had arrived and bundled him into the back of a police van and brought him to la tambier .

And the longer he remains on the run , the worse it will become for him .
and the longer he [stays] on the run , the worse it will become for him .

To complete the back of the chair it only remains to insert the three vertical splats , once again marking the shoulders off from the upper and lower back rail .
to complete the back of the chair it only [stays] to insert the three vertical splats , once again marking the shoulders off from the upper and lower back rail .

The perceived value of fine work by established makers is rising : one piece remains on exhibition although sold — it has been bought as an investment .
the perceived value of fine work by established makers is rising : one piece [stays] on exhibition although sold — it has been bought as an investment .

Since early in 1947 the French have employed about 115,000 troops in Indo-China , with little result , since the countryside except in Laos and Cambodia remains under the firm control of the Ho Chi Minh government .
since early in 1947 the french have employed about 115,000 troops in indo-china , with little result , since the countryside except in laos and cambodia [stays] under the firm control of the ho chi minh government .

The fact remains that most older people are fairly rigid in their sexual views and , more surprisingly perhaps , a good deal less knowledgeable in matters of sex than their younger compatriots .
the fact [stays] that most older people are fairly rigid in their sexual views and , more surprisingly perhaps , a good deal less knowledgeable in matters of sex than their younger compatriots .

During the third month this length is doubled and the bodily proportions become more like those of a new-born infant , although the head remains much larger in proportion .
during the third month this length is doubled and the bodily proportions become more like those of a new-born infant , although the head [stays] much larger in proportion .

The cervix ( the neck of the womb ) remains soft and elastic for some time and the vagina remains distended , but these will return to normal with time although the vaginal outlet will be permanently widened from its original state .
the cervix ( the neck of the womb ) [stays] soft and elastic for some time and the vagina [stays] distended , but these will return to normal with time although the vaginal outlet will be permanently widened from its original state .

Yet the fact remains that people for whom all other comforts are provided in residential institutions are still largely neglected as regards sexual need .
yet the fact [stays] that people for whom all other comforts are provided in residential institutions are still largely neglected as regards sexual need .

This remains part of the School 's tradition and is recognisable after five hundred years .
this [stays] part of the school 's tradition and is recognisable after five hundred years .

The decision to use the bomb remains the most controversial and probably the most important of the Second World War .
the decision to use the bomb [stays] the most controversial and probably the most important of the second world war .

This later evolved to `` Falcon 20 `` , and Dassault have since applied the name to every version , although the `` Mystère 20 `` appellation still remains .
this later evolved to `` falcon 20 `` , and dassault have since applied the name to every version , although the `` mystère 20 `` appellation still [stays] .

Since Gravier was Jewish and cremation is in violation of Jewish religious tenets , it was highly irregular that his family would have his remains cremated .
since gravier was jewish and cremation is in violation of jewish religious tenets , it was highly irregular that his family would have his [stays] cremated .

But on the other side there still remains the basic fact that without quantitative confirmation , statements on style lack the support of concrete evidence .
but on the other side there still [stays] the basic fact that without quantitative confirmation , statements on style lack the support of concrete evidence .

… reader instruction as at present interpreted remains largely instructional rather than educational , and emphasizes the value of the library as a storehouse of knowledge rather than a storehouse of wisdom and understanding .
… reader instruction as at present interpreted [stays] largely instructional rather than educational , and emphasizes the value of the library as a storehouse of knowledge rather than a storehouse of wisdom and understanding .

In larger schools , and at the secondary stage , the organization of spaces and necessary reservation of particular areas remains a complex job , but can he approached from a different viewpoint .
in larger schools , and at the secondary stage , the organization of spaces and necessary reservation of particular areas [stays] a complex job , but can he approached from a different viewpoint .

In North America the practice among many centres is to undertake angioplasty with an intracoronary thrombolytic agent , usually urokinase , but the impact of this approach remains to be tested .
in north america the practice among many centres is to undertake angioplasty with an intracoronary thrombolytic agent , usually urokinase , but the impact of this approach [stays] to be tested .

The early assessment of infarct size through the collection of clinical , radiological and biochemical data at the time of admission such as in the Killip , Norris or Peel indices or by direct haemodynamic monitoring allows an accurate assessment of prognosis and implies that extensive myocardial infarction remains a persistent liability ( Figure 1 ) .
the early assessment of infarct size through the collection of clinical , radiological and biochemical data at the time of admission such as in the killip , norris or peel indices or by direct haemodynamic monitoring allows an accurate assessment of prognosis and implies that extensive myocardial infarction [stays] a persistent liability ( figure 1 ) .

The fact remains that because of election by constituency quota the odds are heavily against fair representation for a small party .
the fact [stays] that because of election by constituency quota the odds are heavily against fair representation for a small party .

It remains to decide whether the Unionists would have accepted fusion if Lloyd George could have made it a real option in 1920 .
it [stays] to decide whether the unionists would have accepted fusion if lloyd george could have made it a real option in 1920 .

It was a pleasant walk along well-trodden paths through Birbeck Woods beyond which we came upon the first set of workings in Gunnerside Gill : the remains of dressing floors belonging to the Old Gang Mining Company .
it was a pleasant walk along well-trodden paths through birbeck woods beyond which we came upon the first set of workings in gunnerside gill : the [stays] of dressing floors belonging to the old gang mining company .

Almost midway between the two and marked on the map as `` Chapel ( remains of ) `` is the ruined church of a settlement of Knights Templars , a military organisation formed to protect pilgrims travelling to the Holy Land .
almost midway between the two and marked on the map as `` chapel ( [stays] of ) `` is the ruined church of a settlement of knights templars , a military organisation formed to protect pilgrims travelling to the holy land .

The classical continuity which remains for the plucked string is that each of its harmonics can be sounded as softly or as loudly as we please .
the classical continuity which [stays] for the plucked string is that each of its harmonics can be sounded as softly or as loudly as we please .

As Sherlock Holmes said , `` When you have eliminated the impossible whatever remains , however improbable , must be the truth . ``
as sherlock holmes said , `` when you have eliminated the impossible whatever [stays] , however improbable , must be the truth . ``

It still remains a question whether it all works physically .
it still [stays] a question whether it all works physically .

There remains , however , one further suggestion which easily exceeds all others in its bizarre quality .
there [stays] , however , one further suggestion which easily exceeds all others in its bizarre quality .

It thus involves the arrangement , not merely of words , but of the substance of thought which the words are meant to convey … Only through composition can pupils acquire effective mastery of the enlarged vocabulary with which they become acquainted through literature , but which remains inert in their minds without the exercise of applying it to the expression of their own thought .
it thus involves the arrangement , not merely of words , but of the substance of thought which the words are meant to convey … only through composition can pupils acquire effective mastery of the enlarged vocabulary with which they become acquainted through literature , but which [stays] inert in their minds without the exercise of applying it to the expression of their own thought .

In practice during the inter-war period English was ( and largely remains ) securely established as a stable and male-dominated professional field despite the presence of a majority of female students .
in practice during the inter-war period english was ( and largely [stays] ) securely established as a stable and male-dominated professional field despite the presence of a majority of female students .

Thus , despite the development since the 1970s of a whole plethora of `` critical `` and `` theoretical `` approaches to literature , English studies remained ( and remains still ) radically inconceivable without those texts which authorize it as an area of English and literary study .
thus , despite the development since the 1970s of a whole plethora of `` critical `` and `` theoretical `` approaches to literature , english studies remained ( and [stays] still ) radically inconceivable without those texts which authorize it as an area of english and literary study .

As Parrinder also indicates , the question remains as to whether the `` aims of English `` can be formulated other than in terms of humanism , a question which will be considered in the Conclusion .
as parrinder also indicates , the question [stays] as to whether the `` aims of english `` can be formulated other than in terms of humanism , a question which will be considered in the conclusion .

Sanctions lifted , but censorship remains
sanctions lifted , but censorship [stays]

Peace reigns at last though , and everything in the smouldering remains of the garden would be rosy if it were n't for one little problem .
peace reigns at last though , and everything in the smouldering [stays] of the garden would be rosy if it were n't for one little problem .

Not it just remains to kill Jock to complete the level .
not it just [stays] to kill jock to complete the level .

All that remains is a painfully sparse blaster involving very little skill .
all that [stays] is a painfully sparse blaster involving very little skill .

It is , and always has been , one of the few first-class libraries in the world and remains a leader in its field .
it is , and always has been , one of the few first-class libraries in the world and [stays] a leader in its field .

It has forged an adventurous contemporary acquisitions policy which it intends to build on , purchasing works early in an artist 's career before prices fall outside the scope of the gallery 's low acquisitions budget which remains frozen despite the Council 's largesse .
it has forged an adventurous contemporary acquisitions policy which it intends to build on , purchasing works early in an artist 's career before prices fall outside the scope of the gallery 's low acquisitions budget which [stays] frozen despite the council 's largesse .

He has allowed The Art Newspaper to republish what he said in the Dalmatian ( therefore Croatian ) periodical Nedjeljna Dalmacija last 5 September , because , he says , everything he said then remains true today .
he has allowed the art newspaper to republish what he said in the dalmatian ( therefore croatian ) periodical nedjeljna dalmacija last 5 september , because , he says , everything he said then [stays] true today .

Broadly speaking , demand was and remains concentrated in Europe , with a flurry of Japanese and American buying in the 1988–90 period .
broadly speaking , demand was and [stays] concentrated in europe , with a flurry of japanese and american buying in the 1988–90 period .

He remains , however , one of the most artful and resourceful of spinners and a valuable counter-balance to the youthful talent in whom Yorkshire are placing so much faith .
he [stays] , however , one of the most artful and resourceful of spinners and a valuable counter-balance to the youthful talent in whom yorkshire are placing so much faith .

The evidence for destruction of buildings is almost non-existent and the human remains of ‘ the victims ’ in the majority of cases clearly belong to organized burials in small cemeteries , post-dating the occupation of some of the villa buildings .
the evidence for destruction of buildings is almost non-existent and the human [stays] of ‘ the victims ’ in the majority of cases clearly belong to organized burials in small cemeteries , post-dating the occupation of some of the villa buildings .

Professor Cunliffe , has , however , been able to examine small areas where remains have survived .
professor cunliffe , has , however , been able to examine small areas where [stays] have survived .

The most striking fact remains that Chedworth is not a house of the normally accepted type .
the most striking fact [stays] that chedworth is not a house of the normally accepted type .

This leaves the possibility of a splendid house being found in the east courtyard , where the museum and custodian 's house now stand ; but had any substantial remains survived , traces of them would surely have been found when those buildings were erected .
this leaves the possibility of a splendid house being found in the east courtyard , where the museum and custodian 's house now stand ; but had any substantial [stays] survived , traces of them would surely have been found when those buildings were erected .

Roman remains , including tesserae have also been found in Chedworth village ( c. 140 yds south of the ‘ villa ’ ) , but whether these sites were associated with the temple could only be determined by excavation .
roman [stays] , including tesserae have also been found in chedworth village ( c. 140 yds south of the ‘ villa ’ ) , but whether these sites were associated with the temple could only be determined by excavation .

Along the road leading to it were many altars and shrines and there are also remains which could belong to a theatre .
along the road leading to it were many altars and shrines and there are also [stays] which could belong to a theatre .

Could a private citizen obtain a court order to prevent post office workers boycotting mail to South Africa ? Could the Greater London Council lawfully cut tube fares ? Could a taxi driver be deprived of his licence to operate at Heathrow because of misconduct , without being given a chance to put his side of the story ? Could the Secretary of State for Education force a local authority to go ahead with its predecessor council 's plan to ‘ comprehensivize ’ schools in its area ? Could parents force a local authority to keep schools open during a strike of ancillary workers ? When is the Home Office entitled to change policy guidelines concerning the release of prisoners on licence or the admission to Britain of immigrant children wanted for adoption here ? Could the government ban union membership amongst civil servants working at its intelligence headquarters without consulting union leaders ? Could Spanish owners of fishing vessels force the government to allow the vessels to fish in British waters pending a decision as to whether they were entitled to do so under European Community law ? Could campaigners for the preservation of the remains of Shakespeare 's Rose theatre challenge a decision to register the remains as a national monument ? Could the government lawfully ban transmission of the voices of members of terrorist organizations ?
could a private citizen obtain a court order to prevent post office workers boycotting mail to south africa ? could the greater london council lawfully cut tube fares ? could a taxi driver be deprived of his licence to operate at heathrow because of misconduct , without being given a chance to put his side of the story ? could the secretary of state for education force a local authority to go ahead with its predecessor council 's plan to ‘ comprehensivize ’ schools in its area ? could parents force a local authority to keep schools open during a strike of ancillary workers ? when is the home office entitled to change policy guidelines concerning the release of prisoners on licence or the admission to britain of immigrant children wanted for adoption here ? could the government ban union membership amongst civil servants working at its intelligence headquarters without consulting union leaders ? could spanish owners of fishing vessels force the government to allow the vessels to fish in british waters pending a decision as to whether they were entitled to do so under european community law ? could campaigners for the preservation of the [stays] of shakespeare 's rose theatre challenge a decision to register the [stays] as a national monument ? could the government lawfully ban transmission of the voices of members of terrorist organizations ?

By contrast , in the Rose Theatre case the judge seems to have been influenced to deny standing partly by the fact that the Trust had been formed only for the purpose of campaigning for the preservation of the remains of the theatre ; whereas the same judge in another case accorded standing to challenge a grant of planning permission to a representative of a snake-preservation society which had been active on the site in question for many years and had ‘ put money into it ’ .
by contrast , in the rose theatre case the judge seems to have been influenced to deny standing partly by the fact that the trust had been formed only for the purpose of campaigning for the preservation of the [stays] of the theatre ; whereas the same judge in another case accorded standing to challenge a grant of planning permission to a representative of a snake-preservation society which had been active on the site in question for many years and had ‘ put money into it ’ .

Its issue presupposes that some function of the body remains to be performed , and this sets an internal time limit after which the order could not issue ( although an applicant can be denied the order because of undue delay even before the expiry of this time ) .
its issue presupposes that some function of the body [stays] to be performed , and this sets an internal time limit after which the order could not issue ( although an applicant can be denied the order because of undue delay even before the expiry of this time ) .

The fact remains that the debate on contemporary art seems to have entered a new dimension , with doubt being cast wholesale on the quality and content of recent trends , and on the good faith of the public institutions which give them space .
the fact [stays] that the debate on contemporary art seems to have entered a new dimension , with doubt being cast wholesale on the quality and content of recent trends , and on the good faith of the public institutions which give them space .

Marshall remains at the Whitney , however , reportedly thanks to the threat of a lawsuit from Michael Ward Stout , the same attorney who represents the Basquiat estate .
marshall [stays] at the whitney , however , reportedly thanks to the threat of a lawsuit from michael ward stout , the same attorney who represents the basquiat estate .

The dominant theme remains still-life and the prominence of lamps and the pools of light which they shed .
the dominant theme [stays] still-life and the prominence of lamps and the pools of light which they shed .

The first stage of the project , already complete , was a geophysical survey , which has revealed the remains of substantial stone buildings and has suggested a street plan of this part of the Roman city .
the first stage of the project , already complete , was a geophysical survey , which has revealed the [stays] of substantial stone buildings and has suggested a street plan of this part of the roman city .

This tax now decreases by 7 % per year for every year an item purchased at auction remains with the purchaser .
this tax now decreases by 7 % per year for every year an item purchased at auction [stays] with the purchaser .

Although its founder , Karl-Ernst Jöllenbeck died in 1991 , the gallery remains a vital force under the directorship of Michael Nickel .
although its founder , karl-ernst jöllenbeck died in 1991 , the gallery [stays] a vital force under the directorship of michael nickel .

The danger , however , is that the study of new paradigms remains a purpose in itself .
the danger , however , is that the study of new paradigms [stays] a purpose in itself .

Viewers and their association are guaranteed representation in a way which remains to be defined , both with the legislating authority and with public and private channels .
viewers and their association are guaranteed representation in a way which [stays] to be defined , both with the legislating authority and with public and private channels .

Yet the time has come when many doubt whether it remains sensible to persevere in recycling the classical law in order to incorporate all the new challenges to its doctrinal system .
yet the time has come when many doubt whether it [stays] sensible to persevere in recycling the classical law in order to incorporate all the new challenges to its doctrinal system .

Much work remains to be done , however , building upon these important first steps towards an understanding of the values and direction of modern contract law .
much work [stays] to be done , however , building upon these important first steps towards an understanding of the values and direction of modern contract law .

Although these differences of terminology amount to more than semantic predilections , for they support — perhaps even generate — rival conceptions of the limits of contractual obligations , the generic idea remains a special exercise of choice by an individual , through which he deliberately incurs a binding legal responsibility .
although these differences of terminology amount to more than semantic predilections , for they support — perhaps even generate — rival conceptions of the limits of contractual obligations , the generic idea [stays] a special exercise of choice by an individual , through which he deliberately incurs a binding legal responsibility .

We should first note , however , that the ‘ harm to interests ’ theory , as we have stated it , remains radically incomplete , for it lacks a theory of personal responsibility .
we should first note , however , that the ‘ harm to interests ’ theory , as we have stated it , [stays] radically incomplete , for it lacks a theory of personal responsibility .

Delegalization offers the promise of financial savings , even if the divorce rate remains high .
delegalization offers the promise of financial savings , even if the divorce rate [stays] high .

If the answers to problems are sought only in empirical research the ‘ broader perspective ’ remains unrealized .
if the answers to problems are sought only in empirical research the ‘ broader perspective ’ [stays] unrealized .

We can choose between accepting the categories already defined , in which case theory remains implicit ; or we can ‘ commit ourselves to working out critical and explicit theory ’ .
we can choose between accepting the categories already defined , in which case theory [stays] implicit ; or we can ‘ commit ourselves to working out critical and explicit theory ’ .

As Neil MacCormick has observed : ‘ It remains a contested issue whether an aspiration to justice is to be treated as essential to or definitive of the legal enterprise in all its manifestations , or is to be distinguished as a specially urgent demand issued in the name of critical morality .
as neil maccormick has observed : ‘ it [stays] a contested issue whether an aspiration to justice is to be treated as essential to or definitive of the legal enterprise in all its manifestations , or is to be distinguished as a specially urgent demand issued in the name of critical morality .

This is condemnation indeed , but more crucial is the circumstance that in its diminished state , criminal law remains for some students the first impression of serious legal study .
this is condemnation indeed , but more crucial is the circumstance that in its diminished state , criminal law [stays] for some students the first impression of serious legal study .

Even so , Finnis remains committed to the proposition that in determining the concept of property the legislator 's choice can not be regarded as wholly unfettered or arbitrary .
even so , finnis [stays] committed to the proposition that in determining the concept of property the legislator 's choice can not be regarded as wholly unfettered or arbitrary .

The report seems to concede that no export regulation could conceivably have prevented this collection from leaving the country , and also acknowledges that one of the main reasons why Baron von Thyssen , and other great collectors such as Heinz Berggruen , chose to bring their art collection to Switzerland in the first place was , and remains , the great freedom offered by the Swiss legal system .
the report seems to concede that no export regulation could conceivably have prevented this collection from leaving the country , and also acknowledges that one of the main reasons why baron von thyssen , and other great collectors such as heinz berggruen , chose to bring their art collection to switzerland in the first place was , and [stays] , the great freedom offered by the swiss legal system .

The substantial remains of Milton Lockhart , an elegant William Burn house of the 1840s in Lanarkshire were bought by another Japanese consortium and transported to Japan 's Hokkaido Island be rebuilt as ‘ Santa 's Castle ’ in ‘ Santaland , an absolutely unique [ sic ] theme park , much better than Disneyland ’ .
the substantial [stays] of milton lockhart , an elegant william burn house of the 1840s in lanarkshire were bought by another japanese consortium and transported to japan 's hokkaido island be rebuilt as ‘ santa 's castle ’ in ‘ santaland , an absolutely unique [ sic ] theme park , much better than disneyland ’ .

The castle and grounds , which include the greatest arboretum in Poland , at present belong to the colossal state forestry authority , while the collections have been dispersed not only to Poznan , but also to Warsaw , whose National Museum is sitting on the remains of the unique collection of Etruscan and Greek vases ( some are in Moscow , while others were looted by the Germans , along with all the Limoges enamels , some of which regularly turn up in Western collections ) .
the castle and grounds , which include the greatest arboretum in poland , at present belong to the colossal state forestry authority , while the collections have been dispersed not only to poznan , but also to warsaw , whose national museum is sitting on the [stays] of the unique collection of etruscan and greek vases ( some are in moscow , while others were looted by the germans , along with all the limoges enamels , some of which regularly turn up in western collections ) .

Once this is recognised , then , while it remains easy to criticise the relativist confusions of Mr Lang and his colleagues , it becomes less clear that France can do without someone like him .
once this is recognised , then , while it [stays] easy to criticise the relativist confusions of mr lang and his colleagues , it becomes less clear that france can do without someone like him .

Unfortunately , the history of Venetian art in the first decade of the sixteenth century is still in many respects mysterious , not least in connection with Giorgione himself , whose oeuvre and development remains perhaps the most contentious single issue in the study of Italian Renaissance art .
unfortunately , the history of venetian art in the first decade of the sixteenth century is still in many respects mysterious , not least in connection with giorgione himself , whose oeuvre and development [stays] perhaps the most contentious single issue in the study of italian renaissance art .

Whatever the short-term problems in this area , the outlook and for twentieth-century sculpture in general remains bright .
whatever the short-term problems in this area , the outlook and for twentieth-century sculpture in general [stays] bright .

Kasmin 's shop posted a For Lease sign some weeks ago , although he remains in Cork Street until he can identify a new tenant for his property .
kasmin 's shop posted a for lease sign some weeks ago , although he [stays] in cork street until he can identify a new tenant for his property .

Economic barriers to book publishing remains constant throughout the Third World .
economic barriers to book publishing [stays] constant throughout the third world .

Death rates increase approximately in proportion to the duration of smoking : doubling the duration of smoking from 10 to 20 years increases the incidence of lung cancer 16 times if daily cigarette consumption remains constant [ 2 ] .
death rates increase approximately in proportion to the duration of smoking : doubling the duration of smoking from 10 to 20 years increases the incidence of lung cancer 16 times if daily cigarette consumption [stays] constant [ 2 ] .

Since the de Mazia Trust remains the most forceful opponent of the current Barnes leadership ( and a major source of operating funds for the Barnes Foundation ) , serious doubts about its legitimacy would lift a major obstacle from the Barnes board 's freedom of movement .
since the de mazia trust [stays] the most forceful opponent of the current barnes leadership ( and a major source of operating funds for the barnes foundation ) , serious doubts about its legitimacy would lift a major obstacle from the barnes board 's freedom of movement .

The establishment of a core group of drawings to be used as a starting point for the attribution of other sheets on stylistic grounds remains the principal method of research and Mr Royalton-Kisch felt that the present exhibition has contributed to the furtherance of this work which , in the case of the British Museum , has whittled down the number of sheets from the 106 accepted by Benesch to eighty-four .
the establishment of a core group of drawings to be used as a starting point for the attribution of other sheets on stylistic grounds [stays] the principal method of research and mr royalton-kisch felt that the present exhibition has contributed to the furtherance of this work which , in the case of the british museum , has whittled down the number of sheets from the 106 accepted by benesch to eighty-four .

If the exhibition ‘ Genova nell ’ età barocca ’ , therefore , fails to rival the success of the 1963 Turin ‘ Barocco piemontese ’ , which made a convincing case for the distinctiveness and the distinction of the visual arts of Genoa 's northern neighbour , its catalogue will provide a useful introduction to the history of a city and a sovereignty whose political and artistic importance remains sadly undervalued and underanalysed outside of Liguria .
if the exhibition ‘ genova nell ’ età barocca ’ , therefore , fails to rival the success of the 1963 turin ‘ barocco piemontese ’ , which made a convincing case for the distinctiveness and the distinction of the visual arts of genoa 's northern neighbour , its catalogue will provide a useful introduction to the history of a city and a sovereignty whose political and artistic importance [stays] sadly undervalued and underanalysed outside of liguria .

Whether this is good or bad remains to be seen , but the country has now opened up and according to the law , the owner of a Rembrandt drawing or a Cranach painting may sell it to anyone offering the right price .
whether this is good or bad [stays] to be seen , but the country has now opened up and according to the law , the owner of a rembrandt drawing or a cranach painting may sell it to anyone offering the right price .

Marie-Claire Valle-Bloaise , a campaigner , says : ‘ What is really odd is that the whole city wants to save these remains of our past .
marie-claire valle-bloaise , a campaigner , says : ‘ what is really odd is that the whole city wants to save these [stays] of our past .

Middle Palaeolithic ( Old Stone Age ) rock shelter with stone tool industry and Neanderthal remains .
middle palaeolithic ( old stone age ) rock shelter with stone tool industry and neanderthal [stays] .

Very extensive medieval and Islamic remains .
very extensive medieval and islamic [stays] .

Captain Cook material remains in demand as so little survives outside public collections .
captain cook material [stays] in demand as so little survives outside public collections .

He has since visited Chernobyl and the sarcophagus built to contain what remains of reactor no.4 .
he has since visited chernobyl and the sarcophagus built to contain what [stays] of reactor no.4 .

On this subject , there has been criticism of Nikolai Gubyenko for turning the remains of the old Soviet Ministry of Culture into a Russian centre for the creative intelligentsia .
on this subject , there has been criticism of nikolai gubyenko for turning the [stays] of the old soviet ministry of culture into a russian centre for the creative intelligentsia .

The prohibition of discrimination on grounds of nationality remains a cornerstone of unification .
the prohibition of discrimination on grounds of nationality [stays] a cornerstone of unification .

The scope for member states to promote their own culture through funds and subsidies remains .
the scope for member states to promote their own culture through funds and subsidies [stays] .

Droit de suite remains on the Commission 's agenda for 1992 , although in view of its extensive programme in copyright-related matters there are unlikely to be any substantial recommendations or conclusions before next year .
droit de suite [stays] on the commission 's agenda for 1992 , although in view of its extensive programme in copyright-related matters there are unlikely to be any substantial recommendations or conclusions before next year .

There , botanical analysis of the carbonised seeds and charred remains of thin wooden fencing found in the soil has allowed the garden of the interior courtyard to be reconstructed .
there , botanical analysis of the carbonised seeds and charred [stays] of thin wooden fencing found in the soil has allowed the garden of the interior courtyard to be reconstructed .

Despite a reduction of gender differences in the occupational world in recent years , one occupational role remains entirely feminine : the role of housewife .
despite a reduction of gender differences in the occupational world in recent years , one occupational role [stays] entirely feminine : the role of housewife .

Economic barriers to book publishing remains constant throughout the Third World .
economic barriers to book publishing [stays] constant throughout the third world .

That 's an immense chunk of grant to allocate early on but it allows you to budget carefully the meagre remains .
that 's an immense chunk of grant to allocate early on but it allows you to budget carefully the meagre [stays] .

It remains true ( as Ng and Weisser , 1974 , show ) that a two-part tariff with a non-negative licence fee is socially preferable to a uniform price system in the sense that the welfare of the group is improved .
it [stays] true ( as ng and weisser , 1974 , show ) that a two-part tariff with a non-negative licence fee is socially preferable to a uniform price system in the sense that the welfare of the group is improved .

What caused the accident remains a mystery , although a cut in on of the rear tyres was discovered over a week later , but according to Lotus is was impossible to be categoric as to the real cause .
what caused the accident [stays] a mystery , although a cut in on of the rear tyres was discovered over a week later , but according to lotus is was impossible to be categoric as to the real cause .

Although the use of electronic media in the business world is increasing , there remains a vast amount of communication that takes place on paper .
although the use of electronic media in the business world is increasing , there [stays] a vast amount of communication that takes place on paper .

Even if the argument concerning whether semantic knowledge should be incorporated is upheld , there still remains the question of how it should be incorporated .
even if the argument concerning whether semantic knowledge should be incorporated is upheld , there still [stays] the question of how it should be incorporated .

It remains to be seen whether this process can be extended to other domains .
it [stays] to be seen whether this process can be extended to other domains .

Its principal strengths lie in the ability to ( a ) make selective use of available visual cues ( for fluent readers much of the visual stimulus remains unattended [ Just & Carpenter , 1987 ] ) and ( b ) utilise an understanding of the text that can guide the reading process and compensate for any degradation or ambiguity within the visual stimulus .
its principal strengths lie in the ability to ( a ) make selective use of available visual cues ( for fluent readers much of the visual stimulus [stays] unattended [ just & carpenter , 1987 ] ) and ( b ) utilise an understanding of the text that can guide the reading process and compensate for any degradation or ambiguity within the visual stimulus .

Even if the issue of architecture is resolved satisfactorily , or determined by some other overriding consideration , there still remains another problem : the combination of results .
even if the issue of architecture is resolved satisfactorily , or determined by some other overriding consideration , there still [stays] another problem : the combination of results .

However , the assignment of confidence ratings to the output of each analyser remains a highly contentious issue , and one that is discussed at greater length in Chapter Seven .
however , the assignment of confidence ratings to the output of each analyser [stays] a highly contentious issue , and one that is discussed at greater length in chapter seven .

In the first place there are difficulties with Foucault 's view of power which , as one critic put it , ‘ remains almost as a process , without specification within different instances ’ .
in the first place there are difficulties with foucault 's view of power which , as one critic put it , ‘ [stays] almost as a process , without specification within different instances ’ .

Noel 's colleagues all wish him well and the very best of health in his retirement , which fortunately is only partial since for the next few years he remains with us as Research Professor in German .
noel 's colleagues all wish him well and the very best of health in his retirement , which fortunately is only partial since for the next few years he [stays] with us as research professor in german .

It is no exaggeration to add that among graduates of the Department , Noel Thomas remains the member of staff who is remembered with most affection .
it is no exaggeration to add that among graduates of the department , noel thomas [stays] the member of staff who is remembered with most affection .

But it remains true that the cabinet , its members and senior officials concern themselves with broader issues and leave the trivia to underlings .
but it [stays] true that the cabinet , its members and senior officials concern themselves with broader issues and leave the trivia to underlings .

The creation of the Privy Council has already been discussed ; and it now remains to consider the changes in the Secretaryship of State , military and naval administration , finance , and the royal household .
the creation of the privy council has already been discussed ; and it now [stays] to consider the changes in the secretaryship of state , military and naval administration , finance , and the royal household .

Sri Lanka 's original capital , Anuradhapura , is a city of many ruinous stately buildings and ancient remains ; the 2500 year old Bo tree , Royal Pleasure Gardens and the Samadhi Buddha show the former grandeur of this city .
sri lanka 's original capital , anuradhapura , is a city of many ruinous stately buildings and ancient [stays] ; the 2500 year old bo tree , royal pleasure gardens and the samadhi buddha show the former grandeur of this city .

The mathematical precision which went into the development of hieroglyphics and the invention of paper resulted in an efficient and scientific method of building which still remains a mystery to modern day man .
the mathematical precision which went into the development of hieroglyphics and the invention of paper resulted in an efficient and scientific method of building which still [stays] a mystery to modern day man .

In both cases , the actual structure of authority between parent and child remains unchanged .
in both cases , the actual structure of authority between parent and child [stays] unchanged .

The history of children remains obscure — a happy speculative field for psychoanalysts , demographers and historical anthropologists , but attention , largely through the pioneer work of Philippe Aries , is steadily growing among conventional historians.1 And so it should .
the history of children [stays] obscure — a happy speculative field for psychoanalysts , demographers and historical anthropologists , but attention , largely through the pioneer work of philippe aries , is steadily growing among conventional historians.1 and so it should .

From the physical point of view , the human child is at its most vulnerable during and just after birth , and it remains ‘ at risk ’ , in the actuarial sense , throughout early childhood , particularly during what our society thinks of as the pre-school years .
from the physical point of view , the human child is at its most vulnerable during and just after birth , and it [stays] ‘ at risk ’ , in the actuarial sense , throughout early childhood , particularly during what our society thinks of as the pre-school years .

There are several signs in the twelfth edition that the writer still hankers for the old methods , despite the necessity for tempering some of the more repressive advice , and the book remains far more authoritarian in tone than more recently written baby books .
there are several signs in the twelfth edition that the writer still hankers for the old methods , despite the necessity for tempering some of the more repressive advice , and the book [stays] far more authoritarian in tone than more recently written baby books .

Of course there remains a core of consistency which would normally outweigh by far the fluctuations .
of course there [stays] a core of consistency which would normally outweigh by far the fluctuations .

The proposals themselves were generally positive and paved the way for community-based nursing to really move forward as a cohesive and dynamic force , but the fact remains that significant concerns have been raised , and the organisations and individuals concerned should at least have an explanation as to why these concerns can not be acted upon , if that is indeed the case .
the proposals themselves were generally positive and paved the way for community-based nursing to really move forward as a cohesive and dynamic force , but the fact [stays] that significant concerns have been raised , and the organisations and individuals concerned should at least have an explanation as to why these concerns can not be acted upon , if that is indeed the case .

When updated , the authors reiterated that this relationship remains evident in many healthcare settings .
when updated , the authors reiterated that this relationship [stays] evident in many healthcare settings .

Modern dressings have reduced the popularity of paste bandages and non-medicated tulles , but the inappropriate use of antiseptics , antibiotics and steroids still remains .
modern dressings have reduced the popularity of paste bandages and non-medicated tulles , but the inappropriate use of antiseptics , antibiotics and steroids still [stays] .

Nottingham Lace became , and remains today , re-known throughout the world .
nottingham lace became , and [stays] today , re-known throughout the world .

Acres of woodland and parkland , at the heart of which stand the remains of a 12th Century Cistercian Abbey which inside has exhibitions depicting the history of the monastery and country house .
acres of woodland and parkland , at the heart of which stand the [stays] of a 12th century cistercian abbey which inside has exhibitions depicting the history of the monastery and country house .

The legacy of isolation remains of fundamental importance .
the legacy of isolation [stays] of fundamental importance .

While the appetite for knowledge of concrete scientific and technical advancement remains unabated , abstract values have come under closer scrutiny .
while the appetite for knowledge of concrete scientific and technical advancement [stays] unabated , abstract values have come under closer scrutiny .

The Japan — Southeast Asia relationship is one of the pivotal ones of the pacific area , but the balance remains unequal .
the japan — southeast asia relationship is one of the pivotal ones of the pacific area , but the balance [stays] unequal .

The Korean community within Japan remains bitterly divided in its allegiance to north or south , and the ‘ two Korea ’ issue has plagued the issue of repatriation .
the korean community within japan [stays] bitterly divided in its allegiance to north or south , and the ‘ two korea ’ issue has plagued the issue of repatriation .

The non-Japanese community in Japan remains sufficiently small and discrete to highlight , rather than dilute , indigenous customs and attitudes .
the non-japanese community in japan [stays] sufficiently small and discrete to highlight , rather than dilute , indigenous customs and attitudes .

The rural idyll remains strongly evocative in most industrialized societies , but the emotional hold it formerly possessed over the minds of most Japanese has been substantially weakened .
the rural idyll [stays] strongly evocative in most industrialized societies , but the emotional hold it formerly possessed over the minds of most japanese has been substantially weakened .

The political influence of the countryside remains disproportionately strong , but in other respects it is now the urban centres which dominate the economic , social and cultural life of Japan .
the political influence of the countryside [stays] disproportionately strong , but in other respects it is now the urban centres which dominate the economic , social and cultural life of japan .

Despite the use of the telephone and the growing importance of electronic mail , the letter remains the most important communications channel between the business and the outside world .
despite the use of the telephone and the growing importance of electronic mail , the letter [stays] the most important communications channel between the business and the outside world .

But harmonization of this kind remains purely internal .
but harmonization of this kind [stays] purely internal .

It remains to be seen whether courts will be prepared to read such a provision into those Conventions , for example by reference to the requirement of good faith as a canon of interpretation .
it [stays] to be seen whether courts will be prepared to read such a provision into those conventions , for example by reference to the requirement of good faith as a canon of interpretation .

Under revolving facilities ( such as current account overdrafts and credit card facilities ) you may borrow in amounts and at times of your choosing ( subject to an agreed minimum withdrawal in certain cases ) , provided that the balance on your account remains within the agreed limit and that any agreed payments are made on time .
under revolving facilities ( such as current account overdrafts and credit card facilities ) you may borrow in amounts and at times of your choosing ( subject to an agreed minimum withdrawal in certain cases ) , provided that the balance on your account [stays] within the agreed limit and that any agreed payments are made on time .

Because this rate remains fixed throughout the period of the loan , however long that may be , your repayments will always be the same .
because this rate [stays] fixed throughout the period of the loan , however long that may be , your repayments will always be the same .

The rate of interest charged on the loan remains fixed throughout the term of the loan even if general interest rates rise before you have paid-off the money .
the rate of interest charged on the loan [stays] fixed throughout the term of the loan even if general interest rates rise before you have paid-off the money .

All eurocheque and eurocheque card transactions made through any Midland branch or cash machine are conducted free of all charges , providing your Midland Current Account remains in credit throughout a quarterly charging period .
all eurocheque and eurocheque card transactions made through any midland branch or cash machine are conducted free of all charges , providing your midland current account [stays] in credit throughout a quarterly charging period .

The net rate of interest payable to you remains fixed even if the level of composite rate tax changes during th course of the Bond .
the net rate of interest payable to you [stays] fixed even if the level of composite rate tax changes during th course of the bond .

In one , a Corporal inspected the remains of a blown up Libyan tank .
in one , a corporal inspected the [stays] of a blown up libyan tank .

Once these contingencies are removed from the picture , no — or very little — substantive conflict remains .
once these contingencies are removed from the picture , no — or very little — substantive conflict [stays] .

Trespass was , and generally so remains , a civil wrong .
trespass was , and generally so [stays] , a civil wrong .

But whether the balance of payments will allow the agreement to be carried out remains uncertain .
but whether the balance of payments will allow the agreement to be carried out [stays] uncertain .

In 1976 the pathetic remains of this once splendid vehicle — a single heat-warped axle — was presented to the Museum at Malmaison .
in 1976 the pathetic [stays] of this once splendid vehicle — a single heat-warped axle — was presented to the museum at malmaison .

However , its stance was no cruder than most war movies made during wartime ; and it remains the only major Hollywood film about Vietnam to be made while the war was being waged .
however , its stance was no cruder than most war movies made during wartime ; and it [stays] the only major hollywood film about vietnam to be made while the war was being waged .

Platoon was quickly followed by John Irvine 's Hamburger Hill ( 1987 ) , which remains the only Vietnam film to deal with a single significant operation that actually occurred .
platoon was quickly followed by john irvine 's hamburger hill ( 1987 ) , which [stays] the only vietnam film to deal with a single significant operation that actually occurred .

In Greenfield , however , it remains implicit although it is not too difficult to uncover .
in greenfield , however , it [stays] implicit although it is not too difficult to uncover .

This , however , remains problematic and unproven , if not unprovable .
this , however , [stays] problematic and unproven , if not unprovable .

‘ As long as residential care remains a Cinderella service , young people will continue to run away .
‘ as long as residential care [stays] a cinderella service , young people will continue to run away .

But a major difficulty remains : SSDs will be reluctant to commit themselves to picking up the bill for several months ' residential rehabilitation for someone who may have arrived in the area the previous week .
but a major difficulty [stays] : ssds will be reluctant to commit themselves to picking up the bill for several months ' residential rehabilitation for someone who may have arrived in the area the previous week .

What this requires in practice , however , remains ambiguous .
what this requires in practice , however , [stays] ambiguous .

’ Furthermore , it remains something of a puzzle that , when this movement did flourish during the 1920s and 1930s , Pound went out of his way to distance himself from it .
’ furthermore , it [stays] something of a puzzle that , when this movement did flourish during the 1920s and 1930s , pound went out of his way to distance himself from it .

In this position it is absolutely essential that the receptionist remains cool , calm and in control of the situation .
in this position it is absolutely essential that the receptionist [stays] cool , calm and in control of the situation .

Until the results of long term follow up are available the ability of our creatine kinase assay to detect Becker cases remains uncertain .
until the results of long term follow up are available the ability of our creatine kinase assay to detect becker cases [stays] uncertain .

Although the tasks of public health doctors are always changing , their goal remains firm : improving the health of the population .
although the tasks of public health doctors are always changing , their goal [stays] firm : improving the health of the population .

Although the use of streptomycin to treat tuberculosis has declined in Britain , the drug remains an essential component of treatment for some patients .
although the use of streptomycin to treat tuberculosis has declined in britain , the drug [stays] an essential component of treatment for some patients .

Where a rota system remains the most appropriate form of out of hours cover a consultant may have to be directly on call to an experienced senior house officer .
where a rota system [stays] the most appropriate form of out of hours cover a consultant may have to be directly on call to an experienced senior house officer .

Research on field independence in a wide sample of people has shown that it reaches its peak at fifteen years of age , remains on a plateau until the mid-thirties and thereafter declines .
research on field independence in a wide sample of people has shown that it reaches its peak at fifteen years of age , [stays] on a plateau until the mid-thirties and thereafter declines .

But some underlying patterning remains , despite the intervening years and the subtle shifts in values and beliefs .
but some underlying patterning [stays] , despite the intervening years and the subtle shifts in values and beliefs .

Work , if not career or employment , remains a primary source of goal satisfaction for all people .
work , if not career or employment , [stays] a primary source of goal satisfaction for all people .

Nevertheless , structure remains a dominant goal for many people .
nevertheless , structure [stays] a dominant goal for many people .

The ‘ need ’ theorists ' concept of self-actualization or self fulfilment has a long history ( Jung , Adler , Goldstein , Rogers ) yet remains one of the fuzziest and least developed in psychology .
the ‘ need ’ theorists ' concept of self-actualization or self fulfilment has a long history ( jung , adler , goldstein , rogers ) yet [stays] one of the fuzziest and least developed in psychology .

Through this process of the return to the mean or average , the superbly intelligent , highly motivated race remains an illusion .
through this process of the return to the mean or average , the superbly intelligent , highly motivated race [stays] an illusion .

Preparation for retirement remains one of our least developed life stages .
preparation for retirement [stays] one of our least developed life stages .

National culture clearly has an impact , but it remains one of the least researched areas of business .
national culture clearly has an impact , but it [stays] one of the least researched areas of business .

By signalling attitudes and intentions towards one another — it is off-putting to try to communicate honestly with someone who remains totally bland , giving no verbal or non-verbal clues as to agreement or disagreement .
by signalling attitudes and intentions towards one another — it is off-putting to try to communicate honestly with someone who [stays] totally bland , giving no verbal or non-verbal clues as to agreement or disagreement .

Often there is little , if any , human interaction but the power link remains to control behaviours and induce compliance .
often there is little , if any , human interaction but the power link [stays] to control behaviours and induce compliance .

If one group does win the competition , that group remains cohesive , releasing tension through playful activities , and remains highly cooperative ( although it may also become complacent ) .
if one group does win the competition , that group [stays] cohesive , releasing tension through playful activities , and [stays] highly cooperative ( although it may also become complacent ) .

Intravenous acetylcysteine remains the antidote of choice in Britain for patients presenting to medical care early enough ; oral methionine , another precursor of hepatic glutathione , is probably inferior to acetylcysteine as vomiting is common after overdose and metabolism to glutathione may be impaired by increasing liver dysfunction .
intravenous acetylcysteine [stays] the antidote of choice in britain for patients presenting to medical care early enough ; oral methionine , another precursor of hepatic glutathione , is probably inferior to acetylcysteine as vomiting is common after overdose and metabolism to glutathione may be impaired by increasing liver dysfunction .

Although the prothrombin time remains the best and most readily available measure of liver function in such cases , arterial acidosis ( pH < 7.30 ) and renal failure also indicate an adverse prognosis .
although the prothrombin time [stays] the best and most readily available measure of liver function in such cases , arterial acidosis ( ph < 7.30 ) and renal failure also indicate an adverse prognosis .

It remains possible that a few patients are susceptible to a change in insulin species , and obviously patients who are unhappy with human insulin should not remain on it .
it [stays] possible that a few patients are susceptible to a change in insulin species , and obviously patients who are unhappy with human insulin should not remain on it .

Although systemic blood pressure remains normal , glomerular capillary hydraulic pressure becomes raised because of the imbalance between vasodilatation of the vessels before the glomerulus and vasoconstriction of those after the glomerulus .
although systemic blood pressure [stays] normal , glomerular capillary hydraulic pressure becomes raised because of the imbalance between vasodilatation of the vessels before the glomerulus and vasoconstriction of those after the glomerulus .

Congress has not become a parliamentary poodle or a mere captive of the executive branch ; it remains an imposing and fractious body , fully capable of defending its position and thwarting presidential ambitions .
congress has not become a parliamentary poodle or a mere captive of the executive branch ; it [stays] an imposing and fractious body , fully capable of defending its position and thwarting presidential ambitions .

Nevertheless , if congress has largely surrendered the positive power to initiate legislation to the executive , it remains a formidable negative force .
nevertheless , if congress has largely surrendered the positive power to initiate legislation to the executive , it [stays] a formidable negative force .

In the domestic policy arena , there can be no doubt that the legislature remains an institution of great consequence ; however , in the overlapping realms of foreign and defence policy , the pendulum of power has swung rather more sharply in the direction of the president .
in the domestic policy arena , there can be no doubt that the legislature [stays] an institution of great consequence ; however , in the overlapping realms of foreign and defence policy , the pendulum of power has swung rather more sharply in the direction of the president .

In short , despite some loss of power congress remains an institution of genuine weight unlike the situation in Britain where
in short , despite some loss of power congress [stays] an institution of genuine weight unlike the situation in britain where

In doing so they invested Russian literature with a moral passion and intensity which remains breath-taking .
in doing so they invested russian literature with a moral passion and intensity which [stays] breath-taking .

, deputy vice-chancellor ( research ) at the University of Witwatersrand , says that the share of the budget going to universities ‘ remains dangerously inadequate by international standards ’ .
, deputy vice-chancellor ( research ) at the university of witwatersrand , says that the share of the budget going to universities ‘ [stays] dangerously inadequate by international standards ’ .

Some 300,000 years ago , the remains of at least 24 people somehow found their way into the Sima de los Huesos , a small chamber deep within a cave in the Sierra de Atapuerca , northern Spain .
some 300,000 years ago , the [stays] of at least 24 people somehow found their way into the sima de los huesos , a small chamber deep within a cave in the sierra de atapuerca , northern spain .

Smoking remains the commonest cause of premature death and ill health in the United Kingdom .
smoking [stays] the commonest cause of premature death and ill health in the united kingdom .

In cases in which liver transplantation remains the only option , such a suppression of viral activity may reduce the risk of infection of the graft .
in cases in which liver transplantation [stays] the only option , such a suppression of viral activity may reduce the risk of infection of the graft .

However , it still remains a scheme that is limited to a relatively small proportion of practices .
however , it still [stays] a scheme that is limited to a relatively small proportion of practices .

Nevertheless , there remains a high risk of fetal damage in offspring of women with the disease , and the possibility that the diets themselves may be harmful can not be excluded .
nevertheless , there [stays] a high risk of fetal damage in offspring of women with the disease , and the possibility that the diets themselves may be harmful can not be excluded .

However , the identity of the critical biochemical events leading to cerebral damage , and to damage to the fetus in pregnancy , remains uncertain .
however , the identity of the critical biochemical events leading to cerebral damage , and to damage to the fetus in pregnancy , [stays] uncertain .

However , this remains speculation and in any case seems an unlikely explanation for microcephaly , hypomyelination , and myelin loss .
however , this [stays] speculation and in any case seems an unlikely explanation for microcephaly , hypomyelination , and myelin loss .

At its core was very bad news : it remains true that the Tobacco Institute of Australia was guilty in 1986 of misleading and deceiving the Australian public about the existence of evidence which might ( according to many ) be reasonably said to prove that passive smoking was harmful .
at its core was very bad news : it [stays] true that the tobacco institute of australia was guilty in 1986 of misleading and deceiving the australian public about the existence of evidence which might ( according to many ) be reasonably said to prove that passive smoking was harmful .

Whether or not it is a genuine member remains doubtful .
whether or not it is a genuine member [stays] doubtful .

The role of the military in the transition to ultranationalist authoritarianism in the 1930s remains controversial .
the role of the military in the transition to ultranationalist authoritarianism in the 1930s [stays] controversial .

What remains to be explored is how far labour gives loyalty as a voluntary commitment .
what [stays] to be explored is how far labour gives loyalty as a voluntary commitment .

Whether this is out of personal preference or a sense of obligatory requirement remains an intriguing and much debated question .
whether this is out of personal preference or a sense of obligatory requirement [stays] an intriguing and much debated question .

For this reason it remains consistent with the information in the Cross-reference table .
for this reason it [stays] consistent with the information in the cross-reference table .

The best way to define the choice structure remains a matter of research .
the best way to define the choice structure [stays] a matter of research .

Remove this rubbish , old pieces of sugared cotton-wool and other remains of uneaten food .
remove this rubbish , old pieces of sugared cotton-wool and other [stays] of uneaten food .

In the United Kingdom , as opposed to the United States , this remains a comparatively unregulated line of business , conducted through hectic but meticulously planned sales campaigns .
in the united kingdom , as opposed to the united states , this [stays] a comparatively unregulated line of business , conducted through hectic but meticulously planned sales campaigns .

The unpredictability remains even when we have read to the end of the couplet .
the unpredictability [stays] even when we have read to the end of the couplet .

for the remains of what might have been .
for the [stays] of what might have been .

But the question remains , how confident can we be that a formula score is truly representative of the overall difficulty level ?
but the question [stays] , how confident can we be that a formula score is truly representative of the overall difficulty level ?

The question which remains is that of minimum sample size and , in general , other researchers have tended to avoid applying formulae to texts of less than 150 words in length .
the question which [stays] is that of minimum sample size and , in general , other researchers have tended to avoid applying formulae to texts of less than 150 words in length .

It will be interesting to see the extent to which cloze remains a key concept in future readability studies .
it will be interesting to see the extent to which cloze [stays] a key concept in future readability studies .

Nevertheless , the writing remains as something separate from the experience and if teachers do not know how they can usefully respond to the writing as a text , then their part in helping children improve their writing is insignificant .
nevertheless , the writing [stays] as something separate from the experience and if teachers do not know how they can usefully respond to the writing as a text , then their part in helping children improve their writing is insignificant .

It remains to a great extent subjective and may therefore be open to disagreement in analysis .
it [stays] to a great extent subjective and may therefore be open to disagreement in analysis .

There is a good chance of being disturbed by a wandering monster the longer Samson remains in a particular location . )
there is a good chance of being disturbed by a wandering monster the longer samson [stays] in a particular location . )

The task of uncovering , or recovering , the ideas and aspirations of these hidden majorities has been started , but remains perhaps the central project for historians in a democratic age .
the task of uncovering , or recovering , the ideas and aspirations of these hidden majorities has been started , but [stays] perhaps the central project for historians in a democratic age .

This is hardly an optimistic conclusion either , since the problem remains of how such equality is to be created if not by elected government itself .
this is hardly an optimistic conclusion either , since the problem [stays] of how such equality is to be created if not by elected government itself .

This may be thought to give some substance to the notion of representation , which otherwise remains remarkably vague and undemanding in the Burkean version .
this may be thought to give some substance to the notion of representation , which otherwise [stays] remarkably vague and undemanding in the burkean version .

But even when consent is given a more positive content , and a definite `` yes `` is required rather than the mere absence of `` no `` , it remains an indelibly passive concept .
but even when consent is given a more positive content , and a definite `` yes `` is required rather than the mere absence of `` no `` , it [stays] an indelibly passive concept .

The principle of fixed-date elections has never been established : instead choosing the date of the general election remains one of the vast range of powers of patronage and manipulation in the hands of the incumbent prime minister .
the principle of fixed-date elections has never been established : instead choosing the date of the general election [stays] one of the vast range of powers of patronage and manipulation in the hands of the incumbent prime minister .

Subsistence farming remains the main form of economic activity but the problems of insufficient or inadequate lands , heavy indebtedness and lack of credits have made it more and more difficult for families to survive by farming alone .
subsistence farming [stays] the main form of economic activity but the problems of insufficient or inadequate lands , heavy indebtedness and lack of credits have made it more and more difficult for families to survive by farming alone .

Because the risks involved are now too great , much of the work of the Christian communities has been abandoned , but religious and lay followers of the Popular Church consider that Romero remains their spiritual leader and continue to provide important support to the opposition :
because the risks involved are now too great , much of the work of the christian communities has been abandoned , but religious and lay followers of the popular church consider that romero [stays] their spiritual leader and continue to provide important support to the opposition :

Mexico City , May 1983 The new Archbishop Rivera y Damas remains outspoken on human rights violations and continues much of the legal work sponsored by the former Archbishop . However , he is regarded as a less vocal critic of the government , has banned the study of the Medellin documents and asked nuns and priests to withdraw from their community work on the grounds that it had become too dangerous :
mexico city , may 1983 the new archbishop rivera y damas [stays] outspoken on human rights violations and continues much of the legal work sponsored by the former archbishop . however , he is regarded as a less vocal critic of the government , has banned the study of the medellin documents and asked nuns and priests to withdraw from their community work on the grounds that it had become too dangerous :

When newly formed it is flexible and elastic and in many larvae it remains so over much of the body .
when newly formed it is flexible and elastic and in many larvae it [stays] so over much of the body .

The cuticle of an insect forms a more or less hardened exoskeleton and , although perfectly continuous over the whole body , it remains flexible along certain definite , usually transverse , lines .
the cuticle of an insect forms a more or less hardened exoskeleton and , although perfectly continuous over the whole body , it [stays] flexible along certain definite , usually transverse , lines .

Between adjacent segments , the cuticle remains membranous and becomes infolded to form the articular membrane .
between adjacent segments , the cuticle [stays] membranous and becomes infolded to form the articular membrane .

The postmentum remains undivided in the Thysanura , Isoptera and some higher orders but in many Orthopteroid insects it is divided transversely into a distal mentum and a proximal submentum .
the postmentum [stays] undivided in the thysanura , isoptera and some higher orders but in many orthopteroid insects it is divided transversely into a distal mentum and a proximal submentum .

The metalinguistic view remains in several ways odd and indeed unsuccessful when regarded in the more plausible way .
the metalinguistic view [stays] in several ways odd and indeed unsuccessful when regarded in the more plausible way .

One thing remains to be noticed .
one thing [stays] to be noticed .

The prerogative gives the state widespread powers regarding the disposition and control of the armed forces , power to take action in an emergency , authority to make treaties and declarations of war and peace , and still remains of some importance in foreign affairs .
the prerogative gives the state widespread powers regarding the disposition and control of the armed forces , power to take action in an emergency , authority to make treaties and declarations of war and peace , and still [stays] of some importance in foreign affairs .

How strictly the section is to be construed remains in some doubt .
how strictly the section is to be construed [stays] in some doubt .

In return for recognising the legality of the police practice of detaining suspects after arrest , but before charge , the Act attempts to give some protection to the suspect by imposing time limits on the period of detention , by introducing a system of review to ensure that detention remains necessary and by introducing a series of statutory rights supervised by the custody officer , and a Code of Practice on Detention and Questioning .
in return for recognising the legality of the police practice of detaining suspects after arrest , but before charge , the act attempts to give some protection to the suspect by imposing time limits on the period of detention , by introducing a system of review to ensure that detention [stays] necessary and by introducing a series of statutory rights supervised by the custody officer , and a code of practice on detention and questioning .

If the section 12 powers are judged insufficient and there remains a risk of serious public disorder , there is a power , under section 13 , to ban processions for any period up to three months .
if the section 12 powers are judged insufficient and there [stays] a risk of serious public disorder , there is a power , under section 13 , to ban processions for any period up to three months .

While much remains to be explained about dreaming , a number of findings have been made which are by now uncontentious among scientists .
while much [stays] to be explained about dreaming , a number of findings have been made which are by now uncontentious among scientists .

This is very much in line with the evidence for repression in everyday life — while convincing anecdotal accounts certainly exist , as does some good experimental evidence for repression in the laboratory , the theory remains unconvincing as an explanation for most of what we forget .
this is very much in line with the evidence for repression in everyday life — while convincing anecdotal accounts certainly exist , as does some good experimental evidence for repression in the laboratory , the theory [stays] unconvincing as an explanation for most of what we forget .

Whether the incorporation actually protected sleep , as the Freudian theory would predict , or whether incorporation was the consequence of delayed arousal remains unclear .
whether the incorporation actually protected sleep , as the freudian theory would predict , or whether incorporation was the consequence of delayed arousal [stays] unclear .

Freud 's analysis of dreaming remains the most influential single account that we have .
freud 's analysis of dreaming [stays] the most influential single account that we have .

During waking life primary process thinking is displaced during the child 's development by secondary process thinking , and in the adult it remains as a neurotic symptom , most clearly during dreaming , but also operating at a subconscious level to influence waking behaviour .
during waking life primary process thinking is displaced during the child 's development by secondary process thinking , and in the adult it [stays] as a neurotic symptom , most clearly during dreaming , but also operating at a subconscious level to influence waking behaviour .

Lapse Theory can be invoked to explain all the results described above , but it remains unclear whether the lapses in attention induced by lowered arousal are the only important symptoms of sleep loss .
lapse theory can be invoked to explain all the results described above , but it [stays] unclear whether the lapses in attention induced by lowered arousal are the only important symptoms of sleep loss .

As an animal-headed human figure , his sacred animal remains unidentified and could be mythical with its dog and antelope elements .
as an animal-headed human figure , his sacred animal [stays] unidentified and could be mythical with its dog and antelope elements .

This must be done very carefully to ensure that the opening of the oviduct remains intact since it is extremely difficult to insert a needle once it has been damaged .
this must be done very carefully to ensure that the opening of the oviduct [stays] intact since it is extremely difficult to insert a needle once it has been damaged .

The exact origin and time of the delamination of gut endoderm remains unclear .
the exact origin and time of the delamination of gut endoderm [stays] unclear .

Consequently , the gut remains open to the yolk cavity longer in the trunk region than elsewhere ( Figure 1e ) .
consequently , the gut [stays] open to the yolk cavity longer in the trunk region than elsewhere ( figure 1e ) .

Nonetheless , during a phase of such rapid change , even 24 h is sufficient to observe extensive differentiation and morphogenesis and so despite its present inadequacies whole mouse embryo culture remains an invaluable tool for the study of post-implantation development .
nonetheless , during a phase of such rapid change , even 24 h is sufficient to observe extensive differentiation and morphogenesis and so despite its present inadequacies whole mouse embryo culture [stays] an invaluable tool for the study of post-implantation development .

It remains difficult to measure precisely the success of a campaign or event when the purpose of the exercise may not include media targets where clippings and recording serve to show the audience reached .
it [stays] difficult to measure precisely the success of a campaign or event when the purpose of the exercise may not include media targets where clippings and recording serve to show the audience reached .

Even here the quality of that achievement remains more important than sheer numbers .
even here the quality of that achievement [stays] more important than sheer numbers .

The fact remains that men 's leisure-time activities are much more visible to history , more organized and perhaps to some extent seen as more legitimate .
the fact [stays] that men 's leisure-time activities are much more visible to history , more organized and perhaps to some extent seen as more legitimate .

Some theatre staff take over on the patient 's arrival in the theatre suite and keep the patient until he is fully recovered and conscious , while in other theatres the ward nurse remains with her patient until he is fully anaesthetized fin some cases the ward nurse assists the anaesthetist ] and returns to collect the patient who is not fully conscious and still under the effect of the anaesthetic .
some theatre staff take over on the patient 's arrival in the theatre suite and keep the patient until he is fully recovered and conscious , while in other theatres the ward nurse [stays] with her patient until he is fully anaesthetized fin some cases the ward nurse assists the anaesthetist ] and returns to collect the patient who is not fully conscious and still under the effect of the anaesthetic .

Whether or not an effective school library should depend on voluntary labour and charity remains a specific instance of a wider political issue which schools across the nation face daily .
whether or not an effective school library should depend on voluntary labour and charity [stays] a specific instance of a wider political issue which schools across the nation face daily .

The status of a library committee in the Minor Project remains somewhat unclear .
the status of a library committee in the minor project [stays] somewhat unclear .

While the ideal perhaps remains the appointment of full-time professional librarians with a dual teaching qualification , at present this is for most schools in most LEAs a pipe dream .
while the ideal perhaps [stays] the appointment of full-time professional librarians with a dual teaching qualification , at present this is for most schools in most leas a pipe dream .

The degree to which any particular development is exclusively attributable to the project remains a moot point , but in our view this is less important than the degree to which the project complemented and extended existing and coincidental developments , and in this respect the project has been most successful .
the degree to which any particular development is exclusively attributable to the project [stays] a moot point , but in our view this is less important than the degree to which the project complemented and extended existing and coincidental developments , and in this respect the project has been most successful .

Their main responsibility remains the smooth running of the department .
their main responsibility [stays] the smooth running of the department .

So it only remains for me to say from all of us , have a wonderful Christmas and an even happier New Year .
so it only [stays] for me to say from all of us , have a wonderful christmas and an even happier new year .

What remains to be seen is how far to the right each country , each nationality will go .
what [stays] to be seen is how far to the right each country , each nationality will go .

No advertiser has yet tried to sell condoms to the sounds of Lulu or holiday cruises to Peter Grimes ; in the popular imagination opera remains historically remote , an elegant , escapist art form .
no advertiser has yet tried to sell condoms to the sounds of lulu or holiday cruises to peter grimes ; in the popular imagination opera [stays] historically remote , an elegant , escapist art form .

Unfortunately , the annual rent of land ‘ trickles down ’ into the pockets of land-holders and the bulk of it remains there .
unfortunately , the annual rent of land ‘ trickles down ’ into the pockets of land-holders and the bulk of it [stays] there .

But it remains difficult to see how the paper tiger can avoid being shredded over the next two or three years .
but it [stays] difficult to see how the paper tiger can avoid being shredded over the next two or three years .

Moreover , while fundamentalism can , at least to some extent , appeal to what remains of genuine custom and tradition or past practice as embodied in religious practice , nationalism in itself is either hostile to the real ways of the past , or arises on its ruins .
moreover , while fundamentalism can , at least to some extent , appeal to what [stays] of genuine custom and tradition or past practice as embodied in religious practice , nationalism in itself is either hostile to the real ways of the past , or arises on its ruins .

Yet ethnicity can mobilise the vast majority of its community — provided its appeal remains sufficiently vague or irrelevant .
yet ethnicity can mobilise the vast majority of its community — provided its appeal [stays] sufficiently vague or irrelevant .

What was written almost 30 years ago remains substantially true : ‘ Countries including many language and culture groups , like most African and Asian ones , have not split up , and those taking in only part of a single language group , like the Arab ones and North Africa , have … not united .
what was written almost 30 years ago [stays] substantially true : ‘ countries including many language and culture groups , like most african and asian ones , have not split up , and those taking in only part of a single language group , like the arab ones and north africa , have … not united .

All that postmodernism has been able to do is signal the demise and loss of all we have held dear , and it remains for another generation of artists to pull us out of the mire .
all that postmodernism has been able to do is signal the demise and loss of all we have held dear , and it [stays] for another generation of artists to pull us out of the mire .

He continues later : ‘ Italy remains , as always , a storehouse of fine singers entirely devoid of intelligence .
he continues later : ‘ italy [stays] , as always , a storehouse of fine singers entirely devoid of intelligence .

Despite so much storm and stress in his early life , Gavrilov remains cheerfully outgoing and resilient , relishing the controversy and point-counter-point that surrounds his performances .
despite so much storm and stress in his early life , gavrilov [stays] cheerfully outgoing and resilient , relishing the controversy and point-counter-point that surrounds his performances .

The concertino group of two violins and cello remains the same , of course , though the composition of the continuo group frequently changes .
the concertino group of two violins and cello [stays] the same , of course , though the composition of the continuo group frequently changes .

The composer did have the opportunity to revise and shorten the Second Symphony , but it remains as long as the First , and needs a strong forward motivation which it certainly receives here .
the composer did have the opportunity to revise and shorten the second symphony , but it [stays] as long as the first , and needs a strong forward motivation which it certainly receives here .

So , while these discs are very enjoyable , my allegiance among recent Nutcrackers remains with Ashkenazy on Decca , who offers an equally enticing version of Glazunov 's Seasons , a far more enterprising coupling than yet another Sleeping Beauty suite .
so , while these discs are very enjoyable , my allegiance among recent nutcrackers [stays] with ashkenazy on decca , who offers an equally enticing version of glazunov 's seasons , a far more enterprising coupling than yet another sleeping beauty suite .

It remains a mystery to me why we should have had to wait as long as this for a recital disc , and why it should not have appeared on one of the major companies ' labels ( all credit to Delos ) .
it [stays] a mystery to me why we should have had to wait as long as this for a recital disc , and why it should not have appeared on one of the major companies ' labels ( all credit to delos ) .

There is , of course , much to dazzle here , but in the end one remains disappointed that there is not more self- discipline .
there is , of course , much to dazzle here , but in the end one [stays] disappointed that there is not more self- discipline .

We have published reviews of a fair number of headphones in recent years and there is ample evidence that this uniquely personal and involving method of listening to music remains very popular .
we have published reviews of a fair number of headphones in recent years and there is ample evidence that this uniquely personal and involving method of listening to music [stays] very popular .

The overall style of the loudspeaker remains much as before but the visual appeal has been strengthened with the use of real wood side mouldings , contoured , bevelled cabinet edges and an attractive new plinth which now includes a compartment intended to be filled with lead shot or sand to enhance stability .
the overall style of the loudspeaker [stays] much as before but the visual appeal has been strengthened with the use of real wood side mouldings , contoured , bevelled cabinet edges and an attractive new plinth which now includes a compartment intended to be filled with lead shot or sand to enhance stability .

Responsibility may be delegated to committees or indeed to officers , but the legal power to act remains with the council .
responsibility may be delegated to committees or indeed to officers , but the legal power to act [stays] with the council .

Such devices are now clearly illegal , but the question remains open with regard to the presence of officers at party group meetings as such .
such devices are now clearly illegal , but the question [stays] open with regard to the presence of officers at party group meetings as such .

We have already discussed the relationship of officers to party groups and the new statutory powers given to three senior officers , but there remains the controversial issue of limiting the political activities of officers .
we have already discussed the relationship of officers to party groups and the new statutory powers given to three senior officers , but there [stays] the controversial issue of limiting the political activities of officers .

This traditional form of taxation remains in an amended form for non-domestic ratepayers but domestic rates have been replaced by the community charge , or poll tax as it is popularly known .
this traditional form of taxation [stays] in an amended form for non-domestic ratepayers but domestic rates have been replaced by the community charge , or poll tax as it is popularly known .

Now more of a sex vixen than the innocent girl next door it remains to be seen if one can retain her teeny bop audience while aiming for the ( slightly ) more mature rock audience .
now more of a sex vixen than the innocent girl next door it [stays] to be seen if one can retain her teeny bop audience while aiming for the ( slightly ) more mature rock audience .

Catholicism , for its many faults , acknowledges the terrors of the waking world , the black void of the individual soul and the need to fill what little time remains with homage to loss , to death , and to fear .
catholicism , for its many faults , acknowledges the terrors of the waking world , the black void of the individual soul and the need to fill what little time [stays] with homage to loss , to death , and to fear .

Despite all this , there remains a widespread ignorance and rejection of a sociological perspective when people think about human behaviour .
despite all this , there [stays] a widespread ignorance and rejection of a sociological perspective when people think about human behaviour .

However , the fact remains that demands are made on sociology to ‘ pay its way ’ , to produce practical returns which can be utilised for policy purposes .
however , the fact [stays] that demands are made on sociology to ‘ pay its way ’ , to produce practical returns which can be utilised for policy purposes .

And this remains throughout life , for the old occupy a much higher status in primitive society than they do in societies like ours .
and this [stays] throughout life , for the old occupy a much higher status in primitive society than they do in societies like ours .

The dynamics of capital accumulation thus ensure that property is distributed unequally , and that it remains so .
the dynamics of capital accumulation thus ensure that property is distributed unequally , and that it [stays] so .

It is clear , though , that there remains a very wealthy minority who can not reasonably be regarded as ‘ middle class ’ .
it is clear , though , that there [stays] a very wealthy minority who can not reasonably be regarded as ‘ middle class ’ .

The fact remains , however , that the poor are not simply at the bottom of the stratification hierarchy , but are almost , in a sense , outside the margins of that hierarchy .
the fact [stays] , however , that the poor are not simply at the bottom of the stratification hierarchy , but are almost , in a sense , outside the margins of that hierarchy .

Despite reports of ‘ fabulous ’ wages earned by manual workers the receipt of low pay remains the fate of many workers in Western industrial economies .
despite reports of ‘ fabulous ’ wages earned by manual workers the receipt of low pay [stays] the fate of many workers in western industrial economies .

Though large families are less widespread in the twentieth century , the large family still remains vulnerable to poverty , if relatively less so than in the nineteenth century .
though large families are less widespread in the twentieth century , the large family still [stays] vulnerable to poverty , if relatively less so than in the nineteenth century .

The addition of subsequent mouths to feed merely compounds the problem , and this remains true despite the accompanying welfare state provisions of family allowance and so on .
the addition of subsequent mouths to feed merely compounds the problem , and this [stays] true despite the accompanying welfare state provisions of family allowance and so on .

However , Table 2.6 shows the long-term trends , with upward mobility rising and downward moves declining , though the overall proportion of sons moving occupational level compared with their fathers remains fairly constant .
however , table 2.6 shows the long-term trends , with upward mobility rising and downward moves declining , though the overall proportion of sons moving occupational level compared with their fathers [stays] fairly constant .

Since the working class remains much bigger than the middle class , a small proportion of manual sons provides sufficient numbers to fill many of the higher-level vacancies .
since the working class [stays] much bigger than the middle class , a small proportion of manual sons provides sufficient numbers to fill many of the higher-level vacancies .

Now the side of the fridge looks like a battleground with the remains of all the sticky fixers that hold the plastic catches on .
now the side of the fridge looks like a battleground with the [stays] of all the sticky fixers that hold the plastic catches on .

The trust and the Iona Community have achieved a miraculous compromise — the sacred atmosphere of the island remains virtually untainted by commercialism and yet a resident community thrives here , with a parish church , a school , two hotels , two farms and 18 crofts .
the trust and the iona community have achieved a miraculous compromise — the sacred atmosphere of the island [stays] virtually untainted by commercialism and yet a resident community thrives here , with a parish church , a school , two hotels , two farms and 18 crofts .

Unemployment in Andalusia is the highest in Spain and the workforce remains , to a large degree , uneducated and unskilled .
unemployment in andalusia is the highest in spain and the workforce [stays] , to a large degree , uneducated and unskilled .

John Lyons ( ‘ Trade unions plugged in ’ Management Today , January 1991 ) gives a glimpse of how the thinking of some senior trade union officials in Britain remains stuck in the dark ages .
john lyons ( ‘ trade unions plugged in ’ management today , january 1991 ) gives a glimpse of how the thinking of some senior trade union officials in britain [stays] stuck in the dark ages .

Flat prospects have seen the share prices plummet by two-thirds : Green has relinquished the chief executive role , though he remains chairman .
flat prospects have seen the share prices plummet by two-thirds : green has relinquished the chief executive role , though he [stays] chairman .

He remains a major shareholder , but his shares are worth only a fraction of their '84 value .
he [stays] a major shareholder , but his shares are worth only a fraction of their '84 value .

But even if the Church takes this controversial step , there remains the fact that it has few structures for evaluating its chief resource .
but even if the church takes this controversial step , there [stays] the fact that it has few structures for evaluating its chief resource .

Nonetheless , when one 's spiritual master remains silent , it can be comforting to have a pat on the back from an authorised agent .
nonetheless , when one 's spiritual master [stays] silent , it can be comforting to have a pat on the back from an authorised agent .

But despite fame arriving so suddenly , Zeelenberg remains disarmingly friendly , polite and relaxed .
but despite fame arriving so suddenly , zeelenberg [stays] disarmingly friendly , polite and relaxed .

No simple agreed explanation is available ; it remains a major problem in demography
no simple agreed explanation is available ; it [stays] a major problem in demography

Even in 1911 over three-quarters of the British people lived in urban districts , the proportion being less in Northern Ireland where Belfast remains the only large industrial city .
even in 1911 over three-quarters of the british people lived in urban districts , the proportion being less in northern ireland where belfast [stays] the only large industrial city .

Despite decentralization , the British population remains highly concentrated in the urban cores ( Champion et al .
despite decentralization , the british population [stays] highly concentrated in the urban cores ( champion et al .

Any subsequent slowdown in out-migration may thus lead to natural growth as this group remains in the city to start a family
any subsequent slowdown in out-migration may thus lead to natural growth as this group [stays] in the city to start a family

Fertility still remains low , despite lower pill use .
fertility still [stays] low , despite lower pill use .

Whether they can predict the future remains to be seen , Short-range time-series projections of fertility are reported to be promising ( de Cooman , Ermisch , and Joshi 1988 ) .
whether they can predict the future [stays] to be seen , short-range time-series projections of fertility are reported to be promising ( de cooman , ermisch , and joshi 1988 ) .

At first it was not entirely clear where the word ‘ Hooligan ’ had sprung from — and it remains unclear to this day — or exactly what it meant , other than some kind of novel reference to street violence and ruffianism .
at first it was not entirely clear where the word ‘ hooligan ’ had sprung from — and it [stays] unclear to this day — or exactly what it meant , other than some kind of novel reference to street violence and ruffianism .

Yet , the fact remains that , although we are dealing with an age when history was not decided by battles at sea , the first major battle of the Hundred Years War was fought at sea in June 1340 .
yet , the fact [stays] that , although we are dealing with an age when history was not decided by battles at sea , the first major battle of the hundred years war was fought at sea in june 1340 .

Arrangements for the separation are made , an intermediary visits her in Brighton , where he finds her on the pier reading a novel , ‘ the title of which remains unknown ’ .
arrangements for the separation are made , an intermediary visits her in brighton , where he finds her on the pier reading a novel , ‘ the title of which [stays] unknown ’ .

One of the major achievements of twentieth- century jewellery , it remains a popular setting .
one of the major achievements of twentieth- century jewellery , it [stays] a popular setting .

As an alternative home-conditioning treatment for dull , tired tresses , Henara 's famous Henna Treatment Wax , which is based on pure henna extracts and proteins , remains one of the most efficient and popular hair nourishing and polishing creams .
as an alternative home-conditioning treatment for dull , tired tresses , henara 's famous henna treatment wax , which is based on pure henna extracts and proteins , [stays] one of the most efficient and popular hair nourishing and polishing creams .

International Relations began — and , many would say , remains — more of an inter-discipline than a discipline .
international relations began — and , many would say , [stays] — more of an inter-discipline than a discipline .

The 1914 analogy remains potent in a nuclear age , where many observers worry about a drift to war resulting from the increasing automation of the battlefield and of command and control systems .
the 1914 analogy [stays] potent in a nuclear age , where many observers worry about a drift to war resulting from the increasing automation of the battlefield and of command and control systems .

The Realist perspective remains broadly the one described in this chapter .
the realist perspective [stays] broadly the one described in this chapter .

In the view of the Pluralists , the state remains an important actor , but must increasingly deal with a world where other , non-state , actors penetrate its territory and reduce its autonomy .
in the view of the pluralists , the state [stays] an important actor , but must increasingly deal with a world where other , non-state , actors penetrate its territory and reduce its autonomy .

Quine 's article ‘ Two Dogmas of Empiricism ’ remains the best short statement of three radically subversive reasons for despairing of a Positive science constructed in the manner of traditional empiricism .
quine 's article ‘ two dogmas of empiricism ’ [stays] the best short statement of three radically subversive reasons for despairing of a positive science constructed in the manner of traditional empiricism .

Current philosophy of science largely remains hostile to the idea that iron laws and irresistible forces are at work .
current philosophy of science largely [stays] hostile to the idea that iron laws and irresistible forces are at work .

However subtle we are forced to make our idea of science , nature remains an independent realm awaiting discovery .
however subtle we are forced to make our idea of science , nature [stays] an independent realm awaiting discovery .

Weber speaks for an individualism which starts out from the ‘ subjective meanings ’ which individuals attach to their actions and , when he moves to ideal types of rational action , his focus remains on individual choices .
weber speaks for an individualism which starts out from the ‘ subjective meanings ’ which individuals attach to their actions and , when he moves to ideal types of rational action , his focus [stays] on individual choices .

Holidays are chosen together by 51 % , and interestingly , diy remains a male preserve for only 52 % .
holidays are chosen together by 51 % , and interestingly , diy [stays] a male preserve for only 52 % .

And although Jesus himself remains to a significant degree elusive , it is as possible to deduce plausible information about him as it is to deduce such information about Arthur , or Robin Hood .
and although jesus himself [stays] to a significant degree elusive , it is as possible to deduce plausible information about him as it is to deduce such information about arthur , or robin hood .

It remains static , unaffected by new developments , new discoveries , new findings .
it [stays] static , unaffected by new developments , new discoveries , new findings .

Yet the practising Christian remains as ignorant as his predecessors of centuries ago ; and he subscribes essentially to the same simplistic accounts he heard when he himself was a child .
yet the practising christian [stays] as ignorant as his predecessors of centuries ago ; and he subscribes essentially to the same simplistic accounts he heard when he himself was a child .

‘ Dog ’ remains dog through centuries of time and cultural change .
‘ dog ’ [stays] dog through centuries of time and cultural change .

If his personal god was Sol Invictus , and if his official stance towards Christianity was dictated by expediency and the desire for unity within the Empire , the fact remains that Constantine accorded the God of the Christians a certain unique deference — a deference of a distinctly novel kind .
if his personal god was sol invictus , and if his official stance towards christianity was dictated by expediency and the desire for unity within the empire , the fact [stays] that constantine accorded the god of the christians a certain unique deference — a deference of a distinctly novel kind .

Simon Peter has no doubt whatever that it remains imminent and will occur in the course of his own lifetime .
simon peter has no doubt whatever that it [stays] imminent and will occur in the course of his own lifetime .

The apocalypse may have been postponed indefinitely , but there remains the assurance that it will eventually come , at the end of time ; and , in the meanwhile , there are rewards to be reaped in heaven .
the apocalypse may have been postponed indefinitely , but there [stays] the assurance that it will eventually come , at the end of time ; and , in the meanwhile , there are rewards to be reaped in heaven .

What remains indeterminate is whether Jesus was truly convinced that he himself had literally to die , or whether it was sufficient that he appear to die .
what [stays] indeterminate is whether jesus was truly convinced that he himself had literally to die , or whether it was sufficient that he appear to die .

If annual incidence is equal to annual outcidence ( water is pouring into the sink at the same rate as it is emptying ) , then annual prevalence remains at a stable , unchanging level ( the water level in the sink is constant ) .
if annual incidence is equal to annual outcidence ( water is pouring into the sink at the same rate as it is emptying ) , then annual prevalence [stays] at a stable , unchanging level ( the water level in the sink is constant ) .

Nevertheless , if incidence starts to fall while outcidence remains stable , prevalence continues to rise , albeit at a decreasing rate , and begins to fall only when incidence drops below the level of outcidence .
nevertheless , if incidence starts to fall while outcidence [stays] stable , prevalence continues to rise , albeit at a decreasing rate , and begins to fall only when incidence drops below the level of outcidence .

Having introduced the ‘ supply side ’ of the equation , it remains to account for the pattern of the ‘ demand ’ .
having introduced the ‘ supply side ’ of the equation , it [stays] to account for the pattern of the ‘ demand ’ .

Sound modern planning in a valley where traditions are lovingly maintained , has ensured Stuttgart , for all its industry , remains easy to enjoy .
sound modern planning in a valley where traditions are lovingly maintained , has ensured stuttgart , for all its industry , [stays] easy to enjoy .

’ One possible answer , which might be given where the relevant legal system remains close to the classical approach of the civil law tradition , would be along these lines : ‘ The court , having reviewed the written minutes containing the evidence as to the facts of the case , hears submissions on behalf of the parties as to the conclusions to be drawn in the light of the applicable law .
’ one possible answer , which might be given where the relevant legal system [stays] close to the classical approach of the civil law tradition , would be along these lines : ‘ the court , having reviewed the written minutes containing the evidence as to the facts of the case , hears submissions on behalf of the parties as to the conclusions to be drawn in the light of the applicable law .

They are primarily concerned with the use of letters rogatory , the device which had over the centuries become well-established in the practice of States , and not only those of the civil law tradition , and which remains central to the procedures for obtaining evidence from another jurisdiction .
they are primarily concerned with the use of letters rogatory , the device which had over the centuries become well-established in the practice of states , and not only those of the civil law tradition , and which [stays] central to the procedures for obtaining evidence from another jurisdiction .

Though now brewery owned this old basement bar , dating back to 1830 , remains little changed — thanks to the pressure of the locals .
though now brewery owned this old basement bar , dating back to 1830 , [stays] little changed — thanks to the pressure of the locals .

Though dormer windows and other extrusions have spoiled the fine proportions of the south and east sides of the square , the north side remains intact .
though dormer windows and other extrusions have spoiled the fine proportions of the south and east sides of the square , the north side [stays] intact .

To enable two graduates of the MSc Osteology , Palaeopathology and Funerary Archaeology to analyse the human remains of around 150 individuals from an Anglo-Saxon site from Castledyke South , Bartonon-Humber for Humberside Archaeological Unit ( Humberside County Council ) .
to enable two graduates of the msc osteology , palaeopathology and funerary archaeology to analyse the human [stays] of around 150 individuals from an anglo-saxon site from castledyke south , bartonon-humber for humberside archaeological unit ( humberside county council ) .

The future effect of increased rates of smoking among women in the period since 1930 upon the gender division of the older age groups remains unknown .
the future effect of increased rates of smoking among women in the period since 1930 upon the gender division of the older age groups [stays] unknown .

those aged 85 + ) , the percentage of those aged 65 + being visited at least weekly by their family or friends remains high , at about 70 per cent ( Figure 2.7 ) .
those aged 85 + ) , the percentage of those aged 65 + being visited at least weekly by their family or friends [stays] high , at about 70 per cent ( figure 2.7 ) .

Contact with neighbours , at least weekly , remains high ( Figure 2.8 ) .
contact with neighbours , at least weekly , [stays] high ( figure 2.8 ) .

Despite the availability of statistics describing societal level changes in household formation which have influenced the type of household in which older people live , this still remains the subject of considerable mythology .
despite the availability of statistics describing societal level changes in household formation which have influenced the type of household in which older people live , this still [stays] the subject of considerable mythology .

It remains to be seen if this impressionistic statement is correct or whether it will apply to future generations of elderly women who have been active in the labour market for most of their adult life .
it [stays] to be seen if this impressionistic statement is correct or whether it will apply to future generations of elderly women who have been active in the labour market for most of their adult life .

The prevalence of poverty among this group remains very high , although we should not neglect the fact that there are a minority of affluent elderly .
the prevalence of poverty among this group [stays] very high , although we should not neglect the fact that there are a minority of affluent elderly .

This debate as to whether the human lifespan is indeed finite remains unresolved .
this debate as to whether the human lifespan is indeed finite [stays] unresolved .

The status of Fries 's ideas remains that of interesting speculation .
the status of fries 's ideas [stays] that of interesting speculation .

The relationship between dementia and mortality remains unclear .
the relationship between dementia and mortality [stays] unclear .

Social support remains , however , a rather nebulous concept to define and measure in social surveys .
social support [stays] , however , a rather nebulous concept to define and measure in social surveys .

Our knowledge about mental health in later life remains patchy and is , in many domains , highly limited .
our knowledge about mental health in later life [stays] patchy and is , in many domains , highly limited .

Health is a term which is used extensively but remains one of the most difficult ideas to define with any degree of precision .
health is a term which is used extensively but [stays] one of the most difficult ideas to define with any degree of precision .

It remains unclear as to how culturally and temporally specific these ideas about the main dimensions of health are .
it [stays] unclear as to how culturally and temporally specific these ideas about the main dimensions of health are .

How such patterns of provision will be influenced by the imposition of the market discipline remains the subject of considerable discussion .
how such patterns of provision will be influenced by the imposition of the market discipline [stays] the subject of considerable discussion .

It remains a subject of debate as to whether this enormous difference in admission rates reflects differences in morbidity ( i.e .
it [stays] a subject of debate as to whether this enormous difference in admission rates reflects differences in morbidity ( i.e .

The most appropriate way of providing health care for older people within the hospital sector remains a point of contention .
the most appropriate way of providing health care for older people within the hospital sector [stays] a point of contention .

How such probably very extensive unmet need will be met without a substantial increase in resources remains to be seen .
how such probably very extensive unmet need will be met without a substantial increase in resources [stays] to be seen .

The role of health visitors with older people remains unresolved .
the role of health visitors with older people [stays] unresolved .

The origin of the term community care remains obscure .
the origin of the term community care [stays] obscure .

Even if we take two very vulnerable groups of elderly , those living alone and the severely disabled , then the coverage of these services remains far from universal ( see Figure 8.5 ) .
even if we take two very vulnerable groups of elderly , those living alone and the severely disabled , then the coverage of these services [stays] far from universal ( see figure 8.5 ) .

The ship remains afloat and is towed by a French gunboat to the port where the four in the small boat , picked up by a passing ship , are duly landed and detained for a court-martial .
the ship [stays] afloat and is towed by a french gunboat to the port where the four in the small boat , picked up by a passing ship , are duly landed and detained for a court-martial .

Jim remains an enigma , penetrated through action only to a certain point .
jim [stays] an enigma , penetrated through action only to a certain point .

At one moment of inaction he checks over what he has done and what still remains to be done , in an unspoken conversation when he imagines he is being examined for his second mate 's ticket , his present goal in life and the strong motivation of his apprenticeship .
at one moment of inaction he checks over what he has done and what still [stays] to be done , in an unspoken conversation when he imagines he is being examined for his second mate 's ticket , his present goal in life and the strong motivation of his apprenticeship .

But whether Rider Haggard wanted to move his mysterious veiled woman somewhat further from the realm of allegory near which she certainly appeared to reside in She and Ayesha , or whether he was merely exercising the husbandry of a writer who had created in Quatermain a remarkably useful narrator and wanted to make the fullest use of him , the fact remains that the ‘ She ’ of She and Allan is more shrewdly realised as a woman than in the two preceding books , even if her self- centred mysticism is still as grandiose and woolly as it was .
but whether rider haggard wanted to move his mysterious veiled woman somewhat further from the realm of allegory near which she certainly appeared to reside in she and ayesha , or whether he was merely exercising the husbandry of a writer who had created in quatermain a remarkably useful narrator and wanted to make the fullest use of him , the fact [stays] that the ‘ she ’ of she and allan is more shrewdly realised as a woman than in the two preceding books , even if her self- centred mysticism is still as grandiose and woolly as it was .

The captain 's love remains on this exalted plane throughout scenes of action in which idealism is not always satisfactorily integrated .
the captain 's love [stays] on this exalted plane throughout scenes of action in which idealism is not always satisfactorily integrated .

At this stage nothing remains but that each should present an opaque front to the other .
at this stage nothing [stays] but that each should present an opaque front to the other .

There remains , however , considerable debate concerning how a rule might be precisely defined and how such a construct can be properly applied to the study of social behaviour .
there [stays] , however , considerable debate concerning how a rule might be precisely defined and how such a construct can be properly applied to the study of social behaviour .

Whilst the straightforward observation of overt activity on the football terraces and of cycles of retribution in school will provide evidence of certain invariant sequences and patterns of behaviour , it remains an empirical question as to whether such regularities are the product of rule following .
whilst the straightforward observation of overt activity on the football terraces and of cycles of retribution in school will provide evidence of certain invariant sequences and patterns of behaviour , it [stays] an empirical question as to whether such regularities are the product of rule following .

However unpleasant the offence , it remains within a non-demeaning framework .
however unpleasant the offence , it [stays] within a non-demeaning framework .

Scattered throughout the area are sights of the greatest architectural and historical interest , from the remains of Motte and Bailey castles and the Tudor Tattershall castle , past Windmills and Watermills , country houses and Lincolnshire barns to the thatched round house at Langton and Lincolnshire 's only thatched church at Markby .
scattered throughout the area are sights of the greatest architectural and historical interest , from the [stays] of motte and bailey castles and the tudor tattershall castle , past windmills and watermills , country houses and lincolnshire barns to the thatched round house at langton and lincolnshire 's only thatched church at markby .

Yet it remains as a holy sanctuary where birds and green slime mould give it life and only the occasional human passer-by ventures in to discover its cavernous majesty .
yet it [stays] as a holy sanctuary where birds and green slime mould give it life and only the occasional human passer-by ventures in to discover its cavernous majesty .

The Luikens sold Claythorpe mill ( which remains as a restaurant ) in 1988 , to return to the sea which they both love .
the luikens sold claythorpe mill ( which [stays] as a restaurant ) in 1988 , to return to the sea which they both love .

Amongst many ancient earthworks in this area are two remains of Motte and Bailey castles .
amongst many ancient earthworks in this area are two [stays] of motte and bailey castles .

The mounds are clearly distinguishable and surrounded by the remains of a moat which still retains water .
the mounds are clearly distinguishable and surrounded by the [stays] of a moat which still retains water .

Recently the castle remains , neglected for centuries and largely hidden , have been excavated to expose some solid stonework foundations and a few ancient arches .
recently the castle [stays] , neglected for centuries and largely hidden , have been excavated to expose some solid stonework foundations and a few ancient arches .

However , the negotiations fell through and Stockwith mill remains in its natural , tranquil setting to delight all who visit it .
however , the negotiations fell through and stockwith mill [stays] in its natural , tranquil setting to delight all who visit it .

It embraces the remains of a mediaeval well and has been made most aesthetic use of by the present owners of the manor as an interesting garden feature where flowering colours splash against the solid , more sombre stonework .
it embraces the [stays] of a mediaeval well and has been made most aesthetic use of by the present owners of the manor as an interesting garden feature where flowering colours splash against the solid , more sombre stonework .

Today all that remains of this once extensive abbey is a striking pinnacle of crumbling stonework which was the South East angle of the central tower of the Cruciform church .
today all that [stays] of this once extensive abbey is a striking pinnacle of crumbling stonework which was the south east angle of the central tower of the cruciform church .

This was the Royal Pavilion : an architectural profusion of oriental design that remains unrivalled to this day .
this was the royal pavilion : an architectural profusion of oriental design that [stays] unrivalled to this day .

The parking bays remains , but vouchers may be purchased individually or in books of 10 from various outlets in the town ( such as the Tourist Information Centre , Brighton Centre , selected newsagents , post offices , shops , garages , hotels , etc . )
the parking bays [stays] , but vouchers may be purchased individually or in books of 10 from various outlets in the town ( such as the tourist information centre , brighton centre , selected newsagents , post offices , shops , garages , hotels , etc . )

She waited until it had stalked away before picking up the remains of the Geiger-Muller counter and dropping them into the holdall .
she waited until it had stalked away before picking up the [stays] of the geiger-muller counter and dropping them into the holdall .

With a lot of effort she finally managed to close the left-hand door and bolt it into place , then pushed the arm against the dead man 's chest and forced the other door over , sliding the remains of a file through two loops where the handles had once been to keep it shut .
with a lot of effort she finally managed to close the left-hand door and bolt it into place , then pushed the arm against the dead man 's chest and forced the other door over , sliding the [stays] of a file through two loops where the handles had once been to keep it shut .

It would appear , then , that despite the shift in emphasis from regulation to deregulation , there still remains an entrenched reliance upon regulatory measures .
it would appear , then , that despite the shift in emphasis from regulation to deregulation , there still [stays] an entrenched reliance upon regulatory measures .

While recently the ‘ economic approach to law ’ has gained much ground , there remains much confusion as to exactly what this mode of analysis is and where it can be validly and usefully applied .
while recently the ‘ economic approach to law ’ has gained much ground , there [stays] much confusion as to exactly what this mode of analysis is and where it can be validly and usefully applied .

Although economics is perhaps the most developed of the social sciences , there remains much disagreement amongst economists about many key economic concepts and about the predictive power of economics .
although economics is perhaps the most developed of the social sciences , there [stays] much disagreement amongst economists about many key economic concepts and about the predictive power of economics .

Despite a great deal of recent literature on the subject , Henry Manne 's 1966 book remains the most thorough , and most widely quoted statement of the case against prohibiting insider dealing .
despite a great deal of recent literature on the subject , henry manne 's 1966 book [stays] the most thorough , and most widely quoted statement of the case against prohibiting insider dealing .

While this much is agreed , there remains considerable debate over how efficiency is to be achieved , and at what cost .
while this much is agreed , there [stays] considerable debate over how efficiency is to be achieved , and at what cost .

This advantage to the ultimate holder remains even if we effectively prevent insider trading .
this advantage to the ultimate holder [stays] even if we effectively prevent insider trading .

It is easy to give examples where individual outsiders benefit from the activity of insiders ; the fact remains that the expected rate of return to outsiders on stock market investments ( even to the large institutional investors such as pensions funds and mutual funds ) is lowered by insider dealing .
it is easy to give examples where individual outsiders benefit from the activity of insiders ; the fact [stays] that the expected rate of return to outsiders on stock market investments ( even to the large institutional investors such as pensions funds and mutual funds ) is lowered by insider dealing .

Anyone in possession of material inside information must either disclose it to the investing public or if he is disabled from disclosing it in order to protect a corporate confidence , or he chooses not to do so , must abstain from trading in or recommending the securities concerned while such inside information remains undisclosed .
anyone in possession of material inside information must either disclose it to the investing public or if he is disabled from disclosing it in order to protect a corporate confidence , or he chooses not to do so , must abstain from trading in or recommending the securities concerned while such inside information [stays] undisclosed .

The medieval character remains and the 12th century cloisters and church remain surprisingly intact .
the medieval character [stays] and the 12th century cloisters and church remain surprisingly intact .

Sardinia can offer a multitude of prehistoric and ancient remains , beautiful caves and underground lakes , superb sports , and colourful festivals .
sardinia can offer a multitude of prehistoric and ancient [stays] , beautiful caves and underground lakes , superb sports , and colourful festivals .

The past remains
the past [stays]

It is a wellequipped resort , whose 15th century charm remains .
it is a wellequipped resort , whose 15th century charm [stays] .

All around the resort are the remains of ancient Roman settlements , historic churches , hill towns , castles and the impressive Frasassi Caves set within limestone gorges .
all around the resort are the [stays] of ancient roman settlements , historic churches , hill towns , castles and the impressive frasassi caves set within limestone gorges .

Ancient tradition remains powerful , and stories of witches and snake charmers are still whispered high in the remote mountain villages .
ancient tradition [stays] powerful , and stories of witches and snake charmers are still whispered high in the remote mountain villages .

Set in the heart of the country , mid way between Pescara and Rome , Ovindoli remains relatively undiscovered and completely unspoilt .
set in the heart of the country , mid way between pescara and rome , ovindoli [stays] relatively undiscovered and completely unspoilt .

Umbria remains quite outstanding .
umbria [stays] quite outstanding .

Gubbio — Roman remains
gubbio — roman [stays]

What will happen if schools fail to comply with the recommendations remains to be seen — so far introduction of reviews has resulted in substantial voluntary initiatives for change in all Dutch medical schools .
what will happen if schools fail to comply with the recommendations [stays] to be seen — so far introduction of reviews has resulted in substantial voluntary initiatives for change in all dutch medical schools .

Metastasis of unknown origin is defined as a metastatic tumour , the primary tumour of which remains occult despite taking a clinical history , physical examination , chest radiography , analysis of blood and urine samples , and histological and electron microscopic evaluation .
metastasis of unknown origin is defined as a metastatic tumour , the primary tumour of which [stays] occult despite taking a clinical history , physical examination , chest radiography , analysis of blood and urine samples , and histological and electron microscopic evaluation .

Whether or not the same applies to patients with cancer or those admitted for more complex surgery remains to be seen , but even major operations share many of the ‘ frightening ’ general risks associated with inguinal hernia repair .
whether or not the same applies to patients with cancer or those admitted for more complex surgery [stays] to be seen , but even major operations share many of the ‘ frightening ’ general risks associated with inguinal hernia repair .

Almost 20 years have elapsed since Rebel first noted ‘ virus-like ’ particles in pagetic osteoclasts , but the identity of these structures remains unclear and they are not specific to Paget 's disease .
almost 20 years have elapsed since rebel first noted ‘ virus-like ’ particles in pagetic osteoclasts , but the identity of these structures [stays] unclear and they are not specific to paget 's disease .

Expecting part timers to perform full time duties is difficult to dislodge , and the temptation to use them as ‘ fillers ’ for odd jobs remains .
expecting part timers to perform full time duties is difficult to dislodge , and the temptation to use them as ‘ fillers ’ for odd jobs [stays] .

As we turned south the crumbled remains of St Catherine 's Castle could be seen .
as we turned south the crumbled [stays] of st catherine 's castle could be seen .

Miles McCallum offers some simple tips to make sure that your aircraft remains in fine fettle for the summer ahead — and years to come .
miles mccallum offers some simple tips to make sure that your aircraft [stays] in fine fettle for the summer ahead — and years to come .

The screwed up remains of another airline 's rejection letter lay on the bar next to her cigarettes .
the screwed up [stays] of another airline 's rejection letter lay on the bar next to her cigarettes .

It remains true , however , that it is still deeply contentious to suggest the possibility of points of view in philosophy , let alone that substantial conclusions might be drawn from them .
it [stays] true , however , that it is still deeply contentious to suggest the possibility of points of view in philosophy , let alone that substantial conclusions might be drawn from them .

The findings of the male researchers , she claims , are dogged by what she calls the problem of women ‘ whose sexuality remains more diffuse , whose perception of self is so much more tenaciously embedded in relationships with others and whose moral dilemmas hold them in a mode of judgment that is insistently contextual ’ .
the findings of the male researchers , she claims , are dogged by what she calls the problem of women ‘ whose sexuality [stays] more diffuse , whose perception of self is so much more tenaciously embedded in relationships with others and whose moral dilemmas hold them in a mode of judgment that is insistently contextual ’ .

What remains is the strange intimacy of writer and reader .
what [stays] is the strange intimacy of writer and reader .

For comfort , the coat was given a distinct curve into the waist — a feature which remains a trademark of all English jackets .
for comfort , the coat was given a distinct curve into the waist — a feature which [stays] a trademark of all english jackets .

And the reason he remains friends with his ex-wives and lovers is that he 's a man 's man , essentially , he 's not the sort of man who would not have women friends around him unless they had , in some way , been involved with him .
and the reason he [stays] friends with his ex-wives and lovers is that he 's a man 's man , essentially , he 's not the sort of man who would not have women friends around him unless they had , in some way , been involved with him .

One of them , a girl , remains by the top of the escalator , in order to prevent any other students from coming up and into the killer 's path .
one of them , a girl , [stays] by the top of the escalator , in order to prevent any other students from coming up and into the killer 's path .

Invisible in hot tropical colours , unrequited , he remains , dogging her footsteps , hoping for the ecstasy of her glance .
invisible in hot tropical colours , unrequited , he [stays] , dogging her footsteps , hoping for the ecstasy of her glance .

Only the sweet self-lacerating joy of murdering possibility remains .
only the sweet self-lacerating joy of murdering possibility [stays] .

Although clearly no pauper , and equally obviously ‘ a great ambassador for the game ’ as everyone stresses , Bobby Charlton remains mysteriously unclaimed by commerce and untouched by the dead hand of blandness .
although clearly no pauper , and equally obviously ‘ a great ambassador for the game ’ as everyone stresses , bobby charlton [stays] mysteriously unclaimed by commerce and untouched by the dead hand of blandness .

Though you may wish to insist it is not true , the fact remains that Leos are as stubborn as the stains on a butcher 's tunic .
though you may wish to insist it is not true , the fact [stays] that leos are as stubborn as the stains on a butcher 's tunic .

Elizabeth Wilson 's now classic Women and the Welfare State ( 1977 ) remains an important and stimulating overview of the historical relationship between perceptions of the needs of mothers and their children and the general development of social policy .
elizabeth wilson 's now classic women and the welfare state ( 1977 ) [stays] an important and stimulating overview of the historical relationship between perceptions of the needs of mothers and their children and the general development of social policy .

‘ The fact remains ’ , she wrote , ‘ that differences in status exist , and as long as they exist it is practically impossible , since the lives of children can not be separated from those of their parents , to secure to all children a uniform standard of living ’ ( Rathbone , 1949 , p. 233 ) .
‘ the fact [stays] ’ , she wrote , ‘ that differences in status exist , and as long as they exist it is practically impossible , since the lives of children can not be separated from those of their parents , to secure to all children a uniform standard of living ’ ( rathbone , 1949 , p. 233 ) .

As a result , what The Times called ‘ the main stumbling block ’ ( The Times , 19 September 1976 ) against full equal rights for men and women in the state and occupational pension schemes remains for the foreseeable future .
as a result , what the times called ‘ the main stumbling block ’ ( the times , 19 september 1976 ) against full equal rights for men and women in the state and occupational pension schemes [stays] for the foreseeable future .

Nevertheless , the class factor remains important : according to Wilkin , women undergraduates are more likely to be from the middle class than men ( Wilkin , 1982 ) .
nevertheless , the class factor [stays] important : according to wilkin , women undergraduates are more likely to be from the middle class than men ( wilkin , 1982 ) .

Freud 's view of science is not that of a simple empiricist , who assumes that , once something has been discovered in science , it remains true for all times , and that one day science will have discovered nearly all we need to know about the world and ourselves .
freud 's view of science is not that of a simple empiricist , who assumes that , once something has been discovered in science , it [stays] true for all times , and that one day science will have discovered nearly all we need to know about the world and ourselves .

This gives it a bite that is lacking in much sociological research , which remains descriptive and under-theorized , and which sees all meaning systems as logically equal .
this gives it a bite that is lacking in much sociological research , which [stays] descriptive and under-theorized , and which sees all meaning systems as logically equal .

The reality principle remains concerned with adjusting the organism to external reality .
the reality principle [stays] concerned with adjusting the organism to external reality .

Freud considers that there may be something intractable in humanity as we know it , a part of our basic psychic constitution which remains uneasy , discontented , even hostile to civilization , and that this finds expression in such romantic ideals as the return to nature .
freud considers that there may be something intractable in humanity as we know it , a part of our basic psychic constitution which [stays] uneasy , discontented , even hostile to civilization , and that this finds expression in such romantic ideals as the return to nature .

If we do away with personal rights over material wealth , there still remains prerogative in the field of sexual relationships … .
if we do away with personal rights over material wealth , there still [stays] prerogative in the field of sexual relationships … .

Even so , this lonely Old Man remains impressive and commands a degree of respect .
even so , this lonely old man [stays] impressive and commands a degree of respect .

The snow may crust at night , due to outward radiation , even thought the air temperature remains well above freezing point .
the snow may crust at night , due to outward radiation , even thought the air temperature [stays] well above freezing point .

Although the exact stance of the owner ( Lord Egremont ) of Hodge Close remains somewhat imprecise , it now appears that Hodge itself will remain intact .
although the exact stance of the owner ( lord egremont ) of hodge close [stays] somewhat imprecise , it now appears that hodge itself will remain intact .

Throughout the reigns of his son and great-grandson he is referred to as Ring Edward ‘ who lies at Gloucester , but it remains a mystery as to whether the body which lies in the splendid tomb there is his or not .
throughout the reigns of his son and great-grandson he is referred to as ring edward ‘ who lies at gloucester , but it [stays] a mystery as to whether the body which lies in the splendid tomb there is his or not .

Mistley Towers — the remains of one of only two churches designed by the great architect Robert Adam — and St John 's Abbey Gate , Colchester , the remains of a Benedictine abbey , will also stay under its control .
mistley towers — the [stays] of one of only two churches designed by the great architect robert adam — and st john 's abbey gate , colchester , the [stays] of a benedictine abbey , will also stay under its control .

Wimbledon remains the only major title still to elude Seles .
wimbledon [stays] the only major title still to elude seles .

It remains to be seen whether such an arrangement will be beneficial to book provision or not , but the government has promised to monitor very closely the spending of these monies in schools and the associated reports on the implementation of the curriculum .
it [stays] to be seen whether such an arrangement will be beneficial to book provision or not , but the government has promised to monitor very closely the spending of these monies in schools and the associated reports on the implementation of the curriculum .

Nigel Bloom , who hopes to be fit to resume tomorrow , remains the clear leader in the County Linen Service area men 's championship .
nigel bloom , who hopes to be fit to resume tomorrow , [stays] the clear leader in the county linen service area men 's championship .

This also meant searching for remains on offshore islands , reached by kayak through seas teeming with porpoises , albatrosses , sea lions and jackass penguins .
this also meant searching for [stays] on offshore islands , reached by kayak through seas teeming with porpoises , albatrosses , sea lions and jackass penguins .

Now they too have gone , but the Essex Senior Cup remains as a fitting reward for success well into its second century of competition .
now they too have gone , but the essex senior cup [stays] as a fitting reward for success well into its second century of competition .

Free pre-school places for those wishing it remains the main plank of Labour 's education policy and would eat up the vast majority of the extra £4 million the party would spend while still staying within Government capping levels .
free pre-school places for those wishing it [stays] the main plank of labour 's education policy and would eat up the vast majority of the extra £4 million the party would spend while still staying within government capping levels .

Just what ‘ all due diligence ’ means remains to be seen .
just what ‘ all due diligence ’ means [stays] to be seen .

The Variscan granite province of South-west England is a major mineralised region and remains an important area for tin exploration .
the variscan granite province of south-west england is a major mineralised region and [stays] an important area for tin exploration .

Some mineralisation remains unworked ( Jones , 1922 ) .
some mineralisation [stays] unworked ( jones , 1922 ) .

Although now rather dated , it remains a useful means of assessing the land ownership situation in most of Scotland .
although now rather dated , it [stays] a useful means of assessing the land ownership situation in most of scotland .

Silverpoint gives a fine , grey line and remains remarkably true to the expression of the artist .
silverpoint gives a fine , grey line and [stays] remarkably true to the expression of the artist .

They have tested the range with the equivalent of 1300 hours of exposure to sunlight and state that the intensity and brightness of the colour remains unchanged .
they have tested the range with the equivalent of 1300 hours of exposure to sunlight and state that the intensity and brightness of the colour [stays] unchanged .

Lascaux Aquacryl is an acrylic based artists ' watercolour which , as with gum arabic remains water-soluble after drying .
lascaux aquacryl is an acrylic based artists ' watercolour which , as with gum arabic [stays] water-soluble after drying .

When a painting , sculpture or other item of craftwork is sold the ownership of the copyright remains with the artist .
when a painting , sculpture or other item of craftwork is sold the ownership of the copyright [stays] with the artist .

The exact figure remains undisclosed , but will be the same as Mr Leigh-Pemberton 's pay over the past year .
the exact figure [stays] undisclosed , but will be the same as mr leigh-pemberton 's pay over the past year .

Derby favourite Tenby was yesterday reported to be fully recovered from a minor sickness scare and remains firmly on target for the Epsom Classic .
derby favourite tenby was yesterday reported to be fully recovered from a minor sickness scare and [stays] firmly on target for the epsom classic .

The eighties remains an enigma — already we know more about the rise of the radical new Right than we do about the demise of the old Left .
the eighties [stays] an enigma — already we know more about the rise of the radical new right than we do about the demise of the old left .

But the fact remains , something is afoot in English society which has prevented the promotion of a back-to-the-kitchen-sink strategy to meet mass unemployment .
but the fact [stays] , something is afoot in english society which has prevented the promotion of a back-to-the-kitchen-sink strategy to meet mass unemployment .

But although the impact of women 's liberation remains resilient in the culture , a question remains : given the assumption that the road to liberation lay , among other things , in women 's economic independence , what happens when employment ceases to be an alternative `` destiny `` ?
but although the impact of women 's liberation [stays] resilient in the culture , a question [stays] : given the assumption that the road to liberation lay , among other things , in women 's economic independence , what happens when employment ceases to be an alternative `` destiny `` ?

‘ While much remains to be done , a very positive start has been made .
‘ while much [stays] to be done , a very positive start has been made .

However , Mr Ray also warned delegates that the ‘ achilles heel ’ of the case for nuclear remains the issue of the disposal of waste .
however , mr ray also warned delegates that the ‘ achilles heel ’ of the case for nuclear [stays] the issue of the disposal of waste .

‘ The question paper format remains unchanged : 5 answers will be required from 10 questions offered , and the first question will remain compulsory .
‘ the question paper format [stays] unchanged : 5 answers will be required from 10 questions offered , and the first question will remain compulsory .

There was even some downturn in Japan , though Wedgwood remains the leading imported brand and was not as badly affected as many other luxury goods businesses .
there was even some downturn in japan , though wedgwood [stays] the leading imported brand and was not as badly affected as many other luxury goods businesses .

It provides extensive guidance on learning and teaching , but it remains for the tutor to apply the descriptor to the language being taught , and to provide the necessary content .
it provides extensive guidance on learning and teaching , but it [stays] for the tutor to apply the descriptor to the language being taught , and to provide the necessary content .

However , much work still remains for those involved in education and training if we are to make the idea of the Single Market a reality .
however , much work still [stays] for those involved in education and training if we are to make the idea of the single market a reality .

maximum of two years ground rent , if the Policyholder is liable while the home remains uninhabitable as a result of destruction or damage insured under the policy .
maximum of two years ground rent , if the policyholder is liable while the home [stays] uninhabitable as a result of destruction or damage insured under the policy .

In such cases , a phone call should be made to the firm and if any doubt still remains , it may be appropriate to obtain a second opinion by a known reliable firm .
in such cases , a phone call should be made to the firm and if any doubt still [stays] , it may be appropriate to obtain a second opinion by a known reliable firm .

In answer to one of the questions posed by employees in meetings throughout the Group , Chief Executive Kneale Ashwell explained : ‘ If , as expected , 1993 remains on a par with 1992 , we will have some over-capacity , so there may need to be some small pockets of short time working .
in answer to one of the questions posed by employees in meetings throughout the group , chief executive kneale ashwell explained : ‘ if , as expected , 1993 [stays] on a par with 1992 , we will have some over-capacity , so there may need to be some small pockets of short time working .

Design of course remains an essential factor contributing to future growth , and is another strength of Wedgwood and its associated companies , all of which are served by a large , highly qualified and experienced team of designers and modellers , with the added contributions of eminent contemporary artists .
design of course [stays] an essential factor contributing to future growth , and is another strength of wedgwood and its associated companies , all of which are served by a large , highly qualified and experienced team of designers and modellers , with the added contributions of eminent contemporary artists .

The ships have gone and so has the Black Rat , but the opportunist Brown Rat remains a threat ashore .
the ships have gone and so has the black rat , but the opportunist brown rat [stays] a threat ashore .

Despite the developments achieved already , much work remains to be done in this area and it will have growing importance in coming years .
despite the developments achieved already , much work [stays] to be done in this area and it will have growing importance in coming years .

Statham Lodge was built in 1742 in extensive wooded grounds as a country manor house , and remains as graceful and elegant now as when it was built .
statham lodge was built in 1742 in extensive wooded grounds as a country manor house , and [stays] as graceful and elegant now as when it was built .

If , however , the salvage is not worthwhile then the remains should not be taken up and the Policyholder should be told that its disposal is again their responsibility .
if , however , the salvage is not worthwhile then the [stays] should not be taken up and the policyholder should be told that its disposal is again their responsibility .

Following a casualty which results in the total loss of a vessel the remains of which are causing an obstruction or a danger to other shipping , the Policyholder may be requested by a Harbour Master or Receiver of Wrecks to remove the vessel .
following a casualty which results in the total loss of a vessel the [stays] of which are causing an obstruction or a danger to other shipping , the policyholder may be requested by a harbour master or receiver of wrecks to remove the vessel .

Private motor business remains very competitive but it has been necessary to apply further selective premium increases .
private motor business [stays] very competitive but it has been necessary to apply further selective premium increases .

They also assisted the local archaeologist in alerting the relevant authorities to the locations of important prehistoric remains at risk of damage by the movement of heavy equipment during the clean-up operation .
they also assisted the local archaeologist in alerting the relevant authorities to the locations of important prehistoric [stays] at risk of damage by the movement of heavy equipment during the clean-up operation .

The colours of the collars may nowadays be much more varied but the type of workers white collar unions organise remains the same e.g .
the colours of the collars may nowadays be much more varied but the type of workers white collar unions organise [stays] the same e.g .

With its sequence of four thousand years of remains , Jarlshof is the longest-lived and most complex archaeological site in Historic Scotland 's care .
with its sequence of four thousand years of [stays] , jarlshof is the longest-lived and most complex archaeological site in historic scotland 's care .

As well as explaining the remains visible on the site tour , this guide provides an insight into the way of life of the various inhabitants : Neolithic , Bronze Age , Iron Age , Pictish , Viking , Norse/Medieval farmers , fishermen , craftsmen and part-time warriors , all are set into historical , geographical and social perspective .
as well as explaining the [stays] visible on the site tour , this guide provides an insight into the way of life of the various inhabitants : neolithic , bronze age , iron age , pictish , viking , norse/medieval farmers , fishermen , craftsmen and part-time warriors , all are set into historical , geographical and social perspective .

Many can not conceive of a dinner devoid of animal flesh , and steak , turkey , goose , or roast beef remains the orthodox stuff of celebration .
many can not conceive of a dinner devoid of animal flesh , and steak , turkey , goose , or roast beef [stays] the orthodox stuff of celebration .

Social pressure towards more sensitive treatment of nature is unlikely to abate whilst our destruction of what remains of nature so clearly continues .
social pressure towards more sensitive treatment of nature is unlikely to abate whilst our destruction of what [stays] of nature so clearly continues .

The public funding of litigation remains a core question , on every aspect of which the Society has continued to challenge the Government .
the public funding of litigation [stays] a core question , on every aspect of which the society has continued to challenge the government .

Funding themselves through training remains a problem for many students , given the virtual demise of discretionary grants .
funding themselves through training [stays] a problem for many students , given the virtual demise of discretionary grants .

The visible remains consist of several iron guns and extensive areas of the wooden structure of the ship , including carved softwood panelling .
the visible [stays] consist of several iron guns and extensive areas of the wooden structure of the ship , including carved softwood panelling .

At the back of this second tower a long range was added in the late 16th century , possibly to contain a spacious great hall , but little trace of this remains today .
at the back of this second tower a long range was added in the late 16th century , possibly to contain a spacious great hall , but little trace of this [stays] today .

The fact remains that , quite apart from being outside the capabilities of smaller companies , losses still have to be funded from the organisation 's own resources .
the fact [stays] that , quite apart from being outside the capabilities of smaller companies , losses still have to be funded from the organisation 's own resources .

One problem remains , however — how do you find training that is geared to the needs of the individuals ? Where can you get training on one particular area of competence , or on the particular combination of competences that staff and managers need ?
one problem [stays] , however — how do you find training that is geared to the needs of the individuals ? where can you get training on one particular area of competence , or on the particular combination of competences that staff and managers need ?

France remains the second most important market with the United States again third .
france [stays] the second most important market with the united states again third .

The fact remains that it will be a long time before the legal profession properly shakes off the constraints of client expectation that force it to underplay its modern role .
the fact [stays] that it will be a long time before the legal profession properly shakes off the constraints of client expectation that force it to underplay its modern role .

‘ Nevertheless , it remains a big challenge . ’
‘ nevertheless , it [stays] a big challenge . ’

Worse , however , is the fear that what court litigation business remains is being driven South of the Border where courts are believed to move faster .
worse , however , is the fear that what court litigation business [stays] is being driven south of the border where courts are believed to move faster .

This picture is based on evidence derived from studying the shape of the landscape , sedimentary deposits and biological remains .
this picture is based on evidence derived from studying the shape of the landscape , sedimentary deposits and biological [stays] .

These biological remains include pollen , plant fragments , seeds , bones , shells , and insects .
these biological [stays] include pollen , plant fragments , seeds , bones , shells , and insects .

Grey silts on the valley floor contain the abundant remains of salt marsh plants suggesting that at that time this was a shallow inlet of the sea .
grey silts on the valley floor contain the abundant [stays] of salt marsh plants suggesting that at that time this was a shallow inlet of the sea .

Moving up the core the sediments change from a blue grey clay devoid of plant remains to a brown silt containing abundant plant fossils .
moving up the core the sediments change from a blue grey clay devoid of plant [stays] to a brown silt containing abundant plant fossils .

However it may be that a problem remains at the point of delivery of the curriculum — the interface between pupil and teacher — and that gender bias and stereotyping are being reinforced period by period .
however it may be that a problem [stays] at the point of delivery of the curriculum — the interface between pupil and teacher — and that gender bias and stereotyping are being reinforced period by period .

That 's certainly true of the title but that is the only feature of the magazine which remains .
that 's certainly true of the title but that is the only feature of the magazine which [stays] .

All accounts have been paid and £198.73 remains in the Current Account .
all accounts have been paid and £198.73 [stays] in the current account .

The Senior Citizens ‘ Dinner remains very popular .
the senior citizens ‘ dinner [stays] very popular .

One further area in the study of communication remains : the relationships between the elements of communication .
one further area in the study of communication [stays] : the relationships between the elements of communication .

The Council reiterates its previously expressed view that the existing system of local government in Scotland should be retained , that a convincing case for change remains to be made and that the cost , confusion and disruption involved in the proposed reorganisation is not justified .
the council reiterates its previously expressed view that the existing system of local government in scotland should be retained , that a convincing case for change [stays] to be made and that the cost , confusion and disruption involved in the proposed reorganisation is not justified .

Notwithstanding the above , the context for the determination of this appeal is and remains Structure Plan 1985 , as it modifies or supersedes the previously adopted West Sector Local Plan .
notwithstanding the above , the context for the determination of this appeal is and [stays] structure plan 1985 , as it modifies or supersedes the previously adopted west sector local plan .

For example , the cigarette ash referred to above remains in place some 24 hours after being discovered !
for example , the cigarette ash referred to above [stays] in place some 24 hours after being discovered !

Packets of sugar leaking crystals , biscuits , flour seeping on to the scrubbed surface , plates with the remains of a meal .
packets of sugar leaking crystals , biscuits , flour seeping on to the scrubbed surface , plates with the [stays] of a meal .

The atmosphere which is evoked in the reading of the poem is one of hopelessness , of resignation , of dark depression and sadness alleviated only by the concluding couplet through which we understand that although oncoming death seems to ‘ take away ’ everything from him , his beloved still remains and can see the glimmers of life through desolation .
the atmosphere which is evoked in the reading of the poem is one of hopelessness , of resignation , of dark depression and sadness alleviated only by the concluding couplet through which we understand that although oncoming death seems to ‘ take away ’ everything from him , his beloved still [stays] and can see the glimmers of life through desolation .

She remains anonymous throughout , unable to answer , allowing Marlowe to continue to revel in his fantasy .
she [stays] anonymous throughout , unable to answer , allowing marlowe to continue to revel in his fantasy .

People 's reaction to loss remains one of society 's least understood and most off limits topics for discussion .
people 's reaction to loss [stays] one of society 's least understood and most off limits topics for discussion .

The families gathered round in a circle , staring down at the remains of their menfolk .
the families gathered round in a circle , staring down at the [stays] of their menfolk .

On the second day of their slow ride up the river they found traces of Morthen , a snail-shell hair net , slung from the branch of a tree close to the cold remains of a fire .
on the second day of their slow ride up the river they found traces of morthen , a snail-shell hair net , slung from the branch of a tree close to the cold [stays] of a fire .

‘ Then only the shaman remains . ’
‘ then only the shaman [stays] . ’

She almost walked right past the tent , then saw the statue of her mother and brought the sad remains of her son to lay them at Tallis 's feet .
she almost walked right past the tent , then saw the statue of her mother and brought the sad [stays] of her son to lay them at tallis 's feet .

He had the remains of the wolf .
he had the [stays] of the wolf .

He piled up snow and covered the remains .
he piled up snow and covered the [stays] .

Look around the remains .
look around the [stays] .

‘ And you 're going to do all in your power to prevent us taking the remains of this creature , ’ the Doctor continued .
‘ and you 're going to do all in your power to prevent us taking the [stays] of this creature , ’ the doctor continued .

Marshland swept towards the horizon for kilometres , interrupted by the castle in the distance and , a little closer , the remains of a space station .
marshland swept towards the horizon for kilometres , interrupted by the castle in the distance and , a little closer , the [stays] of a space station .

The remains of the machinery indicated a technology far in advance of Earth .
the [stays] of the machinery indicated a technology far in advance of earth .

As a centre of philosophical activity , Edinburgh remains at the forefront in the British Isles , and many of its postgraduates have gone on to pursue academic careers around the world .
as a centre of philosophical activity , edinburgh [stays] at the forefront in the british isles , and many of its postgraduates have gone on to pursue academic careers around the world .

Asmodeus shook away the clinging remains of good old Bill .
asmodeus shook away the clinging [stays] of good old bill .

The earthly remains of Ed Kelley were liberally distributed about the street .
the earthly [stays] of ed kelley were liberally distributed about the street .

Balberith ripped the remains of the fruit and salad bar from its mountings and flung it through the roof .
balberith ripped the [stays] of the fruit and salad bar from its mountings and flung it through the roof .

On the bare and blackened springs of what once had been the driver 's seat , sat the bare and blackened remains of what once had been something or other .
on the bare and blackened springs of what once had been the driver 's seat , sat the bare and blackened [stays] of what once had been something or other .

Sandor Rado , in an article devoted to the elucidation of manic-depressive disorders , expresses the opinion that ‘ At the bottom of the melancholiac 's profound dread of impoverishment there is really simply a dread of starvation … drinking at the mother 's breast remains the radiant image of unremitting , forgiving love , ’ and he adds that ‘ It is certainly no mere chance that the Madonna nursing the Child has become the emblem of a mighty religion and thereby the emblem of a whole epoch in our Western civilization .
sandor rado , in an article devoted to the elucidation of manic-depressive disorders , expresses the opinion that ‘ at the bottom of the melancholiac 's profound dread of impoverishment there is really simply a dread of starvation … drinking at the mother 's breast [stays] the radiant image of unremitting , forgiving love , ’ and he adds that ‘ it is certainly no mere chance that the madonna nursing the child has become the emblem of a mighty religion and thereby the emblem of a whole epoch in our western civilization .

The thesis which should have brought about a major revolution in the study of religion , society and culture has instead been ignored , repudiated and contradicted ; the promised revolution has totally aborted and in general nothing remains in modern applied psychoanalysis of Totem and Taboo save an emasculated , diluted and vitiated remnant .
the thesis which should have brought about a major revolution in the study of religion , society and culture has instead been ignored , repudiated and contradicted ; the promised revolution has totally aborted and in general nothing [stays] in modern applied psychoanalysis of totem and taboo save an emasculated , diluted and vitiated remnant .

It now remains to ask whether there is any significance in this hitherto unknown fact .
it now [stays] to ask whether there is any significance in this hitherto unknown fact .

unresolved oedipal problems ( which formerly might have produced a typical hysteria ) may today lead to a state of unrestrained and self-destructive acting out , and to delinquency , simulating a picture of psychosis , as the ego remains weak and the superego ineffectual in the face of uncontrolled drives .
unresolved oedipal problems ( which formerly might have produced a typical hysteria ) may today lead to a state of unrestrained and self-destructive acting out , and to delinquency , simulating a picture of psychosis , as the ego [stays] weak and the superego ineffectual in the face of uncontrolled drives .

Nevertheless , the question still remains as to whether there is more to the situation than a simple failure in superego-development and a consequent antagonism towards all forms of authority and restraint .
nevertheless , the question still [stays] as to whether there is more to the situation than a simple failure in superego-development and a consequent antagonism towards all forms of authority and restraint .

But for all this , the fact remains that the citizen of the agricultural welfare state is not a primal hunter-gatherer .
but for all this , the fact [stays] that the citizen of the agricultural welfare state is not a primal hunter-gatherer .

This is because the ego remains weak and ineffectual in the face of powerful instinctual demands owing to the inadequacy of the superego and the lack of cultural support .
this is because the ego [stays] weak and ineffectual in the face of powerful instinctual demands owing to the inadequacy of the superego and the lack of cultural support .

As in the case of the classical neurosis , the ego remains weak and ineffectual where the issues of the conflict are concerned and is just as much at its mercy .
as in the case of the classical neurosis , the ego [stays] weak and ineffectual where the issues of the conflict are concerned and is just as much at its mercy .

The university enjoys a location which historically has ensured that it is an important part of the fabric of the city of Edinburgh and thus placed in Scotland 's capital that it remains an important symbol for the nation 's egalitarian spirit , its diverse cultural identity and true internationalism .
the university enjoys a location which historically has ensured that it is an important part of the fabric of the city of edinburgh and thus placed in scotland 's capital that it [stays] an important symbol for the nation 's egalitarian spirit , its diverse cultural identity and true internationalism .

This remains true and the faculty has responded to the needs of the contemporary church in its Practical Theology courses .
this [stays] true and the faculty has responded to the needs of the contemporary church in its practical theology courses .

Archaeology is the study of the human past through the medium of the surviving material remains .
archaeology is the study of the human past through the medium of the surviving material [stays] .

The historian 's approach is based largely on documentary evidence , and the anthropologist encounters contemporary societies and cultures , but the archaeologist works with artefacts , the often fragmentary remains of houses , tools , tombs , industrial or food debris .
the historian 's approach is based largely on documentary evidence , and the anthropologist encounters contemporary societies and cultures , but the archaeologist works with artefacts , the often fragmentary [stays] of houses , tools , tombs , industrial or food debris .

He sat on the edge of his bed tucking into the remains of a Pooley-provided Stilton that Amiss had insisted he finish .
he sat on the edge of his bed tucking into the [stays] of a pooley-provided stilton that amiss had insisted he finish .

Some of these guys had brains once , even if not that much sign remains .
some of these guys had brains once , even if not that much sign [stays] .

Old-age pension and whatever remains of his modest capital .
old-age pension and whatever [stays] of his modest capital .

Nothing remains to me of the pleasures and possessions of my old life , which you now enjoy at my expense .
nothing [stays] to me of the pleasures and possessions of my old life , which you now enjoy at my expense .

‘ Nevertheless the fact remains that disciplinary action against officials who may have exceeded their duties or wilfully abused the position of responsibility with which they have been entrusted is a purely internal matter which will be carried out , should the situation warrant it , by the appropriate authorities at the appropriate time .
‘ nevertheless the fact [stays] that disciplinary action against officials who may have exceeded their duties or wilfully abused the position of responsibility with which they have been entrusted is a purely internal matter which will be carried out , should the situation warrant it , by the appropriate authorities at the appropriate time .

‘ That remains to be proved . ’
‘ that [stays] to be proved . ’

Ribbons had been tied to the charred remains of the weather-vane .
ribbons had been tied to the charred [stays] of the weather-vane .

Bureaucracy remains caught between its politicized tasks and its formal ideology of being non-political , rational and united ( Wolfe 1977 , pp .
bureaucracy [stays] caught between its politicized tasks and its formal ideology of being non-political , rational and united ( wolfe 1977 , pp .

First , the state remains bureaucratized , though with some interesting departures of its own from the classic Weberian model of bureaucracy .
first , the state [stays] bureaucratized , though with some interesting departures of its own from the classic weberian model of bureaucracy .

If the abolition of private property still leaves the proletariat carrying out the orders of management , it remains an exploited class .
if the abolition of private property still leaves the proletariat carrying out the orders of management , it [stays] an exploited class .

Of the three cases of Crohn 's disease with recurrent pouchitis , one remains on longterm low dose maintenance metronidazole and two have required temporary pouch defunctioning by loop ileostomy but have now been closed .
of the three cases of crohn 's disease with recurrent pouchitis , one [stays] on longterm low dose maintenance metronidazole and two have required temporary pouch defunctioning by loop ileostomy but have now been closed .

Of the two patients with recurrent pouchitis who have indeterminate colitis , one remains on lowdose maintenance metronidazole and one has had his pouch excised because of unacceptable functional results .
of the two patients with recurrent pouchitis who have indeterminate colitis , one [stays] on lowdose maintenance metronidazole and one has had his pouch excised because of unacceptable functional results .

If the haemoglobin remains normal after a year it should then be checked after a further year or sooner if the patient becomes symptomatic .
if the haemoglobin [stays] normal after a year it should then be checked after a further year or sooner if the patient becomes symptomatic .

She remains asymptomatic from her bowel and a recent colonoscopy showed only four small polyps in the rectosigmoid region , with no further polyps to the caecum .
she [stays] asymptomatic from her bowel and a recent colonoscopy showed only four small polyps in the rectosigmoid region , with no further polyps to the caecum .

Treatment of atopic dermatitis with essential fatty acids remains controversial .
treatment of atopic dermatitis with essential fatty acids [stays] controversial .

Case-detection through antenatal screening may have logistic , financial , and manpower impediments to implementation but it remains the favoured strategy .
case-detection through antenatal screening may have logistic , financial , and manpower impediments to implementation but it [stays] the favoured strategy .

An unblinded design was necessary for this study , since artemether is commercially available only as an intramuscular injection , but intravenous quinine remains the treatment of choice for cerebral malaria in children .
an unblinded design was necessary for this study , since artemether is commercially available only as an intramuscular injection , but intravenous quinine [stays] the treatment of choice for cerebral malaria in children .

Rebleeding during a course of endoscopic sclerotherapy treatment occurs in 23 % -55 % of patients and remains a significant cause of death in the cirrhotic patient .
rebleeding during a course of endoscopic sclerotherapy treatment occurs in 23 % -55 % of patients and [stays] a significant cause of death in the cirrhotic patient .

While there is little doubt that endoscopic sclerotherapy provides a valuable and effective means of controlling acute variceal haemorrhage its role in the long term management of the problem remains controversial .
while there is little doubt that endoscopic sclerotherapy provides a valuable and effective means of controlling acute variceal haemorrhage its role in the long term management of the problem [stays] controversial .

Although this particular adverse reaction of intravenous amiodarone is rare , it remains important because of the popularity of amiodarone for the treatment of severe life threatening cardiac arrythmias .
although this particular adverse reaction of intravenous amiodarone is rare , it [stays] important because of the popularity of amiodarone for the treatment of severe life threatening cardiac arrythmias .

Sphincterotomes that can be used while a guide wire remains in the common bile duct are now available .
sphincterotomes that can be used while a guide wire [stays] in the common bile duct are now available .

Thus the question of which type of enteral formula diet is better in the treatment of Crohn 's disease remains open , and a study comparing polymeric diets with steroid treatment has , to our knowledge , never been performed .
thus the question of which type of enteral formula diet is better in the treatment of crohn 's disease [stays] open , and a study comparing polymeric diets with steroid treatment has , to our knowledge , never been performed .

Whether this lesion should be biopsied percutaneously at the time of initial imaging remains controversial .
whether this lesion should be biopsied percutaneously at the time of initial imaging [stays] controversial .

Reports on the clinical use of endobiliary biopsy forceps are limited and their place in the investigation of biliary strictures remains to be established .
reports on the clinical use of endobiliary biopsy forceps are limited and their place in the investigation of biliary strictures [stays] to be established .

Although elemental diet is known to decrease gastrointestinal protein loss , faecal leucocyte excretion , and improve intestinal permedability in acute Crohn 's disease , its underlying mode of action remains unclear .
although elemental diet is known to decrease gastrointestinal protein loss , faecal leucocyte excretion , and improve intestinal permedability in acute crohn 's disease , its underlying mode of action [stays] unclear .

Therefore , the role of increased fasting and residual gall bladder volume — as described in this study of patients with acromegaly receiving octreotide treatment — in the formation of gall stones remains uncertain .
therefore , the role of increased fasting and residual gall bladder volume — as described in this study of patients with acromegaly receiving octreotide treatment — in the formation of gall stones [stays] uncertain .

Gall bladder concentration during lunch and dinner ( within 4 to 6 hours of the early morning and afternoon injection ) , however , remains suppressed .
gall bladder concentration during lunch and dinner ( within 4 to 6 hours of the early morning and afternoon injection ) , however , [stays] suppressed .

The timing of active hydrogen ion secretion , however , remains unknown .
the timing of active hydrogen ion secretion , however , [stays] unknown .

The problem of rebleeding remains , however , except in patients treated with shunt surgery .
the problem of rebleeding [stays] , however , except in patients treated with shunt surgery .

The mechanism of this phenomenon remains unknown .
the mechanism of this phenomenon [stays] unknown .

Whether motilin is involved remains to be determined .
whether motilin is involved [stays] to be determined .

Rice starch is not a pure carbohydrate and on ignition about 0.4 % remains as residue .
rice starch is not a pure carbohydrate and on ignition about 0.4 % [stays] as residue .

The role of somatostatin , infused at a rate of 250 µg/h , in our patient remains thus hypothetical .
the role of somatostatin , infused at a rate of 250 µg/h , in our patient [stays] thus hypothetical .

Whether this will influence the longterm patency of the anastomosis , remains to be seen .
whether this will influence the longterm patency of the anastomosis , [stays] to be seen .

The second procedure went smoothly ( as the fluid and electrolyte problems remained controlled after laser and radiotherapy treatment ) , an abdominoperineal resection was performed and the patient remains well six months later .
the second procedure went smoothly ( as the fluid and electrolyte problems remained controlled after laser and radiotherapy treatment ) , an abdominoperineal resection was performed and the patient [stays] well six months later .

It is likely , however , that symptom free and symptomatic gall bladder disease share a common pathogenesis and thus we believe it remains valid to examine factors that predict symptomatic episodes of the illness .
it is likely , however , that symptom free and symptomatic gall bladder disease share a common pathogenesis and thus we believe it [stays] valid to examine factors that predict symptomatic episodes of the illness .

Furthermore , the characteristics of pill users no longer observed were similar to never users no longer observed , so comparison between contraceptive groups also remains valid .
furthermore , the characteristics of pill users no longer observed were similar to never users no longer observed , so comparison between contraceptive groups also [stays] valid .

No complete buildings are intact , but there are extensive remains in walling , gateways , arches and in tombs .
no complete buildings are intact , but there are extensive [stays] in walling , gateways , arches and in tombs .

Etruscan Remains
etruscan [stays]

There are numerous hill towns in central Italy where can be seen extant remains of Etruscan city walling .
there are numerous hill towns in central italy where can be seen extant [stays] of etruscan city walling .

Extensive remains of the foundations of such temples make it relatively easy to establish their plan , but reconstruction of the superstructure is more speculative as almost all the walls and trabeation have disappeared .
extensive [stays] of the foundations of such temples make it relatively easy to establish their plan , but reconstruction of the superstructure is more speculative as almost all the walls and trabeation have disappeared .

The remains of these edifices in Italy , France , Germany , Spain , Yugoslavia , Greece , Rumania and Asia Minor give us a clear idea of their way of life as well as their modes of building and it is a much more complete picture than that which we have from the Greek civilisation because of its very complexity and variety .
the [stays] of these edifices in italy , france , germany , spain , yugoslavia , greece , rumania and asia minor give us a clear idea of their way of life as well as their modes of building and it is a much more complete picture than that which we have from the greek civilisation because of its very complexity and variety .

Greek remains are largely temples ; Roman ones represent every facet of Roman life .
greek [stays] are largely temples ; roman ones represent every facet of roman life .

Remains showing this design can be seen in a number of towns , especially where the city has since declined in importance and later building has not obscured the pattern .
[stays] showing this design can be seen in a number of towns , especially where the city has since declined in importance and later building has not obscured the pattern .

Despite the enormous quantities of marble used on buildings in Imperial Rome , little remains today as it was nearly all used in later ages for further building and decoration .
despite the enormous quantities of marble used on buildings in imperial rome , little [stays] today as it was nearly all used in later ages for further building and decoration .

Buildings and Extant Remains
buildings and extant [stays]

There are remains of a number of these in the Forum Romanum .
there are [stays] of a number of these in the forum romanum .

There are remains of many examples of thermae , particularly in Rome .
there are [stays] of many examples of thermae , particularly in rome .

There are remains of basins and columns in both tepidarium and caldarium .
there are [stays] of basins and columns in both tepidarium and caldarium .

In the Forum Baths , on the other side of the town , the frigidarium is quite well preserved with remains of columns and capitals ( 89 ) .
in the forum baths , on the other side of the town , the frigidarium is quite well preserved with [stays] of columns and capitals ( 89 ) .

Remains of the entablature and Doric pilasters are distinguishable in the ground arcade ( 126 ) .
[stays] of the entablature and doric pilasters are distinguishable in the ground arcade ( 126 ) .

The Roman stage remains in ruined form and has curtailed the orchestra to a semi-circle , but the seating of the auditorium shows the Greek plan carved out of the hillside ( 125 ) .
the roman stage [stays] in ruined form and has curtailed the orchestra to a semi-circle , but the seating of the auditorium shows the greek plan carved out of the hillside ( 125 ) .

The tremendous solidity of the construction accounts for the substantial remains today .
the tremendous solidity of the construction accounts for the substantial [stays] today .

There are only scanty remains of any of the great palaces despite the quantity and richness of the building over several centuries .
there are only scanty [stays] of any of the great palaces despite the quantity and richness of the building over several centuries .

The most complete , and therefore , more interesting remains , include the Maritime Theatre and the Library , the Hall with the square Doric pillars and the Piazza D'Oro or Golden Square .
the most complete , and therefore , more interesting [stays] , include the maritime theatre and the library , the hall with the square doric pillars and the piazza d'oro or golden square .

It is astonishing , considering this turbulent history , that the remains of the palace are so extensive today .
it is astonishing , considering this turbulent history , that the [stays] of the palace are so extensive today .

Inside the walls among Medieval and later houses , are considerable remains of Roman buildings and careful excavation in recent times is still disclosing more of the semi-underground parts of the palace itself .
inside the walls among medieval and later houses , are considerable [stays] of roman buildings and careful excavation in recent times is still disclosing more of the semi-underground parts of the palace itself .

There are very few remains of this type of building in Roman cities , particularly in Rome itself .
there are very few [stays] of this type of building in roman cities , particularly in rome itself .

At Pompeii and Herculaneum there are examples of the domus and the villa while at Ostia can be seen considerable remains of insulae .
at pompeii and herculaneum there are examples of the domus and the villa while at ostia can be seen considerable [stays] of insulae .

Considerable remains of houses and public buildings exist and the layout is clearly defined .
considerable [stays] of houses and public buildings exist and the layout is clearly defined .

Nearby are the remains of the Basilica which was the most impressive building here .
nearby are the [stays] of the basilica which was the most impressive building here .

It is in domestic architecture that Ostia provides the most interesting revelations for here are astonishingly well preserved remains of insulae , the tenement blocks which must have been constructed in quantity in Rome itself and , since Ostia is so near and as it had such close association with the capital , probably of a very similar character .
it is in domestic architecture that ostia provides the most interesting revelations for here are astonishingly well preserved [stays] of insulae , the tenement blocks which must have been constructed in quantity in rome itself and , since ostia is so near and as it had such close association with the capital , probably of a very similar character .

There are extensive remains of Roman building in these countries , mainly where the Roman civilisation extended and altered earlier towns established under Greek culture .
there are extensive [stays] of roman building in these countries , mainly where the roman civilisation extended and altered earlier towns established under greek culture .

Extant remains of Byzantine architecture are largely in the form of churches and cathedrals and herein lies one of the chief differences between it and the preceding Roman epoch , which had produced much secular work as well as temples .
extant [stays] of byzantine architecture are largely in the form of churches and cathedrals and herein lies one of the chief differences between it and the preceding roman epoch , which had produced much secular work as well as temples .

Apart from these walls little remains today of the great Roman city laid out by Constantine and his successors .
apart from these walls little [stays] today of the great roman city laid out by constantine and his successors .

Parts are missing owing to damage by fire and water , but the existing remains are beautifully displayed and in magnificent condition .
parts are missing owing to damage by fire and water , but the existing [stays] are beautifully displayed and in magnificent condition .

Some of the mosaics have been lost during the centuries but much remains and is carefully looked after by the Ravenna authorities .
some of the mosaics have been lost during the centuries but much [stays] and is carefully looked after by the ravenna authorities .

The church is constructed of thin bricks with wide mortar joints ; its atrium has disappeared but the narthex remains .
the church is constructed of thin bricks with wide mortar joints ; its atrium has disappeared but the narthex [stays] .

In these remote valleys of Thessaly , not far from the city of Larisa , are the remains of some of the most remarkable monastery churches .
in these remote valleys of thessaly , not far from the city of larisa , are the [stays] of some of the most remarkable monastery churches .

Bulgaria also had a long history of Byzantine building of churches and monasteries but remains of original work are not numerous or of high quality .
bulgaria also had a long history of byzantine building of churches and monasteries but [stays] of original work are not numerous or of high quality .

In the agora was also to be found the administrative council house — the bouleuterion or senate house — of which interesting remains survive especially at Priene , Termessos and Miletos .
in the agora was also to be found the administrative council house — the bouleuterion or senate house — of which interesting [stays] survive especially at priene , termessos and miletos .

Surviving remains date chiefly from the Hellenistic period ; in consequence , the columns are taller and slenderer than in earlier times and have a wider intercolumniation .
surviving [stays] date chiefly from the hellenistic period ; in consequence , the columns are taller and slenderer than in earlier times and have a wider intercolumniation .

Remains are not extensive and no complete buildings survive intact ; there are , though , many examples of walling , gateways , arches and tombs ( 68–84 ) .
[stays] are not extensive and no complete buildings survive intact ; there are , though , many examples of walling , gateways , arches and tombs ( 68–84 ) .

Foundation remains show the ground plan but reconstruction of the superstructure has to be more speculative .
foundation [stays] show the ground plan but reconstruction of the superstructure has to be more speculative .

Remains are not extensive .
[stays] are not extensive .

Extensive bathing establishments were constructed under the Empire in all cities and substantial remains exist in , especially , Ephesos , Miletos , Pergamon , Hierapolis and Aphrodisias .
extensive bathing establishments were constructed under the empire in all cities and substantial [stays] exist in , especially , ephesos , miletos , pergamon , hierapolis and aphrodisias .

Here are the most ambitious theatres , and those with the most impressive remains .
here are the most ambitious theatres , and those with the most impressive [stays] .

Later insulae , considerable remains of which may be seen at Ostia , were built of concrete and brick and could rise to four or five storeys .
later insulae , considerable [stays] of which may be seen at ostia , were built of concrete and brick and could rise to four or five storeys .

Apart from the theatre , temples and baths already discussed ( pages 82 , 83 ) , excavation has disclosed extensive and impressive remains .
apart from the theatre , temples and baths already discussed ( pages 82 , 83 ) , excavation has disclosed extensive and impressive [stays] .

Extensive Roman civic remains have been excavated in other cities in this area , at Pergamon , Miletos , Side , Sardis and Perge .
extensive roman civic [stays] have been excavated in other cities in this area , at pergamon , miletos , side , sardis and perge .

The remains are extensive and in good condition showing frescoes , mosaics and marbles .
the [stays] are extensive and in good condition showing frescoes , mosaics and marbles .

One major problem remains : if , as seems clear was the case , the main period of depopulation in the mid fifteenth century preceded public hostility to enclosures , why was there a sudden growth of the latter from the second decade of the sixteenth century onwards ?
one major problem [stays] : if , as seems clear was the case , the main period of depopulation in the mid fifteenth century preceded public hostility to enclosures , why was there a sudden growth of the latter from the second decade of the sixteenth century onwards ?

There certainly is scope for such studies : documentary material survives in town archives in such forms as deeds and rentals , and in some cases it can be supplemented by archaeological work , as twentieth-century redevelopment in town centres has given opportunities to investigate the surviving material remains below .
there certainly is scope for such studies : documentary material survives in town archives in such forms as deeds and rentals , and in some cases it can be supplemented by archaeological work , as twentieth-century redevelopment in town centres has given opportunities to investigate the surviving material [stays] below .

One last problem remains , but is probably unanswerable .
one last problem [stays] , but is probably unanswerable .

The epidemiological evidence suggests that the aerosol travels and remains infective at distances of at least 150 metres and perhaps 900 metres or more and that the closer the residence to a cooling tower the higher the risk .
the epidemiological evidence suggests that the aerosol travels and [stays] infective at distances of at least 150 metres and perhaps 900 metres or more and that the closer the residence to a cooling tower the higher the risk .

Whether these agents will be safe enough for clinical use in man remains unknown .
whether these agents will be safe enough for clinical use in man [stays] unknown .

But it remains to be seen whether the commission will examine events of the early 1980s which led to 261 Canadians being infected by contaminated blood and about 800 haemophiliacs becoming infected by tainted blood products .
but it [stays] to be seen whether the commission will examine events of the early 1980s which led to 261 canadians being infected by contaminated blood and about 800 haemophiliacs becoming infected by tainted blood products .

Whether that will hold true across the country remains to be seen .
whether that will hold true across the country [stays] to be seen .

The question of which type of cell is most likely to give the desired result remains unanswered , but work such as theirs will help to elucidate this matter .
the question of which type of cell is most likely to give the desired result [stays] unanswered , but work such as theirs will help to elucidate this matter .

If some doubt still remains how should a choice be made ? Explain any principles involved .
if some doubt still [stays] how should a choice be made ? explain any principles involved .

The precise aetiology remains unclear but fibroblasts and myofibroblasts are thought to have a central role , and superoxide free radicals might be the stimulus to myofibroblast proliferation .
the precise aetiology [stays] unclear but fibroblasts and myofibroblasts are thought to have a central role , and superoxide free radicals might be the stimulus to myofibroblast proliferation .

Endotracheal intubation remains the ideal method of airway management during cardiac arrest despite the development of several alternatives that involve blind passage of devices into the airways .
endotracheal intubation [stays] the ideal method of airway management during cardiac arrest despite the development of several alternatives that involve blind passage of devices into the airways .

Early defibrillation remains the most important determinant of survival in cardiac arrest victims .
early defibrillation [stays] the most important determinant of survival in cardiac arrest victims .

The charred remains of long-forgotten feasts tell us something of our forebears ' habits , but when it comes to tracing human evolution there 's nothing to beat comparison of genetic polymorphisms between modern populations .
the charred [stays] of long-forgotten feasts tell us something of our forebears ' habits , but when it comes to tracing human evolution there 's nothing to beat comparison of genetic polymorphisms between modern populations .

It estimates that if total development assistance were to double in this decade , as it did between 1977 and 1987 , the 4 % target for donor countries remains adequate for population assistance .
it estimates that if total development assistance were to double in this decade , as it did between 1977 and 1987 , the 4 % target for donor countries [stays] adequate for population assistance .

She was staring at the coffin , the wooden box with fancy trimmings which held the mortal remains of Edwin Garland , her uncle and employer .
she was staring at the coffin , the wooden box with fancy trimmings which held the mortal [stays] of edwin garland , her uncle and employer .

Yet the substratum of true locals remains , a distinct , identifiable breed , preserving the town 's unique parochialism and delighting in the frustration of imported bureaucrats .
yet the substratum of true locals [stays] , a distinct , identifiable breed , preserving the town 's unique parochialism and delighting in the frustration of imported bureaucrats .

While it is not easy to establish as an empirical matter what the current income-wealth distribution is , even if it could be established , the question of what degree of inequality should be the trigger for government policy remains .
while it is not easy to establish as an empirical matter what the current income-wealth distribution is , even if it could be established , the question of what degree of inequality should be the trigger for government policy [stays] .

The source of a social welfare function remains a lasting difficulty .
the source of a social welfare function [stays] a lasting difficulty .

represents the ‘ weak ’ poverty trap , where over a wide range of earned income the effect of explicit taxation plus implicit taxation via the loss of means-tested benefits means that disposable income remains largely unaffected .
represents the ‘ weak ’ poverty trap , where over a wide range of earned income the effect of explicit taxation plus implicit taxation via the loss of means-tested benefits means that disposable income [stays] largely unaffected .

If the price level rises to ( falls to ) when the nominal wage remains constant , the real wage falls ( rises ) .
if the price level rises to ( falls to ) when the nominal wage [stays] constant , the real wage falls ( rises ) .

The expenditure side has now become much more fully developed but the analysis of the sources of finance , especially taxation , remains very important .
the expenditure side has now become much more fully developed but the analysis of the sources of finance , especially taxation , [stays] very important .

His interest in Roman remains was minimal , and in any case his ears ( incipient otosclerosis , his personal physician had diagnosed ) seemed to be filling up with thicker and thicker wads of cotton-wool each day .
his interest in roman [stays] was minimal , and in any case his ears ( incipient otosclerosis , his personal physician had diagnosed ) seemed to be filling up with thicker and thicker wads of cotton-wool each day .

To the south lay a vast area of redevelopment , relieved only by the remains of a Victorian terrace .
to the south lay a vast area of redevelopment , relieved only by the [stays] of a victorian terrace .

Take a drive in the country during the hedgehog season and you will see the remains of thousands of them splattered across the roads .
take a drive in the country during the hedgehog season and you will see the [stays] of thousands of them splattered across the roads .

The popular ‘ explanation ’ for these pitiful remains is that the hedgehogs have been run over by motor cars .
the popular ‘ explanation ’ for these pitiful [stays] is that the hedgehogs have been run over by motor cars .

’ The Campbell gestured to the remains of a terraced street which rose from a wasteland of redevelopment .
’ the campbell gestured to the [stays] of a terraced street which rose from a wasteland of redevelopment .

Therefore , by the time you are seven , although your birthdate remains the same , you must actually be celebrating your birthday one week later in the year .
therefore , by the time you are seven , although your birthdate [stays] the same , you must actually be celebrating your birthday one week later in the year .

All this information is visible and always remains part of the module itself .
all this information is visible and always [stays] part of the module itself .

Notwithstanding the above , considerable variation is permitted as long as the maximum remains reasonably above the minimum ( ie. at least twice ) .
notwithstanding the above , considerable variation is permitted as long as the maximum [stays] reasonably above the minimum ( ie. at least twice ) .

All of this information is visible and remains part of the module itself .
all of this information is visible and [stays] part of the module itself .

Why they have n't emulated the success story of the good but overrated Ride remains a mystery .
why they have n't emulated the success story of the good but overrated ride [stays] a mystery .

While Public Enemy 's communiqué remains as powerful and resolute as ever , their approach has undergone a subtle transformation .
while public enemy 's communiqué [stays] as powerful and resolute as ever , their approach has undergone a subtle transformation .

The stonking irony is that a disappointing Fall gig remains worthy of two of most other bands .
the stonking irony is that a disappointing fall gig [stays] worthy of two of most other bands .

Still , for all its high points ( and brilliant sleeve ) , ‘ Do Your Own Thing ’ remains an enjoyable but unsurprising album .
still , for all its high points ( and brilliant sleeve ) , ‘ do your own thing ’ [stays] an enjoyable but unsurprising album .

As ever , complacency remains James ' greatest enemy , when in reality the door is open for a full scale assault on the charts if he and brother David rekindle some of the energy of yore .
as ever , complacency [stays] james ' greatest enemy , when in reality the door is open for a full scale assault on the charts if he and brother david rekindle some of the energy of yore .

He remains a major shareholder in the company with a 14.5 percent stake .
he [stays] a major shareholder in the company with a 14.5 percent stake .

But it was the ritual tramp across Ilkley Moor — or Rombalds Moor , as it is more properly but less popularly known that was the favourite pilgrimage ( and so it remains , to the extent that the track through the purple heather has been worn down in part to bare rock ) .
but it was the ritual tramp across ilkley moor — or rombalds moor , as it is more properly but less popularly known that was the favourite pilgrimage ( and so it [stays] , to the extent that the track through the purple heather has been worn down in part to bare rock ) .

Although the layers of rock appear barren , they contain the fossilised remains of extinct animals , and clues to the lifestyle of our predecessors .
although the layers of rock appear barren , they contain the fossilised [stays] of extinct animals , and clues to the lifestyle of our predecessors .

To date the site has yielded many significant finds , including many well-preserved architectural remains , hundreds of inscriptions and other artifacts , and unusual quantities of splendid sculpture from the Graeco-Roman period .
to date the site has yielded many significant finds , including many well-preserved architectural [stays] , hundreds of inscriptions and other artifacts , and unusual quantities of splendid sculpture from the graeco-roman period .

Energy may be exchanged between materials and the surroundings but the total energy of the materials and surroundings remains constant .
energy may be exchanged between materials and the surroundings but the total energy of the materials and surroundings [stays] constant .

As a result , a function can be replaced by another , perhaps more efficient version , without changing the rest of the program as long as the external behaviour remains the same .
as a result , a function can be replaced by another , perhaps more efficient version , without changing the rest of the program as long as the external behaviour [stays] the same .

At constant pressure , the boiling point remains constant until all the liquid has boiled away .
at constant pressure , the boiling point [stays] constant until all the liquid has boiled away .

The store remains complete .
the store [stays] complete .

The temperature remains constant due to the enthalpy decrease which accompanies freezing .
the temperature [stays] constant due to the enthalpy decrease which accompanies freezing .

Thus democracy is not a regime that remains self-sufficient for decades but is only a direct prelude to the socialist revolution .
thus democracy is not a regime that [stays] self-sufficient for decades but is only a direct prelude to the socialist revolution .

The results from Table 8 , Table 10 , and Table 11 also show that , although there remains a right field advantage in women , males are significantly more lateralised in the left hemisphere and thus verbal abilities than women .
the results from table 8 , table 10 , and table 11 also show that , although there [stays] a right field advantage in women , males are significantly more lateralised in the left hemisphere and thus verbal abilities than women .

Duncan says ‘ the brute fact remains that democratic politics can not prevent the creation of remote , state-entrenched centres of power which tend to promote general apathy , cynicism , and ignorance about politics among the masses of the people ’ .
duncan says ‘ the brute fact [stays] that democratic politics can not prevent the creation of remote , state-entrenched centres of power which tend to promote general apathy , cynicism , and ignorance about politics among the masses of the people ’ .

Our purpose remains to develop your company for the benefit of shareholders , together with employees , customers and suppliers — success for one will be success for all .
our purpose [stays] to develop your company for the benefit of shareholders , together with employees , customers and suppliers — success for one will be success for all .

Although Jack has retired he remains an advisor so that , as Ralph Ellis said at the dinner , ‘ We 'll have the benefit of Jack 's expertise for some time to come . ’
although jack has retired he [stays] an advisor so that , as ralph ellis said at the dinner , ‘ we 'll have the benefit of jack 's expertise for some time to come . ’

The name will change but the professional service remains the same .
the name will change but the professional service [stays] the same .

Although he has retired , the family connection remains , with his son Billy Watt who works as a Crabtree Tuner and his grandson Alec Watt in General Services .
although he has retired , the family connection [stays] , with his son billy watt who works as a crabtree tuner and his grandson alec watt in general services .

My position on what 's happening in the women 's movement at the moment is that it 's really in dire need of reconstruction , and that there would be no possibility of having a sort of joint togetherness as it were with Black women and white women because of some of the things that have been mentioned already — the racism that exists , the fact that feminism as a guiding ideological force remains a sort of tool of imperialism .
my position on what 's happening in the women 's movement at the moment is that it 's really in dire need of reconstruction , and that there would be no possibility of having a sort of joint togetherness as it were with black women and white women because of some of the things that have been mentioned already — the racism that exists , the fact that feminism as a guiding ideological force [stays] a sort of tool of imperialism .

But , the South Africans also have their own local military forces and a big question mark remains as to what is happening with them ( see Spare Rib , No 197 ) .
but , the south africans also have their own local military forces and a big question mark [stays] as to what is happening with them ( see spare rib , no 197 ) .

It remains so today .
it [stays] so today .

Collection of garbage was then , and remains , mostly a local business .
collection of garbage was then , and [stays] , mostly a local business .

The dunderheads etc wander in and out picking hungrily at the remains of a beetroot salad .
the dunderheads etc wander in and out picking hungrily at the [stays] of a beetroot salad .

But he remains interested in foreign policy .
but he [stays] interested in foreign policy .

Upland moors , in some ways the wildest of all our habitats , are threatened as never before — over 30 square miles of heather moor has been lost from the North Yorkshire moors since the war ; on Dartmoor less than 3,500 acres of moorland remains ; in Galloway , The Borders and Northumberland vast tracts of land , once farmland and open moor , now grow solid , dense plantations of alien conifers — and every year much more is targeted for afforestation .
upland moors , in some ways the wildest of all our habitats , are threatened as never before — over 30 square miles of heather moor has been lost from the north yorkshire moors since the war ; on dartmoor less than 3,500 acres of moorland [stays] ; in galloway , the borders and northumberland vast tracts of land , once farmland and open moor , now grow solid , dense plantations of alien conifers — and every year much more is targeted for afforestation .

What remains is an acceptance of peripheral existence on the social level whilst being totally integrated at a work level .
what [stays] is an acceptance of peripheral existence on the social level whilst being totally integrated at a work level .

Newspaper accounts of open-cast coal workings led him to Cowdenbeath in Fife and after several visits he found the remains he was locking for .
newspaper accounts of open-cast coal workings led him to cowdenbeath in fife and after several visits he found the [stays] he was locking for .

The manager , Julie Nisbet is a qualified zoologist who takes a pride in the presentation of a wide range of specimens from tiny ammonites at 20p to the most expensive item on show , a slab of rock found in the Wyoming Green River area which contains the fossilised remains of 3 different types of fishes — a beautiful display which costs £3400 .
the manager , julie nisbet is a qualified zoologist who takes a pride in the presentation of a wide range of specimens from tiny ammonites at 20p to the most expensive item on show , a slab of rock found in the wyoming green river area which contains the fossilised [stays] of 3 different types of fishes — a beautiful display which costs £3400 .

In March , 1988 he uncovered the fossil remains of a 340 million year old lizard-like reptile which some experts believe could be the earliest known ancestor of dinosaurs .
in march , 1988 he uncovered the fossil [stays] of a 340 million year old lizard-like reptile which some experts believe could be the earliest known ancestor of dinosaurs .

Generally the remains are collected from vets and cremated in bulk unless there is a special request for ashes in which case the pet would be dealt with separately .
generally the [stays] are collected from vets and cremated in bulk unless there is a special request for ashes in which case the pet would be dealt with separately .

It remains firm in transit and has a longer shelf life before the softening gene finally overcomes the effects of the inserted gene .
it [stays] firm in transit and has a longer shelf life before the softening gene finally overcomes the effects of the inserted gene .

It was disclosed during June that mass graves containing more remains of about 15,000 Polish Army officers massacred by their Soviet captors in 1940 had been located near Kharkov in the east Ukraine and at Mednoye near Kalinin in western Russia .
it was disclosed during june that mass graves containing more [stays] of about 15,000 polish army officers massacred by their soviet captors in 1940 had been located near kharkov in the east ukraine and at mednoye near kalinin in western russia .

Previously , the remains of some 4,000 of the massacre victims had been unearthed , at Katyn forest near Smolensk in 1943 [ for April 1990 Soviet admission of massacre see pp .
previously , the [stays] of some 4,000 of the massacre victims had been unearthed , at katyn forest near smolensk in 1943 [ for april 1990 soviet admission of massacre see pp .

Martial law was declared in 1976 and remains in force although some powers have been relaxed .
martial law was declared in 1976 and [stays] in force although some powers have been relaxed .

The 10th anniversary on May 4 of the death of Josip Broz Tito , the founder of communist Yugoslavia , was marked by a minute 's silence throughout the country , but also by a demonstration by around 2,000 Serbs in Belgrade calling for an end to the personality cult surrounding Tito and for his remains to be moved from Belgrade to his native Croatia .
the 10th anniversary on may 4 of the death of josip broz tito , the founder of communist yugoslavia , was marked by a minute 's silence throughout the country , but also by a demonstration by around 2,000 serbs in belgrade calling for an end to the personality cult surrounding tito and for his [stays] to be moved from belgrade to his native croatia .

Human rights leaders in April 1989 claimed to have discovered the remains of 40 political dissidents in a secret grave 70 km outside Asunción , allegedly used between 1963 and 1976 .
human rights leaders in april 1989 claimed to have discovered the [stays] of 40 political dissidents in a secret grave 70 km outside asunción , allegedly used between 1963 and 1976 .

The Soviet authorities on April 13 finally admitted Soviet responsibility for the massacre in 1940 of around 15,000 Polish Army officers , including over 4,000 whose remains had been discovered in mass graves in Katyn forest near the Soviet city of Smolensk .
the soviet authorities on april 13 finally admitted soviet responsibility for the massacre in 1940 of around 15,000 polish army officers , including over 4,000 whose [stays] had been discovered in mass graves in katyn forest near the soviet city of smolensk .

Otherwise Greenland remains an integral part of Denmark .
otherwise greenland [stays] an integral part of denmark .

The remains of President Salvador Allende were reburied in the central cemetery of the capital , Santiago , on Sept. 4 , the 20th anniversary of his election to power in 1970 .
the [stays] of president salvador allende were reburied in the central cemetery of the capital , santiago , on sept. 4 , the 20th anniversary of his election to power in 1970 .

Allende 's remains had been brought from the coastal town of Viña del Mar , 80 km from Santiago , where they had lain in an anonymous grave for 17 years .
allende 's [stays] had been brought from the coastal town of viña del mar , 80 km from santiago , where they had lain in an anonymous grave for 17 years .

The reassurance implied by Kohl 's proposal of Feb. 28 , that the West and East German parliaments should give a joint commitment guaranteeing the border after March 18 [ see p. 37260 ] , was undermined by a statement made on March 2 by the Chancellor 's Office in Bonn , indicating that such a commitment " would have to make it clear that the Polish government 's declaration of Aug. 23 , 1953 , waiving any claims to reparations from Germany [ see p. 15271 ] , remains valid , and that the rights of the Germans as agreed by Chancellor Kohl and [ Polish ] Prime Minister Tadeusz Mazowiecki in the joint declaration of Nov. 14 , 1989 [ see pp. 37048-49 ] , will be regulated by a treaty " .
the reassurance implied by kohl 's proposal of feb. 28 , that the west and east german parliaments should give a joint commitment guaranteeing the border after march 18 [ see p. 37260 ] , was undermined by a statement made on march 2 by the chancellor 's office in bonn , indicating that such a commitment " would have to make it clear that the polish government 's declaration of aug. 23 , 1953 , waiving any claims to reparations from germany [ see p. 15271 ] , [stays] valid , and that the rights of the germans as agreed by chancellor kohl and [ polish ] prime minister tadeusz mazowiecki in the joint declaration of nov. 14 , 1989 [ see pp. 37048-49 ] , will be regulated by a treaty " .

William 's reign remains more problematic ; here scholars are prepared to concede a more significant role to Court–Country tensions , although it seems to be the case that at least from 1696 political strife can be understood essentially in terms of a struggle between Whigs and Tories .
william 's reign [stays] more problematic ; here scholars are prepared to concede a more significant role to court–country tensions , although it seems to be the case that at least from 1696 political strife can be understood essentially in terms of a struggle between whigs and tories .

One anonymous poem from these years , for example , stated that … now we 're come to count our gains Wee fynd wee did but shift our chains , The Tyrant 's gon , the Tyranny remains .
one anonymous poem from these years , for example , stated that … now we 're come to count our gains wee fynd wee did but shift our chains , the tyrant 's gon , the tyranny [stays] .

Instead of having the children go through the small group work suggested above , the teacher remains in role as the Pied Piper and the children are asked to elect two or three representatives who will seek out the Pied Piper and try to bargain with him/her .
instead of having the children go through the small group work suggested above , the teacher [stays] in role as the pied piper and the children are asked to elect two or three representatives who will seek out the pied piper and try to bargain with him/her .

If anything more was promised informally or verbally the American version remains classified .
if anything more was promised informally or verbally the american version [stays] classified .

In particular , the option writer 's possible gain is restricted to the price at which he sells the option , the option premium , while his potential exposure to loss is unlimited so long as the contract remains open .
in particular , the option writer 's possible gain is restricted to the price at which he sells the option , the option premium , while his potential exposure to loss is unlimited so long as the contract [stays] open .

Although the scheme has not been activated since December 1979 , it remains available as a method of withdrawing cash from the banking system .
although the scheme has not been activated since december 1979 , it [stays] available as a method of withdrawing cash from the banking system .

Although the abandonment of overfunding has meant that this problem has ( although maybe only temporarily ) been resolved there still remains an issue as to the relationship between central government and the local authorities .
although the abandonment of overfunding has meant that this problem has ( although maybe only temporarily ) been resolved there still [stays] an issue as to the relationship between central government and the local authorities .

However , the responsibility for any report included in listing particulars or a prospectus ( for example , an accountants ' report ) remains with the person who has given his consent to the inclusion of that report in the form and context in which it is included .
however , the responsibility for any report included in listing particulars or a prospectus ( for example , an accountants ' report ) [stays] with the person who has given his consent to the inclusion of that report in the form and context in which it is included .

The Director paused and watched the scene below for a few thoughtful seconds , as a squad of house servants bagged and carried out the human remains , and began stripping off the blood-soaked canvas cover from the padded squares underneath , removing it for cleaning .
the director paused and watched the scene below for a few thoughtful seconds , as a squad of house servants bagged and carried out the human [stays] , and began stripping off the blood-soaked canvas cover from the padded squares underneath , removing it for cleaning .

For us lesser mortals a redfin of two-pounds remains the fish to aim for and the capture of just one can be the catch of a lifetime .
for us lesser mortals a redfin of two-pounds [stays] the fish to aim for and the capture of just one can be the catch of a lifetime .

If a swim stubbornly remains dead , take a walk along the bank to see how any other anglers are faring .
if a swim stubbornly [stays] dead , take a walk along the bank to see how any other anglers are faring .

Either way , the club remains legal and if it brings relief from pain on the greens then , say salesmen , it is worth every penny .
either way , the club [stays] legal and if it brings relief from pain on the greens then , say salesmen , it is worth every penny .

However , if your left heel lifts during the backswing or both feet remain firmly planted at the top , bracing the right foot , leg and hip during the backswing remains crucial to the working of the legs during the forward swing .
however , if your left heel lifts during the backswing or both feet remain firmly planted at the top , bracing the right foot , leg and hip during the backswing [stays] crucial to the working of the legs during the forward swing .

You should ensure that your arm remains straight throughout the movement and that you retain the wrist angle shown .
you should ensure that your arm [stays] straight throughout the movement and that you retain the wrist angle shown .

This year the situation remains the same .
this year the situation [stays] the same .

It is widely accepted that the Industrial Revolution in the eighteenth century was preceded by a long period of gradual economic growth , but when the upturn began remains uncertain .
it is widely accepted that the industrial revolution in the eighteenth century was preceded by a long period of gradual economic growth , but when the upturn began [stays] uncertain .

Part was published in the 1939 work Prices and Wages in England from the Twelfth to the Nineteenth Centuries , but there remains a mass of data and comments written by Beveridge himself and his many research assistants .
part was published in the 1939 work prices and wages in england from the twelfth to the nineteenth centuries , but there [stays] a mass of data and comments written by beveridge himself and his many research assistants .

By using the remains at San Vincenzo as an index of this period , it is possible to interpret the other types of archaeological remains more fully .
by using the [stays] at san vincenzo as an index of this period , it is possible to interpret the other types of archaeological [stays] more fully .

Despite its reputation as one of the most efficiently managed economies , Japan 's system of labour-management relations remains an enigma in Britain and Europe .
despite its reputation as one of the most efficiently managed economies , japan 's system of labour-management relations [stays] an enigma in britain and europe .

Direct selling in customers ' homes is to some extent accepted practice for a number of consumer product groups such as perfumes , cosmetics and toiletries but remains an area of unexplored potential for a number of others .
direct selling in customers ' homes is to some extent accepted practice for a number of consumer product groups such as perfumes , cosmetics and toiletries but [stays] an area of unexplored potential for a number of others .

This in turn means that why people do things — work , invest , employ others — which are affected by tax remains something of a mystery .
this in turn means that why people do things — work , invest , employ others — which are affected by tax [stays] something of a mystery .

Care of the natural environment remains a matter of great social concern .
care of the natural environment [stays] a matter of great social concern .

The use of trade policies , such as tariffs and devaluation as a means of improving economic performance remains controversial .
the use of trade policies , such as tariffs and devaluation as a means of improving economic performance [stays] controversial .

Whilst the Reynolds Committee guidelines and the Winfield Report are beginning to influence research student supervision , there still remains considerable variety in provision .
whilst the reynolds committee guidelines and the winfield report are beginning to influence research student supervision , there still [stays] considerable variety in provision .

Levels of self employment in the Northern region are the lowest in Britain , whereas unemployment remains high , despite recent falls .
levels of self employment in the northern region are the lowest in britain , whereas unemployment [stays] high , despite recent falls .

Wage evidence could also be noted , but it is even scarcer than price data , and it remains as yet uncertain whether any particular trend swill be discernable .
wage evidence could also be noted , but it is even scarcer than price data , and it [stays] as yet uncertain whether any particular trend swill be discernable .

The majority of economic historians would probably incline more to the latter view now , though the extent to which revisionist case can be taken remains debatable .
the majority of economic historians would probably incline more to the latter view now , though the extent to which revisionist case can be taken [stays] debatable .

Equations which have insufficient microeconomic foundations may not be truly structural in the sense that their specification remains invariant over a wide range of interesting developments of the economy .
equations which have insufficient microeconomic foundations may not be truly structural in the sense that their specification [stays] invariant over a wide range of interesting developments of the economy .

The persistence of severe and deep-rooted regional imbalances in regional economic and social well-being remains one of the major issues that will shape future public policy developments and their impact in the 1990's .
the persistence of severe and deep-rooted regional imbalances in regional economic and social well-being [stays] one of the major issues that will shape future public policy developments and their impact in the 1990's .

However , experience teaches that we can not become complacent — the balance between man and micro-organism remains delicate ; banished infections can readily invade from overseas .
however , experience teaches that we can not become complacent — the balance between man and micro-organism [stays] delicate ; banished infections can readily invade from overseas .

However , the statistical picture remains somewhat unclear for two main reasons : the data have not always been analysed with sufficient attention to all the possible factors implicated in such over-representation ; there are insufficient provincial data to show how general are the London results .
however , the statistical picture [stays] somewhat unclear for two main reasons : the data have not always been analysed with sufficient attention to all the possible factors implicated in such over-representation ; there are insufficient provincial data to show how general are the london results .

Nevertheless , the investigator 's earlier research in Atlanta , Georgia , shows that , in this city , residential segregation remains , the gap between predominantly black and white areas has increased in important respects , and inequality among black neighbourhoods has increased .
nevertheless , the investigator 's earlier research in atlanta , georgia , shows that , in this city , residential segregation [stays] , the gap between predominantly black and white areas has increased in important respects , and inequality among black neighbourhoods has increased .

The issue of contraception remains crucial in the 1990s .
the issue of contraception [stays] crucial in the 1990s .

While there has been much speculation as to the cause of these phenomena , the corpus of relevant empirical research remains small .
while there has been much speculation as to the cause of these phenomena , the corpus of relevant empirical research [stays] small .

Thus high office remains accessible to a relatively wide range of royal kin and commoners wield significant power over the succession .
thus high office [stays] accessible to a relatively wide range of royal kin and commoners wield significant power over the succession .

European nations have always been , in one way and another , multi-lingual and multi-cultural , and despite policies which have promoted , and sometimes imposed , a common , standard tongue for all citizens , multilingualism remains a feature characteristic of European states .
european nations have always been , in one way and another , multi-lingual and multi-cultural , and despite policies which have promoted , and sometimes imposed , a common , standard tongue for all citizens , multilingualism [stays] a feature characteristic of european states .

Writing is included because , particularly at the later phases of primary schooling , curriculum guidelines are rare , and it remains unclear as to what might reasonably be expected of children once they have mastered putting words onto paper .
writing is included because , particularly at the later phases of primary schooling , curriculum guidelines are rare , and it [stays] unclear as to what might reasonably be expected of children once they have mastered putting words onto paper .

The important point about this category of moves , is that the ‘ home ’ remains in existence and a person is required to establish a new life elsewhere .
the important point about this category of moves , is that the ‘ home ’ [stays] in existence and a person is required to establish a new life elsewhere .

The 23-year-old Argentinian Sabatini remains one of the sport 's great under-achievers .
the 23-year-old argentinian sabatini [stays] one of the sport 's great under-achievers .

The fact remains , however , that the challenger whose record is 19 wins and nine defeats has lost four of his last six fights and six of his last eight .
the fact [stays] , however , that the challenger whose record is 19 wins and nine defeats has lost four of his last six fights and six of his last eight .

Eight years after setting a world mile record which still remains unchallenged today , the 32-year-old has abandoned his glittering international miling career to make his eagerly-awaited move up the distance ladder .
eight years after setting a world mile record which still [stays] unchallenged today , the 32-year-old has abandoned his glittering international miling career to make his eagerly-awaited move up the distance ladder .

One remains unassuming with a smack of humility , the other aggressive with a raw animal power .
one [stays] unassuming with a smack of humility , the other aggressive with a raw animal power .

Two transepts , north and south , were added in 1906 , but , curiously enough , a church tower which had originally been proposed remains uncompleted .
two transepts , north and south , were added in 1906 , but , curiously enough , a church tower which had originally been proposed [stays] uncompleted .

Despite renewed contacts in 1984 , the enmity between the two Korean regimes remains deep .
despite renewed contacts in 1984 , the enmity between the two korean regimes [stays] deep .

If no development gain arises , then the matter remains entirely one of capital under the capital gains tax rules .
if no development gain arises , then the matter [stays] entirely one of capital under the capital gains tax rules .

But it remains unclear what type of rifle was used in the two most recent murders in Forkhill and Crossmaglen .
but it [stays] unclear what type of rifle was used in the two most recent murders in forkhill and crossmaglen .

But the former Monaghan manager remains convinced that there is little wrong with the game itself as it stands , providing the rules are enforced .
but the former monaghan manager [stays] convinced that there is little wrong with the game itself as it stands , providing the rules are enforced .

With as many as 16 games some Sundays he readily concedes there will always be some degree of controversy , but he remains defiantly optimistic and upbeat .
with as many as 16 games some sundays he readily concedes there will always be some degree of controversy , but he [stays] defiantly optimistic and upbeat .

The other victim remains seriously ill in hospital with leg injuries .
the other victim [stays] seriously ill in hospital with leg injuries .

There 's much talk of a bonding scheme after collapse , just the latest in a recent series , but whether anything is done remains to be seen .
there 's much talk of a bonding scheme after collapse , just the latest in a recent series , but whether anything is done [stays] to be seen .

It remains to be seen how his ‘ failure ’ at Wigan will affect that situation .
it [stays] to be seen how his ‘ failure ’ at wigan will affect that situation .

Still a win is a win and a most popular one at that with the majority of a crowd that was building towards 25,000 , mindful of the previous Saturday 's events at Lansdowne Road where the eclipse of England remains the season 's highlight .
still a win is a win and a most popular one at that with the majority of a crowd that was building towards 25,000 , mindful of the previous saturday 's events at lansdowne road where the eclipse of england [stays] the season 's highlight .

And when all has been said and done , the fact remains that a player must serve his ban while his club still has games to play , be it in the league or cup .
and when all has been said and done , the fact [stays] that a player must serve his ban while his club still has games to play , be it in the league or cup .

As for the opposition , Gaselee has his eyes on Royal Athlete who finished third in the Cheltenham Gold Cup , Zeta 's Lad who has won five races this season , but is doubtful if the ground remains on the firm side and surprisingly Garrison Savannah who has been rather overlooked by the National pundits this year .
as for the opposition , gaselee has his eyes on royal athlete who finished third in the cheltenham gold cup , zeta 's lad who has won five races this season , but is doubtful if the ground [stays] on the firm side and surprisingly garrison savannah who has been rather overlooked by the national pundits this year .

It remains to be seen if they have applicability to the much more complex discriminant analysis problems routinely undertaken by classical taxonomists .
it [stays] to be seen if they have applicability to the much more complex discriminant analysis problems routinely undertaken by classical taxonomists .

The effects of load torque and inertia are separated at the beginning of acceleration interval by allowing the motor to move several Steps with all phases unexcited ; a system with high load torque and low inertia decelerates but if the load torque is small and the inertia high the velocity remains substantially constant .
the effects of load torque and inertia are separated at the beginning of acceleration interval by allowing the motor to move several steps with all phases unexcited ; a system with high load torque and low inertia decelerates but if the load torque is small and the inertia high the velocity [stays] substantially constant .

No new generic names has been proposed fro `` Ophiophthalmus `` partly because there has been no opportunity to look at all the material but mainly because it remains to be demonstrated that it is distinct from the genus Ophiomitrella as stated before .
no new generic names has been proposed fro `` ophiophthalmus `` partly because there has been no opportunity to look at all the material but mainly because it [stays] to be demonstrated that it is distinct from the genus ophiomitrella as stated before .

It has also been described from eastern Canada with fish remains very like those of the classic Scottish sections .
it has also been described from eastern canada with fish [stays] very like those of the classic scottish sections .

Nevertheless , even allowing for all the frailties of palaeontologists , there still remains a remarkable picture of palaeontological persistence .
nevertheless , even allowing for all the frailties of palaeontologists , there still [stays] a remarkable picture of palaeontological persistence .

It is well known that Roman remains are found at considerable depth in the lower Thames Valley and that the `` Roman snail `` they introduced to Britain is found far down in hill wash and similar deposits .
it is well known that roman [stays] are found at considerable depth in the lower thames valley and that the `` roman snail `` they introduced to britain is found far down in hill wash and similar deposits .

The rush of visitors to the area since the popular romanticism of the `` Lakeland poets `` has led to major changes in the micro-organisms and the deposition of their remains , due largely to the effects of human effluent .
the rush of visitors to the area since the popular romanticism of the `` lakeland poets `` has led to major changes in the micro-organisms and the deposition of their [stays] , due largely to the effects of human effluent .

The only place where this type of sedimentation seems to be going on at the present day is in the ocean depths , where the deposits consist mainly of the remains of minute pelagic organisms , literally raining down from a watery heaven , plus volcanic dust raining down more intermittently from the aerial heaven above .
the only place where this type of sedimentation seems to be going on at the present day is in the ocean depths , where the deposits consist mainly of the [stays] of minute pelagic organisms , literally raining down from a watery heaven , plus volcanic dust raining down more intermittently from the aerial heaven above .

At times , of course , we know that the rate of subsidence ( and the rate of uplift ) has influenced the type of sedimentation , so the two are connected , but my general thesis remains that for the preservation of the bulk of the continental stratigraphical record we must think of the two as separate and independent phenomena .
at times , of course , we know that the rate of subsidence ( and the rate of uplift ) has influenced the type of sedimentation , so the two are connected , but my general thesis [stays] that for the preservation of the bulk of the continental stratigraphical record we must think of the two as separate and independent phenomena .

It still remains difficult to explain the Gingin Chalk of faraway Australia , though one might guess that this is part of the same phenomenon that produced the almost world-wide `` Cenomanian transgression `` .
it still [stays] difficult to explain the gingin chalk of faraway australia , though one might guess that this is part of the same phenomenon that produced the almost world-wide `` cenomanian transgression `` .

It does happen , however , in the inflationary expansion because the energy density of the supercooled state remains constant while the universe expands : when the universe doubles in size , the positive matter energy and the negative gravitational energy both double , so the total energy remains zero .
it does happen , however , in the inflationary expansion because the energy density of the supercooled state [stays] constant while the universe expands : when the universe doubles in size , the positive matter energy and the negative gravitational energy both double , so the total energy [stays] zero .

To return to the arrow of time , there remains the question : Why do we observe that the thermodynamic and cosmological arrows point in the same direction ? Or in other words , why does disorder increase in the same direction of time as that in which the universe expands ? If one believes that the universe will expand and then contract again , as the no boundary proposal seems to imply , this becomes a question of why we should be in the expanding phase rather than the contracting phase .
to return to the arrow of time , there [stays] the question : why do we observe that the thermodynamic and cosmological arrows point in the same direction ? or in other words , why does disorder increase in the same direction of time as that in which the universe expands ? if one believes that the universe will expand and then contract again , as the no boundary proposal seems to imply , this becomes a question of why we should be in the expanding phase rather than the contracting phase .

If a two-dimensional creature ate something it could not digest completely , it would have to bring up the remains the same way it swallowed them , because if there were a passage right through its body , it would divide the creature into two separate halves ; our two-dimensional being would fall apart ( Fig .
if a two-dimensional creature ate something it could not digest completely , it would have to bring up the [stays] the same way it swallowed them , because if there were a passage right through its body , it would divide the creature into two separate halves ; our two-dimensional being would fall apart ( fig .

She had done everything to please her loved ones : violets laboriously gathered — she squeezed their overheated remains in her pocket : the double butterfly , so unkindly rejected and expelled ; the pigeons , sated and uncaring before her own hands could minister to their hunger and earn their cooing gratitude .
she had done everything to please her loved ones : violets laboriously gathered — she squeezed their overheated [stays] in her pocket : the double butterfly , so unkindly rejected and expelled ; the pigeons , sated and uncaring before her own hands could minister to their hunger and earn their cooing gratitude .

She had enjoyed bringing him goodies from the kitchen — ends of puddings in one of the dogs ' dishes , the last remains of cakes , meat , bones — only chicken bones , because they were so bad for the dogs .
she had enjoyed bringing him goodies from the kitchen — ends of puddings in one of the dogs ' dishes , the last [stays] of cakes , meat , bones — only chicken bones , because they were so bad for the dogs .

Somewhere , there must be the remains , of not only a Roman bathing establishment , but also a temple and sanctuary dedicated to this goddess .
somewhere , there must be the [stays] , of not only a roman bathing establishment , but also a temple and sanctuary dedicated to this goddess .

Villas were profit-making concerns which needed to dispose of their produce to remain viable ; towns provided convenient markets , but why some small towns should have seemingly provided better markets than their larger counterparts remains unclear .
villas were profit-making concerns which needed to dispose of their produce to remain viable ; towns provided convenient markets , but why some small towns should have seemingly provided better markets than their larger counterparts [stays] unclear .

Unfortunately , detailed evidence for the nature of these connections is limited , so it remains impossible to estimate how many of the inhabitants were involved in farming as opposed to other occupations .
unfortunately , detailed evidence for the nature of these connections is limited , so it [stays] impossible to estimate how many of the inhabitants were involved in farming as opposed to other occupations .

It remains difficult , however , to measure this level of self-sufficiency on purely archaeological grounds .
it [stays] difficult , however , to measure this level of self-sufficiency on purely archaeological grounds .

Various courtyard buildings have sometimes been interpreted as markets , but certainty of identification remains impossible on current evidence .
various courtyard buildings have sometimes been interpreted as markets , but certainty of identification [stays] impossible on current evidence .

It remains to mention the evidence for harbours and quays in the small towns , as indicators of a possible role in the distribution of goods .
it [stays] to mention the evidence for harbours and quays in the small towns , as indicators of a possible role in the distribution of goods .

But the vital question still remains , no matter whether a second-century fort existed or not : at what point did the vicus become a genuine town ?
but the vital question still [stays] , no matter whether a second-century fort existed or not : at what point did the vicus become a genuine town ?

The famous aqueduct seen working by St Cuthbert remains elusive , but a water tank inside the portico of a building uncovered at Tullie House was presumably fed by it .
the famous aqueduct seen working by st cuthbert [stays] elusive , but a water tank inside the portico of a building uncovered at tullie house was presumably fed by it .

But if this civitas was constituted during the last half of the second century , the problem remains : why was the forum , if it was a forum , never completed ?
but if this civitas was constituted during the last half of the second century , the problem [stays] : why was the forum , if it was a forum , never completed ?

The religious observances of the inhabitants of Corbridge are well attested , not only through the structural remains of the six or so temples which lined the south side of the main east-west street near the military compounds but also through the number of dedications and items of religious sculpture which have been recovered from the site ; quite a number , though , of the dedications were made by military personnel or army units .
the religious observances of the inhabitants of corbridge are well attested , not only through the structural [stays] of the six or so temples which lined the south side of the main east-west street near the military compounds but also through the number of dedications and items of religious sculpture which have been recovered from the site ; quite a number , though , of the dedications were made by military personnel or army units .

Inside the enclosure , occupation horizons included the remains of at least one circular house , quantities of animal bone and metal-working slag , and characteristic late Iron-Age coarse pottery , matching material from Ham Hill and local Durotrigian wares ; there was nothing definitely Roman in the sample .
inside the enclosure , occupation horizons included the [stays] of at least one circular house , quantities of animal bone and metal-working slag , and characteristic late iron-age coarse pottery , matching material from ham hill and local durotrigian wares ; there was nothing definitely roman in the sample .

How this site fits into the overall picture remains uncertain , but it must surely indicate a significant shift in the local settlement pattern on the eve of the conquest .
how this site fits into the overall picture [stays] uncertain , but it must surely indicate a significant shift in the local settlement pattern on the eve of the conquest .

At least one large building is known beneath the church and its graveyard , incorporating a range of rooms along its eastern side floored by tessellated pavements , but its precise function remains uncertain .
at least one large building is known beneath the church and its graveyard , incorporating a range of rooms along its eastern side floored by tessellated pavements , but its precise function [stays] uncertain .

This recalls the sequence at several civitas capitals , including Cirencester and Exeter , but it remains unique to date at the small towns .
this recalls the sequence at several civitas capitals , including cirencester and exeter , but it [stays] unique to date at the small towns .

Comparable terracing has been noted elsewhere , at the south-east corner and along the south side , but the overall effect on the efficiency of the defences remains uncertain .
comparable terracing has been noted elsewhere , at the south-east corner and along the south side , but the overall effect on the efficiency of the defences [stays] uncertain .

One second-century rectangular pit contained several pottery vessels , a dedicatory inscription and three republican coins , while a re-used fourth-century well had large quantities of animal bone including some complete carcasses and well-preserved plant , wood and leather remains .
one second-century rectangular pit contained several pottery vessels , a dedicatory inscription and three republican coins , while a re-used fourth-century well had large quantities of animal bone including some complete carcasses and well-preserved plant , wood and leather [stays] .

Although challenged , this remains the most convincing explanation .
although challenged , this [stays] the most convincing explanation .

How extensive such activity was on the eve of any military operations remains uncertain , while its implications for the early stages of urban growth at Kenchester must await further research .
how extensive such activity was on the eve of any military operations [stays] uncertain , while its implications for the early stages of urban growth at kenchester must await further research .

More importantly , however , the remains overlay burnt material , while the make-up levels on Site 2 contained Antonine pottery , thus demonstrating that the building ( s ) were part of an overall design reshaping the town centre , which might also have included the first phase of the defences .
more importantly , however , the [stays] overlay burnt material , while the make-up levels on site 2 contained antonine pottery , thus demonstrating that the building ( s ) were part of an overall design reshaping the town centre , which might also have included the first phase of the defences .

One large example lay just inside the east gate , although its plan could not be reconstructed from the rather fragmentary remains which certainly included four hypocausts and two mosaics .
one large example lay just inside the east gate , although its plan could not be reconstructed from the rather fragmentary [stays] which certainly included four hypocausts and two mosaics .

Whether this was all part of a single private house remains uncertain , because its location just inside one of the town 's principal entrances might suggest an official function .
whether this was all part of a single private house [stays] uncertain , because its location just inside one of the town 's principal entrances might suggest an official function .

These methods of construction , notably turf on a stone platform , employed at two of the three sites , timber gates at one at least and a palisade at the third , possess a martial appearance which remains unmatched at any other towns in Britain , where earthwork fortifications were normally of unrevetted dump construction , using material either scraped up from the surface or derived from digging ditches .
these methods of construction , notably turf on a stone platform , employed at two of the three sites , timber gates at one at least and a palisade at the third , possess a martial appearance which [stays] unmatched at any other towns in britain , where earthwork fortifications were normally of unrevetted dump construction , using material either scraped up from the surface or derived from digging ditches .

But masonry of this nature might equally be part of a dock or quay , so the correct position of the Roman bridge still remains in considerable doubt .
but masonry of this nature might equally be part of a dock or quay , so the correct position of the roman bridge still [stays] in considerable doubt .

Excavations have revealed fragmentary remains of substantial masonry buildings within the town walls , but no complete plans have been recovered .
excavations have revealed fragmentary [stays] of substantial masonry buildings within the town walls , but no complete plans have been recovered .

Although Water Newton 's remains attracted the attention of leading antiquarians from Camden to Stukeley , their full potential was not really appreciated until 1828 , when Artis published copious illustrations of his 1820–7 excavations .
although water newton 's [stays] attracted the attention of leading antiquarians from camden to stukeley , their full potential was not really appreciated until 1828 , when artis published copious illustrations of his 1820–7 excavations .

It remains unexcavated , and therefore difficult to date , but it would logically belong in the pre-Flavian phase of consolidation , protecting an important river crossing on the main north-south line of communication , like the forts at Godmanchester and Great Casterton .
it [stays] unexcavated , and therefore difficult to date , but it would logically belong in the pre-flavian phase of consolidation , protecting an important river crossing on the main north-south line of communication , like the forts at godmanchester and great casterton .

South of the river , above the flood plain , numerous side-streets and lanes run both obliquely and at right angles to the frontages , serving further densely occupied zones within the defended area which enclosed 18 ha ( 44 acres ) . Unfortunately their relative chronology remains uncertain , but many are linked by cross-streets which perhaps suggest three or possibly four broad stages of growth :
south of the river , above the flood plain , numerous side-streets and lanes run both obliquely and at right angles to the frontages , serving further densely occupied zones within the defended area which enclosed 18 ha ( 44 acres ) . unfortunately their relative chronology [stays] uncertain , but many are linked by cross-streets which perhaps suggest three or possibly four broad stages of growth :

Excavation in 1973 1 km ( 0.6 miles ) to the south revealed further stone buildings fronting Ermine Street , though whether occupation was continuous between the two areas remains uncertain .
excavation in 1973 1 km ( 0.6 miles ) to the south revealed further stone buildings fronting ermine street , though whether occupation was continuous between the two areas [stays] uncertain .

It had been erected in the second half of the second century to house c number of specialist kilns and furnaces , but clearly overlay the remains of earlier bonfire kilns and spreads of potters ' clay .
it had been erected in the second half of the second century to house c number of specialist kilns and furnaces , but clearly overlay the [stays] of earlier bonfire kilns and spreads of potters ' clay .

These are interpreted as the remains of bonfire or clamp-type kilns , together with a few more substantial updraught examples .
these are interpreted as the [stays] of bonfire or clamp-type kilns , together with a few more substantial updraught examples .

Its exact interpretation remains debatable , but it can plausibly be seen as the more valuable possessions , perhaps the church plate , of a fourth-century Christian community focused on the town .
its exact interpretation [stays] debatable , but it can plausibly be seen as the more valuable possessions , perhaps the church plate , of a fourth-century christian community focused on the town .

Rectangular towers , also unexcavated , appear fairly evenly spaced along the exterior of the wall on at least two sides , but their relationship to the wall remains unknown .
rectangular towers , also unexcavated , appear fairly evenly spaced along the exterior of the wall on at least two sides , but their relationship to the wall [stays] unknown .

It remains unclear , however , whether this relates to the whole community at Durobrivae or merely one ward within the town .
it [stays] unclear , however , whether this relates to the whole community at durobrivae or merely one ward within the town .

For instance the 1970s concern remains that public expenditure pay may neither be under control for particular groups of workers nor spent wisely or efficiently for others .
for instance the 1970s concern [stays] that public expenditure pay may neither be under control for particular groups of workers nor spent wisely or efficiently for others .

There still remains the question ‘ What , if any , is the liability of the seller ?
there still [stays] the question ‘ what , if any , is the liability of the seller ?

The auction sale to the one who does bid remains perfectly valid , Harrop v. Thompson ( 1975 Ch.D . )
the auction sale to the one who does bid [stays] perfectly valid , harrop v. thompson ( 1975 ch.d . )

‘ This case is about ensuring that proper representation remains available to those who need criminal legal aid .
‘ this case is about ensuring that proper representation [stays] available to those who need criminal legal aid .

But the fact remains that twenty seven months after legislation to allow clients to choose solicitors to appear for them in the higher courts came into effect , the Advisory Committee has been unable to advance the process .
but the fact [stays] that twenty seven months after legislation to allow clients to choose solicitors to appear for them in the higher courts came into effect , the advisory committee has been unable to advance the process .

The image remains 24 bit , and such things as graduated fills , although not faithfully rendered onscreen , are perfectly applied within the file , and will print correctly .
the image [stays] 24 bit , and such things as graduated fills , although not faithfully rendered onscreen , are perfectly applied within the file , and will print correctly .

The graphic presentation in each of the three products is much improved from Fun School 3 , but each volume has its own quirks as regards controls and interface — this remains the main grumble as far as this reviewer is concerned .
the graphic presentation in each of the three products is much improved from fun school 3 , but each volume has its own quirks as regards controls and interface — this [stays] the main grumble as far as this reviewer is concerned .

But he remains the realist .
but he [stays] the realist .

The Low Moor is part of the old racecourse with the remains of the grand-stand still standing , while the High Moor is six furlongs uphill with tremendous turf .
the low moor is part of the old racecourse with the [stays] of the grand-stand still standing , while the high moor is six furlongs uphill with tremendous turf .

Watts has the technique of being able to get the best out of a horse , whether he is a sprinter or a stayer , yet finding the optimum trip for his horses remains one of the most taxing problems .
watts has the technique of being able to get the best out of a horse , whether he is a sprinter or a stayer , yet finding the optimum trip for his horses [stays] one of the most taxing problems .

They discovered Julie 's jeep and Mr Ward found his daughter 's remains on the ashes of a fire in the bush .
they discovered julie 's jeep and mr ward found his daughter 's [stays] on the ashes of a fire in the bush .

And the 42-year-old media mogul from Osterley , West London , remains buoyant in his outlook .
and the 42-year-old media mogul from osterley , west london , [stays] buoyant in his outlook .

However , the fact remains that under Health Service regulations he can claim £45 for every call-out between 10pm and 8am .
however , the fact [stays] that under health service regulations he can claim £45 for every call-out between 10pm and 8am .

He peered in the half darkness at the metal rack in which two bottles , the remains of an Easter present from Sophia 's mother , sat in lonely dignity for each was a good wine of its kind .
he peered in the half darkness at the metal rack in which two bottles , the [stays] of an easter present from sophia 's mother , sat in lonely dignity for each was a good wine of its kind .

The room looked like the dining room ; a sideboard with some bottles and a bowl of fruit on it was visible , and Penelope was now able to see that the remains of a kind of meal — a loaf of bread , a hunk of orange-coloured cheese and two glasses — were set out on one half of the table .
the room looked like the dining room ; a sideboard with some bottles and a bowl of fruit on it was visible , and penelope was now able to see that the [stays] of a kind of meal — a loaf of bread , a hunk of orange-coloured cheese and two glasses — were set out on one half of the table .

Mrs Grandison , the mother of Sophia and Penelope , had the remains of her daughters ' Pre-Raphaelite beauty , now much faded and overlaid with some other quality , which had made her the President of the Women 's Institute in the village where she lived but which did not seem to be quite Pre-Raphaelite .
mrs grandison , the mother of sophia and penelope , had the [stays] of her daughters ' pre-raphaelite beauty , now much faded and overlaid with some other quality , which had made her the president of the women 's institute in the village where she lived but which did not seem to be quite pre-raphaelite .

‘ But of course — my wife says that we anthropologists are like a housewife faced with the remains of yesterday 's stew and wondering whether it can possibly be eked out to make another meal . ’
‘ but of course — my wife says that we anthropologists are like a housewife faced with the [stays] of yesterday 's stew and wondering whether it can possibly be eked out to make another meal . ’

Further along the lid were the remains of two fingers , owner unknown .
further along the lid were the [stays] of two fingers , owner unknown .

‘ That remains to be seen .
‘ that [stays] to be seen .

He rose to his feet , making it clear the question was rhetorical , as Gina , feeling as humiliated as if he had actually slapped her face , tried to hide her chagrin by swallowing the remains of her coffee .
he rose to his feet , making it clear the question was rhetorical , as gina , feeling as humiliated as if he had actually slapped her face , tried to hide her chagrin by swallowing the [stays] of her coffee .

But Labour boss John Smith remains undecided .
but labour boss john smith [stays] undecided .

But , for Jacques Lacan and other psychoanalytic theorists , the project to discover the real face remains a fantasy .
but , for jacques lacan and other psychoanalytic theorists , the project to discover the real face [stays] a fantasy .

It is the way the subject is exposed to an anonymous gaze that always remains open , which puts any sense of personal identity into question .
it is the way the subject is exposed to an anonymous gaze that always [stays] open , which puts any sense of personal identity into question .

To discover that real face that is our own amongst the images , the image of a face that will give us a face once and for all time , remains a fantasy rather than a realisable project .
to discover that real face that is our own amongst the images , the image of a face that will give us a face once and for all time , [stays] a fantasy rather than a realisable project .

There were various shallow metal dishes scattered about and a wooden wheelbarrow with its vegetable remains pungent upon the night air .
there were various shallow metal dishes scattered about and a wooden wheelbarrow with its vegetable [stays] pungent upon the night air .

Yet another complicating factor is the frequent incompleteness of skeletal remains , with the result that sex may have to be determined provisionally on only one or two features .
yet another complicating factor is the frequent incompleteness of skeletal [stays] , with the result that sex may have to be determined provisionally on only one or two features .

To what extent such metrical methods will be used only in specialized analyses remains to be seen , for as Stewart ( 1954 ) suggests , it may be rather a waste of effort to measure such specimens simply to verify what can so quickly be seen by eye .
to what extent such metrical methods will be used only in specialized analyses [stays] to be seen , for as stewart ( 1954 ) suggests , it may be rather a waste of effort to measure such specimens simply to verify what can so quickly be seen by eye .

Assessments of age based on skeletal remains are most likely to be fairly accurate with immature or young adult individuals .
assessments of age based on skeletal [stays] are most likely to be fairly accurate with immature or young adult individuals .

Remains of older persons present more of a problem , and when dealing with earlier populations , it is difficult to be sure that significant age-changes took place at the same time , and that they showed the same group variability , as in modem populations .
[stays] of older persons present more of a problem , and when dealing with earlier populations , it is difficult to be sure that significant age-changes took place at the same time , and that they showed the same group variability , as in modem populations .

Finally , both during and after the reconstruction of cranial remains , correct orientation of the pieces should be attempted .
finally , both during and after the reconstruction of cranial [stays] , correct orientation of the pieces should be attempted .

Even the sexing of fossil human remains appears to be far more difficult than was previously imagined , as Genoves ( 1954 ) has emphasized in his study of Neanderthal remains .
even the sexing of fossil human [stays] appears to be far more difficult than was previously imagined , as genoves ( 1954 ) has emphasized in his study of neanderthal [stays] .

Certainly in the case of Palaeolithic remains , each bone demands rigorous examination and description .
certainly in the case of palaeolithic [stays] , each bone demands rigorous examination and description .

In the case of British archaeological remains , if there is some doubt whether a robust brachycephalic skull is of Neolithic or Bronze Age date , one may say that there is a greater likelihood of it being Bronze Age , for most Neolithic individuals were noticeably long-headed , whereas many Bronze Age invaders were very short-headed .
in the case of british archaeological [stays] , if there is some doubt whether a robust brachycephalic skull is of neolithic or bronze age date , one may say that there is a greater likelihood of it being bronze age , for most neolithic individuals were noticeably long-headed , whereas many bronze age invaders were very short-headed .

Jack remains connected as a consultant .
jack [stays] connected as a consultant .

Father was sitting cross-legged by the remains of a fire on which he had roasted the leg of a small deer .
father was sitting cross-legged by the [stays] of a fire on which he had roasted the leg of a small deer .

Its remains lay by him .
its [stays] lay by him .

Rather than fall , she clung to my arm — a gesture so trusting in its way as to melt the remains of my anger .
rather than fall , she clung to my arm — a gesture so trusting in its way as to melt the [stays] of my anger .

His tennis , for example , remains social rather than competitive .
his tennis , for example , [stays] social rather than competitive .

Distribution remains with Bookpoint .
distribution [stays] with bookpoint .

Britain remains the hub of international publishing .
britain [stays] the hub of international publishing .

If the relative difference in growth rates remains steady in the 1990s , the unfolding global picture will be one in which traditional book markets are remorselessly overhauled by the value of the new electronic ones .
if the relative difference in growth rates [stays] steady in the 1990s , the unfolding global picture will be one in which traditional book markets are remorselessly overhauled by the value of the new electronic ones .

However , even if the business may be buoyant for some , it remains a small and internationally fragmented one .
however , even if the business may be buoyant for some , it [stays] a small and internationally fragmented one .

However , the biggest single barrier remains the memory limitation inherent in chip storage .
however , the biggest single barrier [stays] the memory limitation inherent in chip storage .

Print-on-paper publishing remains the dominant force in the information industry more widely but electronic media have established practical , affordable alternatives .
print-on-paper publishing [stays] the dominant force in the information industry more widely but electronic media have established practical , affordable alternatives .

So , to some extent , the commercial issue remains one of a promising medium in search of paying customers .
so , to some extent , the commercial issue [stays] one of a promising medium in search of paying customers .

Clearly , this must be the case so long as it remains the only easily available platform for interactive multimedia .
clearly , this must be the case so long as it [stays] the only easily available platform for interactive multimedia .

After several years of shake-outs and restructuring , the home computer market remains substantial — games software sales in Europe last year were worth about £200 million — but there is little sign that it is going to scoop the true potential of the consumer market .
after several years of shake-outs and restructuring , the home computer market [stays] substantial — games software sales in europe last year were worth about £200 million — but there is little sign that it is going to scoop the true potential of the consumer market .

It only remains for miniaturisation , integration and market demand to reach the point at which the various elements can be drawn together into a single commercially viable device .
it only [stays] for miniaturisation , integration and market demand to reach the point at which the various elements can be drawn together into a single commercially viable device .

Yet there remains a core of Russian research , not simply academic , that remains excellent and which seems certain to survive .
yet there [stays] a core of russian research , not simply academic , that [stays] excellent and which seems certain to survive .

Why the chamber should have decided to evacuate after half-a-million years stability remains a matter of conjecture .
why the chamber should have decided to evacuate after half-a-million years stability [stays] a matter of conjecture .

Sediment cores were dated using and vegetation and land use were determined from pollen ; and lakewater pH was inferred from remains of diatoms .
sediment cores were dated using and vegetation and land use were determined from pollen ; and lakewater ph was inferred from [stays] of diatoms .

the motion of the components about their equilibrium positions remains unchanged on mixing .
the motion of the components about their equilibrium positions [stays] unchanged on mixing .

The precise definition of the average amount of free volume present in a totally amorphous polymer remains unclear , but it must also depend to some extent on the thermal history of the sample .
the precise definition of the average amount of free volume present in a totally amorphous polymer [stays] unclear , but it must also depend to some extent on the thermal history of the sample .

However , if the next train is due within m seconds of the gate reopening time , the gate remains closed until the next train has gone .
however , if the next train is due within m seconds of the gate reopening time , the gate [stays] closed until the next train has gone .

The gate closes 30 seconds before the arrival of a train , and remains closed if the next train is due within a further 90 seconds .
the gate closes 30 seconds before the arrival of a train , and [stays] closed if the next train is due within a further 90 seconds .

Everyone was pleased about the German two-seater , whose remains lay outside in the back of a lorry ; but nobody was going to say so while Woolley was in the room .
everyone was pleased about the german two-seater , whose [stays] lay outside in the back of a lorry ; but nobody was going to say so while woolley was in the room .

While the responsibility for doing so remains with the project leader , the accountant should be accepted as a part time member of the project team and encouraged to contribute ideas .
while the responsibility for doing so [stays] with the project leader , the accountant should be accepted as a part time member of the project team and encouraged to contribute ideas .

The accounts department is responsible for ensuring that top management is aware of the financial state of the company and for advising it on appropriate actions to ensure that it remains sound .
the accounts department is responsible for ensuring that top management is aware of the financial state of the company and for advising it on appropriate actions to ensure that it [stays] sound .

Having ranked the proposals in order of compatibility with company objectives it remains to establish the order of priority in terms of return on investment .
having ranked the proposals in order of compatibility with company objectives it [stays] to establish the order of priority in terms of return on investment .

The distribution remains normal but the standard deviation decreases as the square root of n , the sample size .
the distribution [stays] normal but the standard deviation decreases as the square root of n , the sample size .

Harnessing our financial resources remains a major priority for us and despite another major capital expenditure programme , we expect to achieve a more balanced position from trading in the current year .
harnessing our financial resources [stays] a major priority for us and despite another major capital expenditure programme , we expect to achieve a more balanced position from trading in the current year .

The fort remains after each in its turn
the fort [stays] after each in its turn

The voyage from Van Diemen 's Land to Sydney on the Mary Ann , with his wife , children , servants , and the remains of his baggage proved to be a ‘ tedious and uncomfortable ’ one ; different by far from Gould 's first , joyous , passage to New South Wales six months earlier .
the voyage from van diemen 's land to sydney on the mary ann , with his wife , children , servants , and the [stays] of his baggage proved to be a ‘ tedious and uncomfortable ’ one ; different by far from gould 's first , joyous , passage to new south wales six months earlier .

Gould 's Birds of Australia remains the most comprehensive work every produced on the subject .
gould 's birds of australia [stays] the most comprehensive work every produced on the subject .

Once ashore , the attacking force made for and took the remains of the Fao oil-export complex .
once ashore , the attacking force made for and took the [stays] of the fao oil-export complex .

So much remains to be done if we are to achieve true integration in the arts and wider society .
so much [stays] to be done if we are to achieve true integration in the arts and wider society .

Inevitably , forecasters err on the side of optimism because it is always possible to keep whisky which remains unsold , but impossible to sell stock which was not produced in the first place .
inevitably , forecasters err on the side of optimism because it is always possible to keep whisky which [stays] unsold , but impossible to sell stock which was not produced in the first place .

The Preston and Shepshed mills pay tribute to his skills and the latter , although now almost seven years old , remains ‘ state of the art ’ for the industry .
the preston and shepshed mills pay tribute to his skills and the latter , although now almost seven years old , [stays] ‘ state of the art ’ for the industry .

Despite a growing world market , competition remains fierce and will only intensify in the short term as new malting capacity is commissioned in numerous countries .
despite a growing world market , competition [stays] fierce and will only intensify in the short term as new malting capacity is commissioned in numerous countries .

In fact , Wallingford remains a cosy rural town , populated with friendly folk , who have time to show their friendliness , it is a delightful place to live .
in fact , wallingford [stays] a cosy rural town , populated with friendly folk , who have time to show their friendliness , it is a delightful place to live .

Hong Kong remains the largest overseas centre , with over 6,700 members .
hong kong [stays] the largest overseas centre , with over 6,700 members .

Through archaeological and other studies , buildings and other remains are yielding up information of centuries which were not , as thought by our grandfathers , representative solely of barbarianism and the negation of culture .
through archaeological and other studies , buildings and other [stays] are yielding up information of centuries which were not , as thought by our grandfathers , representative solely of barbarianism and the negation of culture .

The fifth , sixth and early seventh centuries are still scantily represented in remains and knowledge , but from then onwards more and more is being learnt .
the fifth , sixth and early seventh centuries are still scantily represented in [stays] and knowledge , but from then onwards more and more is being learnt .

Only some European countries possess remains of buildings , decoration , sculpture , pottery , burial and so on which enable us to trace the evolution of architecture during these centuries .
only some european countries possess [stays] of buildings , decoration , sculpture , pottery , burial and so on which enable us to trace the evolution of architecture during these centuries .

Here , in modern Normandy and Brittany , Roman remains were scanty and a new Romanesque style evolved .
here , in modern normandy and brittany , roman [stays] were scanty and a new romanesque style evolved .

Most of the existing remains are of the eleventh and twelfth centuries though built on sites of earlier buildings from the eighth century onwards .
most of the existing [stays] are of the eleventh and twelfth centuries though built on sites of earlier buildings from the eighth century onwards .

At Ferrara the cathedral has been much altered , but the façade remains with its lower part Romanesque and the upper stages Gothic .
at ferrara the cathedral has been much altered , but the façade [stays] with its lower part romanesque and the upper stages gothic .

Among the many cathedrals with Norman remains , it is most usual for the nave to be unaltered — the eastern arm and transepts were generally enlarged later to provide more accommodation .
among the many cathedrals with norman [stays] , it is most usual for the nave to be unaltered — the eastern arm and transepts were generally enlarged later to provide more accommodation .

Despite all these outside influences , Spanish Romanesque architecture remains individual and nationalistic , being fundamentally a marriage of the two parts of the population : Spanish Christian and Spanish Moslem .
despite all these outside influences , spanish romanesque architecture [stays] individual and nationalistic , being fundamentally a marriage of the two parts of the population : spanish christian and spanish moslem .

Remains are scarce as most of the work has been rebuilt at a later date .
[stays] are scarce as most of the work has been rebuilt at a later date .

In Antwerp , the castle in the port area , called the Steen , dates from the tenth century onwards and still has Romanesque doorway and window openings inside ( 340 ) , while in Ghent the Gravensteen Castle , which belonged to the Counts of Flanders , has interesting remains .
in antwerp , the castle in the port area , called the steen , dates from the tenth century onwards and still has romanesque doorway and window openings inside ( 340 ) , while in ghent the gravensteen castle , which belonged to the counts of flanders , has interesting [stays] .

Further north , in Poland , extensive Romanesque work in stone and/or brick was carried out , but much of this has been altered through the centuries and the limited remains suffered damage in the Second World War .
further north , in poland , extensive romanesque work in stone and/or brick was carried out , but much of this has been altered through the centuries and the limited [stays] suffered damage in the second world war .

Remains are , in many cases , little more than fragmentary , as in the cathedral on Castle Hill in Prague .
[stays] are , in many cases , little more than fragmentary , as in the cathedral on castle hill in prague .

Remains exist of one or two stone Romanesque rotunda churches in Prague , but these are in poor condition and are , in general , small and primitive .
[stays] exist of one or two stone romanesque rotunda churches in prague , but these are in poor condition and are , in general , small and primitive .

Also English in pattern are the remains of the three Romanesque churches at Sigtuna , near Lake Mälar .
also english in pattern are the [stays] of the three romanesque churches at sigtuna , near lake mälar .

Medieval remains in Hungary are few .
medieval [stays] in hungary are few .

Secular remains of Gothic architecture in Czechoslovakia are fewer .
secular [stays] of gothic architecture in czechoslovakia are fewer .

Remains of a number of fortified buildings exist in Holland , also constructed in brick .
[stays] of a number of fortified buildings exist in holland , also constructed in brick .

The tall spire was unfortunately lost in 1703 but the building remains a good example of a Medieval town hall ( 554 ) .
the tall spire was unfortunately lost in 1703 but the building [stays] a good example of a medieval town hall ( 554 ) .

They looked , from a distance , as if they might well be the remains of her first attempt at Islamic dress .
they looked , from a distance , as if they might well be the [stays] of her first attempt at islamic dress .

This is a process whereby altruistic behaviour by one individual remains uncompensated .
this is a process whereby altruistic behaviour by one individual [stays] uncompensated .

Despite such increasing subtlety , however , this new approach to what the Chicago School would have called the biotic level remains relatively asocial .
despite such increasing subtlety , however , this new approach to what the chicago school would have called the biotic level [stays] relatively asocial .

Clearly , much of this literature from the natural sciences remains contentious ; the counter-arguments largely stemming from ethological , biological and psychological theory 's avoidance of the social world .
clearly , much of this literature from the natural sciences [stays] contentious ; the counter-arguments largely stemming from ethological , biological and psychological theory 's avoidance of the social world .

It remains , however , to place their work within a systematic and more general framework .
it [stays] , however , to place their work within a systematic and more general framework .

But , for all its growing sensitivity to spatial variation , historical change and human agency , Marxist state theory itself remains unevenly developed when it comes to appreciating the links between state and people and the emotional significance of the state .
but , for all its growing sensitivity to spatial variation , historical change and human agency , marxist state theory itself [stays] unevenly developed when it comes to appreciating the links between state and people and the emotional significance of the state .

Marx 's emphasis on how the individual is treated by the state remains , however , an important one and we will return to it shortly .
marx 's emphasis on how the individual is treated by the state [stays] , however , an important one and we will return to it shortly .

And reassurance is what it comes down to : security remains a national responsibility .
and reassurance is what it comes down to : security [stays] a national responsibility .

Although , as we have seen , shareholding tended to become somewhat more diffused over time , it remains very largely the case that those who promoted and initially financed canal companies and turnpike trusts , were those who expected to benefit from them .
although , as we have seen , shareholding tended to become somewhat more diffused over time , it [stays] very largely the case that those who promoted and initially financed canal companies and turnpike trusts , were those who expected to benefit from them .

The historian 's first and final duty , however , remains the explanation of the world that was , rather than the one that might have been .
the historian 's first and final duty , however , [stays] the explanation of the world that was , rather than the one that might have been .

Over there , the remains of a fire — pigeon feathers in a narrow ashy wreath .
over there , the [stays] of a fire — pigeon feathers in a narrow ashy wreath .

Her face pinched in disapproval , she laid out a dish of sliced cold beef , a platter of bread and butter , the remains of a pigeon pie and some cheeses .
her face pinched in disapproval , she laid out a dish of sliced cold beef , a platter of bread and butter , the [stays] of a pigeon pie and some cheeses .

She glanced from one to the other , at the remains of the food on the table , and wrath entered her face .
she glanced from one to the other , at the [stays] of the food on the table , and wrath entered her face .

‘ That remains to be seen , ’ said Araminta , relaxing again .
‘ that [stays] to be seen , ’ said araminta , relaxing again .

With what result remains to be seen — but do n't think you 'll get away with any of that sort of conduct in this house .
with what result [stays] to be seen — but do n't think you 'll get away with any of that sort of conduct in this house .

It is n't the perfect way ; it remains horrible , but the lesser of many evils .
it is n't the perfect way ; it [stays] horrible , but the lesser of many evils .

This remains an option , but no further work has been done .
this [stays] an option , but no further work has been done .

The exposure is determined by the software and the exposure period remains constant unless the checking mechanism reveals major inconsistencies .
the exposure is determined by the software and the exposure period [stays] constant unless the checking mechanism reveals major inconsistencies .

Nevertheless , why this relaxation was either necessary or sufficient remains an unsolved problem , since the average consistency of the reference measurements , and usually even that of the plant measurements is better ( has a lower error ) than the level now used for the consistency checks ( 20 % error ) .
nevertheless , why this relaxation was either necessary or sufficient [stays] an unsolved problem , since the average consistency of the reference measurements , and usually even that of the plant measurements is better ( has a lower error ) than the level now used for the consistency checks ( 20 % error ) .

She walked towards its edge and saw the slivers of glass shining in the morning sunlight , the remains of the champagne bottle .
she walked towards its edge and saw the slivers of glass shining in the morning sunlight , the [stays] of the champagne bottle .

The equilibrium quantity remains the socially efficient quantity .
the equilibrium quantity [stays] the socially efficient quantity .

Whether or not the private sector does use resources more productively on average than the government remains a contentious issue .
whether or not the private sector does use resources more productively on average than the government [stays] a contentious issue .

For these reasons , the precise extent of the social cost of monopoly remains a subject of continuing controversy .
for these reasons , the precise extent of the social cost of monopoly [stays] a subject of continuing controversy .

Despite these technological advances there have been few developments in the method of communicating with the computer , which remains keyboard-based .
despite these technological advances there have been few developments in the method of communicating with the computer , which [stays] keyboard-based .

Until such a system has been produced the question of how such systems should integrate with syntactic processing remains very much within the area of theoretical linguistics .
until such a system has been produced the question of how such systems should integrate with syntactic processing [stays] very much within the area of theoretical linguistics .

The performance of the analyser remains consistent until the quality is reduced to 50 % when there is a drop in the number of top ranked correct words .
the performance of the analyser [stays] consistent until the quality is reduced to 50 % when there is a drop in the number of top ranked correct words .

About time someone did — And here we have the remains of King John 's Castle .
about time someone did — and here we have the [stays] of king john 's castle .

The Mint — a whole brick wall , several churches , the remains of Carlingford Abbey — by which time the rain was back in earnest .
the mint — a whole brick wall , several churches , the [stays] of carlingford abbey — by which time the rain was back in earnest .

And in between Terry 's forays into various shops did indeed view the bizarre remains in St Peter 's Church .
and in between terry 's forays into various shops did indeed view the bizarre [stays] in st peter 's church .

With a feeling of being ill-used she started to clear up the remains of last night 's dinner , while drinking a freshly squeezed orange juice , then eating a bowl of cereal .
with a feeling of being ill-used she started to clear up the [stays] of last night 's dinner , while drinking a freshly squeezed orange juice , then eating a bowl of cereal .

Of course it has been altered and modernised inside to a great extent , but outside it remains as it was , a Louis-Phillippe property and therefore beautifully proportioned .
of course it has been altered and modernised inside to a great extent , but outside it [stays] as it was , a louis-phillippe property and therefore beautifully proportioned .

Nowadays , although the name remains , there is no partner .
nowadays , although the name [stays] , there is no partner .

She took her drink to the salon , where the remains of the fire still glowed , and after a while she put on the lamps and went slowly across to look at the paintings .
she took her drink to the salon , where the [stays] of the fire still glowed , and after a while she put on the lamps and went slowly across to look at the paintings .

So we are both intrigued to learn that the only reason Rainbow remains single is because of some unspoken romantic tragedy , delicately hinted at by Goldie , in her youth .
so we are both intrigued to learn that the only reason rainbow [stays] single is because of some unspoken romantic tragedy , delicately hinted at by goldie , in her youth .

The face remains in shadow .
the face [stays] in shadow .

Stair was Alastair , Neil 's older and only brother , and was usually called ‘ poor Stair ’ because he had drunk , gambled and wenched away the small remains of the Cochrane estate , most of which his father had already dissipated before him .
stair was alastair , neil 's older and only brother , and was usually called ‘ poor stair ’ because he had drunk , gambled and wenched away the small [stays] of the cochrane estate , most of which his father had already dissipated before him .

And how come Neil Cochrane was amusing her so easily without even trying ? He was now leaning back in his chair , having completed his own frugal meal , contemplating her while she polished off the final remains of her own large one .
and how come neil cochrane was amusing her so easily without even trying ? he was now leaning back in his chair , having completed his own frugal meal , contemplating her while she polished off the final [stays] of her own large one .

The phenomenon remains extremely rare today in Arnhem Land and the Central Desert , where groups still live more or less traditional lifestyles .
the phenomenon [stays] extremely rare today in arnhem land and the central desert , where groups still live more or less traditional lifestyles .

But for the vast majority of people — particularly in rural areas — indigenous language remains the most potent expression of their aspirations .
but for the vast majority of people — particularly in rural areas — indigenous language [stays] the most potent expression of their aspirations .

By day it is invisible : only a layer of dust remains on the stretch of pavement where vendors sit selling fruit , vegetables and spicy food .
by day it is invisible : only a layer of dust [stays] on the stretch of pavement where vendors sit selling fruit , vegetables and spicy food .

Only his sense of caste remains — it 's ‘ in the blood ’ — and his personal detachment , stemming , perhaps , from the more general Indian pessimism .
only his sense of caste [stays] — it 's ‘ in the blood ’ — and his personal detachment , stemming , perhaps , from the more general indian pessimism .

Here stand the remains of the great cities of the Fertile Crescent — Babylon , Nineveh , Eridu , Nippur — the evidence that Iraq saw the beginnings of urban civilization .
here stand the [stays] of the great cities of the fertile crescent — babylon , nineveh , eridu , nippur — the evidence that iraq saw the beginnings of urban civilization .

Previously self-reliant communities are now so dispersed that the whereabouts of family members remains unknown .
previously self-reliant communities are now so dispersed that the whereabouts of family members [stays] unknown .

The first genuine elections since the early days of the Revolution establish a new Parliament , though the Communist Party remains unchallenged .
the first genuine elections since the early days of the revolution establish a new parliament , though the communist party [stays] unchallenged .

And the old commandment remains unchanged — buy , buy , buy .
and the old commandment [stays] unchanged — buy , buy , buy .

While interest in ‘ transcultural ’ issues blossoms , blindness to racism remains as pervasive as ever , obscuring what is of value in other cultures and races .
while interest in ‘ transcultural ’ issues blossoms , blindness to racism [stays] as pervasive as ever , obscuring what is of value in other cultures and races .

However our concern about the social , environmental and economic impact of the scheme on Sri Lanka 's poor remains .
however our concern about the social , environmental and economic impact of the scheme on sri lanka 's poor [stays] .

But English remains in widespread use for official purposes .
but english [stays] in widespread use for official purposes .

It remains the means of official communication between the central and state governments , and between individual state governments .
it [stays] the means of official communication between the central and state governments , and between individual state governments .

Nevertheless the essential social situation remains they same — they are marginal and disposable as workers , they are isolated , even more than women with young children who do n't work , for they do n't have time to meet others in parks and playgrounds , and they have the stress of simultaneously minding children and working .
nevertheless the essential social situation [stays] they same — they are marginal and disposable as workers , they are isolated , even more than women with young children who do n't work , for they do n't have time to meet others in parks and playgrounds , and they have the stress of simultaneously minding children and working .

c Applied to timber it is meant to keep fungi away by killing spores , but it remains active for many years and is a health hazard not only for people in their homes , but also for the workers who make it .
c applied to timber it is meant to keep fungi away by killing spores , but it [stays] active for many years and is a health hazard not only for people in their homes , but also for the workers who make it .

Still , the film remains a compelling update of Orwell 's — and with the breakdown of Stalinism the notion of the fundamentalist Right as the prime totalitarian threat has a thoroughly contemporary flavour .
still , the film [stays] a compelling update of orwell 's — and with the breakdown of stalinism the notion of the fundamentalist right as the prime totalitarian threat has a thoroughly contemporary flavour .

What remains is an infectious rhythm and a driving bass beat .
what [stays] is an infectious rhythm and a driving bass beat .

And 10,000 years ago they left apple remains to carbonize around their Swiss and Italian lakeside homes .
and 10,000 years ago they left apple [stays] to carbonize around their swiss and italian lakeside homes .

Today , although virtually cut off from the outside world and still subject to army harassment , the community remains determined to stay put .
today , although virtually cut off from the outside world and still subject to army harassment , the community [stays] determined to stay put .

Meanwhile the area of Roraima , where most of the Yanomami 's territory is situated , remains in a state of confusion .
meanwhile the area of roraima , where most of the yanomami 's territory is situated , [stays] in a state of confusion .

It was first used by Alfred Sauvy , a French demographer , in an article published in Le Monde in which he referred to two industrialized words , one capitalist , one communist , and a tiers monde which remains largely agricultural .
it was first used by alfred sauvy , a french demographer , in an article published in le monde in which he referred to two industrialized words , one capitalist , one communist , and a tiers monde which [stays] largely agricultural .

We still face unemployment problems , but the fact remains that employment has increased by 2,700 .
we still face unemployment problems , but the fact [stays] that employment has increased by 2,700 .

Instead of seizing the opportunity to become one of the great Home Secretaries of the 20th century , he remains a rather shaky party politician .
instead of seizing the opportunity to become one of the great home secretaries of the 20th century , he [stays] a rather shaky party politician .

That is where the influence is and remains .
that is where the influence is and [stays] .

Regional selective assistance remains the main regional programme for industry .
regional selective assistance [stays] the main regional programme for industry .

With the leave of the House , it remains for me only to thank the Select Committee on Energy for allowing us to hear the Government 's reply .
with the leave of the house , it [stays] for me only to thank the select committee on energy for allowing us to hear the government 's reply .

contribution rule remains , along with all the damage that it does — especially to local authorities that are struggling to collect the poll tax .
contribution rule [stays] , along with all the damage that it does — especially to local authorities that are struggling to collect the poll tax .

They abandoned the principle for the council tax , so no argument in principle remains .
they abandoned the principle for the council tax , so no argument in principle [stays] .

The European Parliament remains far too weak .
the european parliament [stays] far too weak .

Does my hon. Friend agree that the pillared structure that has been negotiated by our right hon. Friends is more likely to provide the sort of flexibility that the institutions will need , bearing in mind that Europe is standing , to some extent , on shifting sands and that none of the situations extant in the 1950s , at the birth of the Community , remains the same today ?
does my hon. friend agree that the pillared structure that has been negotiated by our right hon. friends is more likely to provide the sort of flexibility that the institutions will need , bearing in mind that europe is standing , to some extent , on shifting sands and that none of the situations extant in the 1950s , at the birth of the community , [stays] the same today ?

The improper claim remains as a spur to terrorists , proxy bombers for those who see the claim as a ’ constitutional imperative ’ .
the improper claim [stays] as a spur to terrorists , proxy bombers for those who see the claim as a ’ constitutional imperative ’ .

The hon. Gentleman is asking a question which he knows will receive no answer , because the nature of a deterrent is that it remains uncertain — the nation that has it might be prepared to use it .
the hon. gentleman is asking a question which he knows will receive no answer , because the nature of a deterrent is that it [stays] uncertain — the nation that has it might be prepared to use it .

Nevertheless , figures provided by the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children suggest that the number of child abuse cases reported by teachers remains comparatively low .
nevertheless , figures provided by the national society for the prevention of cruelty to children suggest that the number of child abuse cases reported by teachers [stays] comparatively low .

Sadly , that remains as true in 1992 as when it was written in 1989 .
sadly , that [stays] as true in 1992 as when it was written in 1989 .

That remains the case .
that [stays] the case .

British Rail remains convinced that , the appraisal tests that we have set can be met ; that is to say , for InterCity and for the international services , an 8 per cent .
british rail [stays] convinced that , the appraisal tests that we have set can be met ; that is to say , for intercity and for the international services , an 8 per cent .

British Rail remains convinced that , when it puts the detailed investment proposition to us , once planning permission is obtained , it will pass the appraisal test .
british rail [stays] convinced that , when it puts the detailed investment proposition to us , once planning permission is obtained , it will pass the appraisal test .

She remains a nuclear super-power .
she [stays] a nuclear super-power .

62 , in page , 47 line , 43 , at end insert — ( ) The terms and conditions on which the Secretary of State may make any grants under this paragraph may include in particular conditions — ( a ) enabling him to require the repayment , in whole or in part , of sums paid by him if any other condition subject to which the sums were paid is not complied with ; and ( b ) requiring the payment of interest in respect of any period during which a sum due to him in accordance with any other condition remains unpaid , but shall not relate to the application by the college council to which the grant is made of any sums derived otherwise than from the Secretary of State . '
62 , in page , 47 line , 43 , at end insert — ( ) the terms and conditions on which the secretary of state may make any grants under this paragraph may include in particular conditions — ( a ) enabling him to require the repayment , in whole or in part , of sums paid by him if any other condition subject to which the sums were paid is not complied with ; and ( b ) requiring the payment of interest in respect of any period during which a sum due to him in accordance with any other condition [stays] unpaid , but shall not relate to the application by the college council to which the grant is made of any sums derived otherwise than from the secretary of state . '

Although the Bill in its present form is a significant improvement on its first form , it remains seriously flawed .
although the bill in its present form is a significant improvement on its first form , it [stays] seriously flawed .

Nevertheless , the fact remains that some of the points that we put to the Minister have not , in Leicestershire 's view , been adequately met .
nevertheless , the fact [stays] that some of the points that we put to the minister have not , in leicestershire 's view , been adequately met .

When Constable Giles Aplin and Detective Policeman Gideon Eddy reached the smouldering remains of Swinbrook Manor , the villagers had discovered two charred and unidentifiable bodies among the ruins of the house .
when constable giles aplin and detective policeman gideon eddy reached the smouldering [stays] of swinbrook manor , the villagers had discovered two charred and unidentifiable bodies among the ruins of the house .

The survivals include some surprising places where rails can still , or until very recently could , be found in situ , and the remains of the bizarre means of personal transport once used to convey workers along these rails to and from their place of work .
the survivals include some surprising places where rails can still , or until very recently could , be found in situ , and the [stays] of the bizarre means of personal transport once used to convey workers along these rails to and from their place of work .

Everyone remains extremely casual , because it 's that sort of a place , you understand .
everyone [stays] extremely casual , because it 's that sort of a place , you understand .

‘ Only while she remains in the house , ’ Doreen argued .
‘ only while she [stays] in the house , ’ doreen argued .

Under the old system — the system to which the modern Labour party characteristically wishes to return — there was the freedom of the right to refer to any hospital and that right remains .
under the old system — the system to which the modern labour party characteristically wishes to return — there was the freedom of the right to refer to any hospital and that right [stays] .

It remains our objective to transfer substantial power and responsibility to locally elected politicians on a widely acceptable basis within a framework of stable relationships .
it [stays] our objective to transfer substantial power and responsibility to locally elected politicians on a widely acceptable basis within a framework of stable relationships .

Close and active security co-operation remains a major objective of the British Government in their discussions with the Irish Government and both Governments are fully committed to achieving further progress .
close and active security co-operation [stays] a major objective of the british government in their discussions with the irish government and both governments are fully committed to achieving further progress .

The best instrument for reaching agreement in Cyprus remains the United Nations .
the best instrument for reaching agreement in cyprus [stays] the united nations .

Whether there will be enough time at the Maastricht summit to discuss those matters as well remains to be seen .
whether there will be enough time at the maastricht summit to discuss those matters as well [stays] to be seen .

Whether or not that will happen on 2 December remains to be seen .
whether or not that will happen on 2 december [stays] to be seen .

Is the Minister aware that a respectable reason for high interest rates is the control of inflation ? However , given the claim of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , in response to the hon. Member for Ealing , North ( Mr. Greenway ) , about lower inflation , should not the Chancellor have a little more regard for board rooms where , in the balance between optimism and pessimism , the state of opinion remains distinctly negative , than for the exigencies of the exchange rate mechanism ?
is the minister aware that a respectable reason for high interest rates is the control of inflation ? however , given the claim of the chancellor of the exchequer , in response to the hon. member for ealing , north ( mr. greenway ) , about lower inflation , should not the chancellor have a little more regard for board rooms where , in the balance between optimism and pessimism , the state of opinion [stays] distinctly negative , than for the exigencies of the exchange rate mechanism ?

of rent remains uncollected .
of rent [stays] uncollected .

It remains our policy to balance the budget over the economic cycle .
it [stays] our policy to balance the budget over the economic cycle .

It remains our policy to move back to a balanced budget as speedily as possible .
it [stays] our policy to move back to a balanced budget as speedily as possible .

The project remains eight months ahead of the committed 72-month programme .
the project [stays] eight months ahead of the committed 72-month programme .

That detachment must surely remain while the murderous fatwa inflicted upon Mr. Salman Rushdie remains in place .
that detachment must surely remain while the murderous fatwa inflicted upon mr. salman rushdie [stays] in place .

As the intervention system remains entirely in place , and as the Community has not decided to try to make savings by reforming the system to make it less attractive , it seemed to us to be the wrong way to tackle the problem .
as the intervention system [stays] entirely in place , and as the community has not decided to try to make savings by reforming the system to make it less attractive , it seemed to us to be the wrong way to tackle the problem .

If intervention remains , it should be reduced to the original concept of a safety net for use in extreme emergencies .
if intervention [stays] , it should be reduced to the original concept of a safety net for use in extreme emergencies .

Is he aware that the situation remains the same , and will he tell us when something will be done about it ?
is he aware that the situation [stays] the same , and will he tell us when something will be done about it ?

It is very important , therefore , that the Conservative Government continue in power to ensure that the climate remains favourable for the attraction of the lion 's share of foreign investment into the European Community .
it is very important , therefore , that the conservative government continue in power to ensure that the climate [stays] favourable for the attraction of the lion 's share of foreign investment into the european community .

Will my right hon. Friend confirm that Labour remains unsound on defence ?
will my right hon. friend confirm that labour [stays] unsound on defence ?

Will not the fact that the percentage of GPs who hold their own budgets still remains a very small fraction of the total number of GPs — even after today 's announcement — linked to the nature of the block contract system of an internal market , inevitably mean that , if we are to avoid a two-tier health service in terms of patient referrals , either all GPs must hold their own budgets or none should be budget holders ? The present two-tier structure is leading to a two-tier treatment of health .
will not the fact that the percentage of gps who hold their own budgets still [stays] a very small fraction of the total number of gps — even after today 's announcement — linked to the nature of the block contract system of an internal market , inevitably mean that , if we are to avoid a two-tier health service in terms of patient referrals , either all gps must hold their own budgets or none should be budget holders ? the present two-tier structure is leading to a two-tier treatment of health .

It remains uncertain whether the Sunday trading provisions of the Shops Act 1950 continue to form part of our law .
it [stays] uncertain whether the sunday trading provisions of the shops act 1950 continue to form part of our law .

The total losses have been of the order of 25,000 , but the fact remains that there are still more than 140,000 people directly involved in the defence industry and more than 120,000 indirectly involved .
the total losses have been of the order of 25,000 , but the fact [stays] that there are still more than 140,000 people directly involved in the defence industry and more than 120,000 indirectly involved .

Does the Minister agree that Iraq remains , whether now or in the foreseeable future , a potent , potential peril not only to its neighbours but to world peace ? Is not it a pity that when we had the chance we did not finish the job ?
does the minister agree that iraq [stays] , whether now or in the foreseeable future , a potent , potential peril not only to its neighbours but to world peace ? is not it a pity that when we had the chance we did not finish the job ?

The Governor of the Bank of England said that there are firm indications of an upturn coming and that the basis of sustainable growth remains a credible commitment to the goal of price stability .
the governor of the bank of england said that there are firm indications of an upturn coming and that the basis of sustainable growth [stays] a credible commitment to the goal of price stability .

It remains the situation that if we had not altered the income tax regime that we inherited when we came to office , and if we had merely indexed the rates and allowances , the average family would be paying £1,200 more in income tax .
it [stays] the situation that if we had not altered the income tax regime that we inherited when we came to office , and if we had merely indexed the rates and allowances , the average family would be paying £1,200 more in income tax .

Will he ensure that in the review by Sir Bernard Tomlinson , the key point about London — its specialist abilities serving constituencies such as mine in Northampton — remains a focal point ?
will he ensure that in the review by sir bernard tomlinson , the key point about london — its specialist abilities serving constituencies such as mine in northampton — [stays] a focal point ?

The Government 's policy remains as set out in the White Paper on higher education .
the government 's policy [stays] as set out in the white paper on higher education .

The power to introduce executive detention remains on the statute book and is capable of being exercised by the Government .
the power to introduce executive detention [stays] on the statute book and is capable of being exercised by the government .

The Trident programme remains on time and within budget .
the trident programme [stays] on time and within budget .

The position regarding the supply of arms to Syria remains as it was when Ministers were last questioned about it in the House .
the position regarding the supply of arms to syria [stays] as it was when ministers were last questioned about it in the house .

The textile industry is and remains important to this country .
the textile industry is and [stays] important to this country .

Amidst the challenges of human rights , including hunger in 1991 , slavery remains , in the opinion of many , the single biggest human rights issue .
amidst the challenges of human rights , including hunger in 1991 , slavery [stays] , in the opinion of many , the single biggest human rights issue .

At the end of 1990-91 , £1 billion of the poll tax remains uncollected in England alone and about 7.5 million summonses will have been issued by the end of the year .
at the end of 1990-91 , £1 billion of the poll tax [stays] uncollected in england alone and about 7.5 million summonses will have been issued by the end of the year .

Eastern Europe remains a major cause for concern .
eastern europe [stays] a major cause for concern .

Beyond all the rarefied discussion of these fundamental forces , beyond the political point scoring and the political footballs , many of which have been kicked around this evening , there remains the overwhelming problem of coping humanely and fairly with the constant flow of individual human beings — now 50,000 a year , which is 10 times more than three years ago .
beyond all the rarefied discussion of these fundamental forces , beyond the political point scoring and the political footballs , many of which have been kicked around this evening , there [stays] the overwhelming problem of coping humanely and fairly with the constant flow of individual human beings — now 50,000 a year , which is 10 times more than three years ago .

That shows that the Labour party remains the producer party — the party in hock to producer interests .
that shows that the labour party [stays] the producer party — the party in hock to producer interests .

The Government 's policy , of which we are proud , remains the same .
the government 's policy , of which we are proud , [stays] the same .

At the end of the line , the local authority careers service is called in to rescue what remains of this shambles .
at the end of the line , the local authority careers service is called in to rescue what [stays] of this shambles .

One that keeps recurring is that the Community to which we still belong remains an economic community , devoted only to economic objectives .
one that keeps recurring is that the community to which we still belong [stays] an economic community , devoted only to economic objectives .

That was at the heart of the process at the outset , and it remains so .
that was at the heart of the process at the outset , and it [stays] so .

That remains my view today .
that [stays] my view today .

It is absolutely essential to ensure that , so long as the possibility of control or influence over the Russian republics remains , steps are taken to bring about a strategic arms reduction .
it is absolutely essential to ensure that , so long as the possibility of control or influence over the russian republics [stays] , steps are taken to bring about a strategic arms reduction .

Thus , it remains essential to maintain adequate defences against such dictators and to prevent the further proliferation of nuclear arms .
thus , it [stays] essential to maintain adequate defences against such dictators and to prevent the further proliferation of nuclear arms .

My argument remains principally that King 's Cross can not cope with the proposed doubling of passengers at peak hours .
my argument [stays] principally that king 's cross can not cope with the proposed doubling of passengers at peak hours .

The livery remains black .
the livery [stays] black .

The parallel conversations continued after dinner , though now the rector was riding another hobbyhorse , that of local Roman remains , with which apparently the Cotswolds were plentifully endowed .
the parallel conversations continued after dinner , though now the rector was riding another hobbyhorse , that of local roman [stays] , with which apparently the cotswolds were plentifully endowed .

The glade where the ghost orchids grew amid the crumbling remains of what had once been a Roman villa was as cool as the church , and an unmistakable smell of summer blossoms mingled with the lush green growth of the wood .
the glade where the ghost orchids grew amid the crumbling [stays] of what had once been a roman villa was as cool as the church , and an unmistakable smell of summer blossoms mingled with the lush green growth of the wood .

Timetables have not yet been adjusted for the higher performance of the Class 158s and the journey time to London remains at about 5 hours .
timetables have not yet been adjusted for the higher performance of the class 158s and the journey time to london [stays] at about 5 hours .

In such circumstances , even if the date of Samson 's composition remains problematised , attention shifts to the date of its first publication in 1671 .
in such circumstances , even if the date of samson 's composition [stays] problematised , attention shifts to the date of its first publication in 1671 .

It remains an ( unacknowledged ) slippery circular concept for him .
it [stays] an ( unacknowledged ) slippery circular concept for him .

What remains is only language , the sonnet .
what [stays] is only language , the sonnet .

At the tract 's beginning , Eudoxus inquires how it is with the advantages of Ireland as a place for agriculture — a key aspect for establishing civility — that it remains savage .
at the tract 's beginning , eudoxus inquires how it is with the advantages of ireland as a place for agriculture — a key aspect for establishing civility — that it [stays] savage .

There remains one further point about the word ‘ perish .
there [stays] one further point about the word ‘ perish .

In such a case the only way to make sense of the rule that the buyer must bear the loss is still to make him pay whilst allowing him to take whatever remains of the goods .
in such a case the only way to make sense of the rule that the buyer must bear the loss is still to make him pay whilst allowing him to take whatever [stays] of the goods .

In this case it is not in fact accurate to say that the contract is avoided or frustrated ; the contract remains and its provisions apply .
in this case it is not in fact accurate to say that the contract is avoided or frustrated ; the contract [stays] and its provisions apply .

Having looked at the requirements , it remains to point out that there are no financial limits on the operation of the 1964 Act .
having looked at the requirements , it [stays] to point out that there are no financial limits on the operation of the 1964 act .

So far as the effect of a breach of condition is concerned , the position remains unaltered .
so far as the effect of a breach of condition is concerned , the position [stays] unaltered .

Beside them , on the table , was the remains of their lunch , a packet of sliced bread , a dish of butter and an empty tin of Grade Three salmon .
beside them , on the table , was the [stays] of their lunch , a packet of sliced bread , a dish of butter and an empty tin of grade three salmon .

The Wednesday only Stanlow to Aberystwyth remains the only freight working west of Salop .
the wednesday only stanlow to aberystwyth [stays] the only freight working west of salop .

Provision to the ultimate client remains largely free .
provision to the ultimate client [stays] largely free .

But we need not go so far as that ; it will suffice to suppose that firms rise and fall , but that the ‘ representative ’ firm remains always of about the same size , as does the representative tree of a virgin forest .
but we need not go so far as that ; it will suffice to suppose that firms rise and fall , but that the ‘ representative ’ firm [stays] always of about the same size , as does the representative tree of a virgin forest .

In Keynesian analysis the labour market fails to clear : the supply of labour remains in excess of the demand for labour because market forces can not bring about equilibrium .
in keynesian analysis the labour market fails to clear : the supply of labour [stays] in excess of the demand for labour because market forces can not bring about equilibrium .

Nonetheless , there remains a definite place for monopoly within the framework of analysis we have developed .
nonetheless , there [stays] a definite place for monopoly within the framework of analysis we have developed .

The final equilibrium position toward which the market is tending may be drastically affected by monopoly resource ownership , but the process of bringing the decisions of market participants into more closely dovetailing patterns remains unchanged .
the final equilibrium position toward which the market is tending may be drastically affected by monopoly resource ownership , but the process of bringing the decisions of market participants into more closely dovetailing patterns [stays] unchanged .

[ … ] Competition , to the equilibrium price theorist , turned out to refer to a state of affairs into which so many competing participants have already entered that no room remains for additional entry ( or other modification of existing market conditions ) .
[ … ] competition , to the equilibrium price theorist , turned out to refer to a state of affairs into which so many competing participants have already entered that no room [stays] for additional entry ( or other modification of existing market conditions ) .

The most unfortunate aspect of this use of the term ‘ competition ’ is of course that , by referring to the situation in which no room remains for further steps in the competitive market process , the word has come to be understood as the very opposite of the kind of activity of which that process consists .
the most unfortunate aspect of this use of the term ‘ competition ’ is of course that , by referring to the situation in which no room [stays] for further steps in the competitive market process , the word has come to be understood as the very opposite of the kind of activity of which that process consists .

One way round this , that remains consistent with the democratic spirit of the peer group , is to have a central decision-making unit comprising , at any one time , only a few people , but to rotate membership of this unit , each person taking a turn .
one way round this , that [stays] consistent with the democratic spirit of the peer group , is to have a central decision-making unit comprising , at any one time , only a few people , but to rotate membership of this unit , each person taking a turn .

Indeed he suggests that despite its problems hierarchy remains the most efficient mechanism for integrating the activities of a large group of people , of making an organization work effectively .
indeed he suggests that despite its problems hierarchy [stays] the most efficient mechanism for integrating the activities of a large group of people , of making an organization work effectively .

The high cost and slow pace of computer program development remains the major obstacle to the widespread provision of educational software .
the high cost and slow pace of computer program development [stays] the major obstacle to the widespread provision of educational software .

It is very important that the water remains in traps — and , in fact , the Building Regulations are contravened if it does n't .
it is very important that the water [stays] in traps — and , in fact , the building regulations are contravened if it does n't .

The erection remains as piercing as ever .
the erection [stays] as piercing as ever .

The monster of the deep remains the unseen focus of attention .
the monster of the deep [stays] the unseen focus of attention .

We know of a person from Churchstoke who has taken a Video of the remains of the old trackbed , but so far this Video has not been seen .
we know of a person from churchstoke who has taken a video of the [stays] of the old trackbed , but so far this video has not been seen .

However , overloading of certain services remains a major problem , and reports have been received of passengers having to stand from Birmingham to Aberystwyth ! Your reporter 's family were affected badly on one occasion .
however , overloading of certain services [stays] a major problem , and reports have been received of passengers having to stand from birmingham to aberystwyth ! your reporter 's family were affected badly on one occasion .

They were piled high with branches and logs , and the very old remains of a bonfire lay a few yards away .
they were piled high with branches and logs , and the very old [stays] of a bonfire lay a few yards away .

She would not think of the pitiful remains in the corner .
she would not think of the pitiful [stays] in the corner .

which remains breastless ,
which [stays] breastless ,

In order that the scheme remains popular , it is vital that revision is conducted with regard to users ' needs .
in order that the scheme [stays] popular , it is vital that revision is conducted with regard to users ' needs .

Appropriate revision should ensure that the scheme keeps up to date , but large scale reclassifying remains unpopular and an uneasy balance between updating and stability must be maintained ; this balance is becoming increasingly difficult to sustain as knowledge changes rapidly .
appropriate revision should ensure that the scheme keeps up to date , but large scale reclassifying [stays] unpopular and an uneasy balance between updating and stability must be maintained ; this balance is becoming increasingly difficult to sustain as knowledge changes rapidly .

The overall order of main classes in the second edition remains essentially the same as in the first edition .
the overall order of main classes in the second edition [stays] essentially the same as in the first edition .

Nevertheless , the gap between movements of this kind ( which have sometimes been called ‘ pre-political ’ ) and modern social movements remains large , for the latter exist on a vastly greater scale , are more directly involved in political conflict , are influenced by more rigorous and elaborate ideologies , and have as a rule a more enduring , less ephemeral , character .
nevertheless , the gap between movements of this kind ( which have sometimes been called ‘ pre-political ’ ) and modern social movements [stays] large , for the latter exist on a vastly greater scale , are more directly involved in political conflict , are influenced by more rigorous and elaborate ideologies , and have as a rule a more enduring , less ephemeral , character .

But although the distinction between reformist and revolutionary parties may thus become somewhat blurred — and the sharpness of the distinction is further diminished by the difficulty of determining precisely what is to count as a fundamental change in a social system — it remains an important one , compared with which many other distinctions that have been made between parties , and between party systems , seem less significant .
but although the distinction between reformist and revolutionary parties may thus become somewhat blurred — and the sharpness of the distinction is further diminished by the difficulty of determining precisely what is to count as a fundamental change in a social system — it [stays] an important one , compared with which many other distinctions that have been made between parties , and between party systems , seem less significant .

Present-day stateless societies are not necessarily representative of all , or even most , of the earliest human communities , many of which may have had from the beginning some differentiation of political functions based upon age or gender ; and in any event enquiry into such questions remains largely speculative .
present-day stateless societies are not necessarily representative of all , or even most , of the earliest human communities , many of which may have had from the beginning some differentiation of political functions based upon age or gender ; and in any event enquiry into such questions [stays] largely speculative .

But however the causes may be conceived , it remains that war itself is one of the major forms of political conflict , and that war has important and far-reaching political consequences .
but however the causes may be conceived , it [stays] that war itself is one of the major forms of political conflict , and that war has important and far-reaching political consequences .

Even more than in the case of war , political sociologists have tended to neglect the more subtle , less blatant influences which affect political change . So far as the succession of generations is concerned , the major analysis remains that of Karl Mannheim ( 1928 ) , who argued that a generation has ‘ a certain structural resemblance ’ to class position :
even more than in the case of war , political sociologists have tended to neglect the more subtle , less blatant influences which affect political change . so far as the succession of generations is concerned , the major analysis [stays] that of karl mannheim ( 1928 ) , who argued that a generation has ‘ a certain structural resemblance ’ to class position :

In this spirit we take a model that has not been particularly studied in the literature but that remains close to the discussion of earlier sections .
in this spirit we take a model that has not been particularly studied in the literature but that [stays] close to the discussion of earlier sections .

The development of the theoretical framework remains therefore of high priority .
the development of the theoretical framework [stays] therefore of high priority .

This conclusion may not remain universally true when we allow for heterogeneous capital ; none the less , the possibility remains that shifting may take place and we need to check when considering policy proposals the likelihood of this actually happening .
this conclusion may not remain universally true when we allow for heterogeneous capital ; none the less , the possibility [stays] that shifting may take place and we need to check when considering policy proposals the likelihood of this actually happening .

Thus , the price of bonds ( relative to capital or consumption goods ) remains fixed ( say at unity ) .
thus , the price of bonds ( relative to capital or consumption goods ) [stays] fixed ( say at unity ) .

At some distant date in the past , the government chose to use debt rather than taxation ; the consequences of the tax reduction have died away , but the debt ( constant in per capita terms ) remains .
at some distant date in the past , the government chose to use debt rather than taxation ; the consequences of the tax reduction have died away , but the debt ( constant in per capita terms ) [stays] .

If , for example , the poll tax were to be replaced by a proportional income tax , this would in general change the tax burden on the median person , and hence — assuming that he remains decisive change the voting outcome .
if , for example , the poll tax were to be replaced by a proportional income tax , this would in general change the tax burden on the median person , and hence — assuming that he [stays] decisive change the voting outcome .

Perching on the remains of a brick wall , she tried to go back over everything that had happened since Leo had arrived .
perching on the [stays] of a brick wall , she tried to go back over everything that had happened since leo had arrived .

The question remains as to whether British policy-makers can fairly argue that by fighting ‘ from within ’ , although they may not have entirely succeeded in limiting the battleground to issues of trade and markets , they have nevertheless ensured that the economic policy itself has pointed in the right direction .
the question [stays] as to whether british policy-makers can fairly argue that by fighting ‘ from within ’ , although they may not have entirely succeeded in limiting the battleground to issues of trade and markets , they have nevertheless ensured that the economic policy itself has pointed in the right direction .

For these reasons , an analysis of the so-called ‘ uneven playing-field ’ in Europe does not need to dwell for too long on the fact that there remains in many countries a low level of compliance with the rules .
for these reasons , an analysis of the so-called ‘ uneven playing-field ’ in europe does not need to dwell for too long on the fact that there [stays] in many countries a low level of compliance with the rules .

It remains true , however , that because of the absolute size of the German economy ( now almost the equivalent of that of France and the United Kingdom combined ) it is inevitable that she should dominate any European Economic Union , particularly one based upon a Single Currency .
it [stays] true , however , that because of the absolute size of the german economy ( now almost the equivalent of that of france and the united kingdom combined ) it is inevitable that she should dominate any european economic union , particularly one based upon a single currency .

It remains , however , to be considered whether it would be possible to simulate the characteristics of nationhood at federal level by establishing there the appropriate mechanisms . Is it possible , for instance , to create the form of a democratic government out of a federal Europe ?
it [stays] , however , to be considered whether it would be possible to simulate the characteristics of nationhood at federal level by establishing there the appropriate mechanisms . is it possible , for instance , to create the form of a democratic government out of a federal europe ?

In this case the identity of the ultimate authority remains assured .
in this case the identity of the ultimate authority [stays] assured .

Community law itself clearly claims to override the constitutional arrangements of a Member State : ‘ The validity of a Community measure or its effect within a Member State remains unimpaired even if it is alleged that it runs counter to either fundamental rights as formulated by the Constitution of that State or the principles of a national constitutional structure ’ ( Internationale Handelsgesellschaft v. Einfuhr und Vorratsstelle Getreide ) .
community law itself clearly claims to override the constitutional arrangements of a member state : ‘ the validity of a community measure or its effect within a member state [stays] unimpaired even if it is alleged that it runs counter to either fundamental rights as formulated by the constitution of that state or the principles of a national constitutional structure ’ ( internationale handelsgesellschaft v. einfuhr und vorratsstelle getreide ) .

As to whether national governments are still ultimately in charge , the only matter left to be resolved is whether they retain the means to call a halt to the whole process by which law-making is rapidly ceasing to be their responsibility . Is it still feasible for the British Parliament to pass an Act repealing or amending the 1972 European Communities Act which enshrined the Treaty of Rome in British law ? What , in particular , remains of the doctrine of the sovereignty of Parliament by which no one Parliament may bind the actions of its successor ?
as to whether national governments are still ultimately in charge , the only matter left to be resolved is whether they retain the means to call a halt to the whole process by which law-making is rapidly ceasing to be their responsibility . is it still feasible for the british parliament to pass an act repealing or amending the 1972 european communities act which enshrined the treaty of rome in british law ? what , in particular , [stays] of the doctrine of the sovereignty of parliament by which no one parliament may bind the actions of its successor ?

The acid test of whether there is a continuing role for the nation state remains whether the citizens of Britain , for instance , would wish or feel able to transfer their allegiance to a government in Brussels .
the acid test of whether there is a continuing role for the nation state [stays] whether the citizens of britain , for instance , would wish or feel able to transfer their allegiance to a government in brussels .

The central question regarding the proposed expansion of the Community thus remains that of whether it will provide the impetus for closer integration or for the beginning of a Europe ‘ à la carte ’ .
the central question regarding the proposed expansion of the community thus [stays] that of whether it will provide the impetus for closer integration or for the beginning of a europe ‘ à la carte ’ .

The time will rapidly approach , however , no doubt just as interest rates are finally reduced to match a reduction in German interest rates ( if the pound remains attached formally or informally to the Deutschmark ) when the correct policy will be to raise interest rates .
the time will rapidly approach , however , no doubt just as interest rates are finally reduced to match a reduction in german interest rates ( if the pound [stays] attached formally or informally to the deutschmark ) when the correct policy will be to raise interest rates .

Mandeville was the first to approach it and , amongst the remains of the bed , we found the charred body of Cosmas .
mandeville was the first to approach it and , amongst the [stays] of the bed , we found the charred body of cosmas .

Benjamin then dug his hand into the empty manger and plucked out the remains of the horse 's feed .
benjamin then dug his hand into the empty manger and plucked out the [stays] of the horse 's feed .

You took the collar , sold the jewels from it and buried the remains at the foot of a scaffold .
you took the collar , sold the jewels from it and buried the [stays] at the foot of a scaffold .

Against the far wall were the remains of the hearth .
against the far wall were the [stays] of the hearth .

He glimpsed the twisted , molten remains of the metal water bucket : one of the sisters , hearing Dame Frances ' screams , had hurried down , opened the scullery door , and had seen her companion , nothing more than a human torch , the iron water bucket lying at her feet .
he glimpsed the twisted , molten [stays] of the metal water bucket : one of the sisters , hearing dame frances ' screams , had hurried down , opened the scullery door , and had seen her companion , nothing more than a human torch , the iron water bucket lying at her feet .

Corbett now examined the blackened remains of the water bucket .
corbett now examined the blackened [stays] of the water bucket .

It remains an open question as to what would happen with further repetitions .
it [stays] an open question as to what would happen with further repetitions .

The question remains as to the optimal method of obtaining a consistent estimate of the parameter on the change term in wealth over the full sample period .
the question [stays] as to the optimal method of obtaining a consistent estimate of the parameter on the change term in wealth over the full sample period .

The-table was now clear of its ghastly remains , the floor had been swept clear of its litter .
the-table was now clear of its ghastly [stays] , the floor had been swept clear of its litter .

‘ If the spirit continues to live after the death of the body , ’ he said to himself , ‘ is it so very surprising if it remains in this world for a time ?
‘ if the spirit continues to live after the death of the body , ’ he said to himself , ‘ is it so very surprising if it [stays] in this world for a time ?

The second sub-sample is wet sieved with sand retention for drying and weighing while the mud fraction , whose proportional contribution to the whole sediment is now known , remains in a receptacle for further analysis .
the second sub-sample is wet sieved with sand retention for drying and weighing while the mud fraction , whose proportional contribution to the whole sediment is now known , [stays] in a receptacle for further analysis .

The uncomfortable fact remains that though many have tried only modest success has been achieved and no overall method has yet been discovered .
the uncomfortable fact [stays] that though many have tried only modest success has been achieved and no overall method has yet been discovered .

It can also be recognized after etching , especially on a universal stage : dolomite remains at 30 µm , giving fourth- and fifth-order pinks and greens , while calcite is reduced to 10 µm or so , giving second- and third-order reds , blues and yellows ( Dickson , 1966 , p. 491 ) .
it can also be recognized after etching , especially on a universal stage : dolomite [stays] at 30 µm , giving fourth- and fifth-order pinks and greens , while calcite is reduced to 10 µm or so , giving second- and third-order reds , blues and yellows ( dickson , 1966 , p. 491 ) .

The timing and mode of formation of stylolites remains an area of contention in sedimentary petrography , although many stylolites show evidence of at least some component of their formation relatively late , if not necessarily deep , in the diagenetic history of their containing sediment ( Fig. 5.22d ) .
the timing and mode of formation of stylolites [stays] an area of contention in sedimentary petrography , although many stylolites show evidence of at least some component of their formation relatively late , if not necessarily deep , in the diagenetic history of their containing sediment ( fig. 5.22d ) .

Tyrrell remains an enigma .
tyrrell [stays] an enigma .

However , the process remains essentially the same .
however , the process [stays] essentially the same .

Even so , as Table 4.1 shows , wholesale funding remains a comparatively small proportion of total liabilities .
even so , as table 4.1 shows , wholesale funding [stays] a comparatively small proportion of total liabilities .

The doctor and Chief Superintendent Coffin stood aside as the photographer moved in to start his unenviable task of recording the remains .
the doctor and chief superintendent coffin stood aside as the photographer moved in to start his unenviable task of recording the [stays] .

Fussily , the embalmer dusted the remains of the salt from her body .
fussily , the embalmer dusted the [stays] of the salt from her body .

Such recent survey evidence as exists for Great Britain as a whole shows that , whatever the effects of comprehensivisation , the link between social class and educational achievement remains strong .
such recent survey evidence as exists for great britain as a whole shows that , whatever the effects of comprehensivisation , the link between social class and educational achievement [stays] strong .

To receive these remains .
to receive these [stays] .

The otter remains , hours . The air ,
the otter [stays] , hours . the air ,

Pressing the drying remains of men .
pressing the drying [stays] of men .

Nothing remains of the tête d'armée but the skin —
nothing [stays] of the tête d'armée but the skin —

Nothing remains of the warrior but his weapons
nothing [stays] of the warrior but his weapons

He lifts wings , he leaves the remains of something ,
he lifts wings , he leaves the [stays] of something ,

What there truly remains of me
what there truly [stays] of me

it remains the same .
it [stays] the same .

Then eqn ( 6.8 ) becomes When a vector is parallel transported along a path it remains the same at each point on its path ; thus i.e .
then eqn ( 6.8 ) becomes when a vector is parallel transported along a path it [stays] the same at each point on its path ; thus i.e .

Although the velocity of light remains equal to c the future lies inward .
although the velocity of light [stays] equal to c the future lies inward .

Although there are similarities between emotionally expressive utterances and poetic language , particularly in the importance of phonic elements , there remains a fundamental difference behind the superficial resemblance of the two : emotional speech is governed by its speaker 's affect , whereas poetic language is governed by its own immanent laws .
although there are similarities between emotionally expressive utterances and poetic language , particularly in the importance of phonic elements , there [stays] a fundamental difference behind the superficial resemblance of the two : emotional speech is governed by its speaker 's affect , whereas poetic language is governed by its own immanent laws .

The violence here consists in the foregrounding of the phonic aspect of ordinary speech , which in normal communication remains subservient to the referential ‘ set ’ of utterances .
the violence here consists in the foregrounding of the phonic aspect of ordinary speech , which in normal communication [stays] subservient to the referential ‘ set ’ of utterances .

Their idea of reality remains trapped in the cultural viewpoint which their theory of literature was trying to replace , and the difficulties which this led to can be most clearly seen in their theory of literary history : despite their innovatory definition of literary history as a discontinuous series , they were unable to explain how literary history related to other historical series .
their idea of reality [stays] trapped in the cultural viewpoint which their theory of literature was trying to replace , and the difficulties which this led to can be most clearly seen in their theory of literary history : despite their innovatory definition of literary history as a discontinuous series , they were unable to explain how literary history related to other historical series .

But the fact remains that , even if the dominant is taken as the starting-point , a description of the relationships of all the components of a text would be potentially endless .
but the fact [stays] that , even if the dominant is taken as the starting-point , a description of the relationships of all the components of a text would be potentially endless .

On the other hand the structural analysis of the language only tells part of the story ; the question how structural features contribute to the text 's overall effect still remains to be answered by the critic .
on the other hand the structural analysis of the language only tells part of the story ; the question how structural features contribute to the text 's overall effect still [stays] to be answered by the critic .

Todorov 's Grammaire du Décaméron is the least successful ( and perhaps the least interesting ) because his topic ( the events of narrative ) remains too narrow , and the application of linguistics too literal .
todorov 's grammaire du décaméron is the least successful ( and perhaps the least interesting ) because his topic ( the events of narrative ) [stays] too narrow , and the application of linguistics too literal .

Finally , the variety of ways in which linguistic terms have been applied to literary narrative suggests that even in the most linguistically conscious theories of literature , the role of linguistics remains subservient : it can never supply literary analysis with prescriptive procedures when it is operating at this level of the literary text .
finally , the variety of ways in which linguistic terms have been applied to literary narrative suggests that even in the most linguistically conscious theories of literature , the role of linguistics [stays] subservient : it can never supply literary analysis with prescriptive procedures when it is operating at this level of the literary text .

As Sa'di said : ‘ If a diamond falls in the dirt it is still a diamond , yet even if dust ascends all the way to heaven it remains without value .
as sa'di said : ‘ if a diamond falls in the dirt it is still a diamond , yet even if dust ascends all the way to heaven it [stays] without value .

Yet she remains for the modern reader perhaps the most intriguing member of the entire family .
yet she [stays] for the modern reader perhaps the most intriguing member of the entire family .

India remains , even in the cities , one of the most superstitious countries in the world .
india [stays] , even in the cities , one of the most superstitious countries in the world .

Instead , what remains , despite the completeness of the walls and the outer gates , is a peculiar emptiness , a hollowness at the very heart of the complex .
instead , what [stays] , despite the completeness of the walls and the outer gates , is a peculiar emptiness , a hollowness at the very heart of the complex .

‘ If there have been four hundred thousand Men in it when the King was there , there hardly remains the sixth part in his absence .
‘ if there have been four hundred thousand men in it when the king was there , there hardly [stays] the sixth part in his absence .

All around my rooftop pavilion could be seen other fragmentary remains of the Jahanpanah which Ibn Battuta would have known : a series of fragile mediaeval islands standing out amid the sea of modern sprawl .
all around my rooftop pavilion could be seen other fragmentary [stays] of the jahanpanah which ibn battuta would have known : a series of fragile mediaeval islands standing out amid the sea of modern sprawl .

’ He grinds the end of his cigar into a glass ashtray littered with previous crushed remains .
’ he grinds the end of his cigar into a glass ashtray littered with previous crushed [stays] .

It was full of glass cases , blocks of stone bearing vestigial carving , some fragments of very beautiful lettering upon the remains of a stone tablet , chattering schoolboys prodding inquisitively everywhere , and the young teacher , perspiring freely now , delivering a lecture upon Samian ware .
it was full of glass cases , blocks of stone bearing vestigial carving , some fragments of very beautiful lettering upon the [stays] of a stone tablet , chattering schoolboys prodding inquisitively everywhere , and the young teacher , perspiring freely now , delivering a lecture upon samian ware .

Having considered something of the nature of aesthetic perception , it remains necessary to link this with education and with techniques stemming from Personal Construct theory which might well be used both for learning and for investigation in the area of artistic appraisal .
having considered something of the nature of aesthetic perception , it [stays] necessary to link this with education and with techniques stemming from personal construct theory which might well be used both for learning and for investigation in the area of artistic appraisal .

Sometimes the opposite remains unclear and unlabelled .
sometimes the opposite [stays] unclear and unlabelled .

The lawn needed cutting and had daisies on it , as well as the remains of a child 's tennis set .
the lawn needed cutting and had daisies on it , as well as the [stays] of a child 's tennis set .

Emerging from the back staircase into the kitchen , Julia found McGee ferrying the remains from the dining room , downing in quick succession the remnants of the Chablis and the dregs of the Margaux .
emerging from the back staircase into the kitchen , julia found mcgee ferrying the [stays] from the dining room , downing in quick succession the remnants of the chablis and the dregs of the margaux .

The quietness of the long cabin room , the dim lighting and the remains of the shared supper , all contributed to the feeling of a ritual being celebrated .
the quietness of the long cabin room , the dim lighting and the [stays] of the shared supper , all contributed to the feeling of a ritual being celebrated .

Laura Medaware put the remains of her gin and tonic in its plastic cup down by her canvas chair , ground her menthol cigarette into the turf and said , ‘ Come on , Georgina .
laura medaware put the [stays] of her gin and tonic in its plastic cup down by her canvas chair , ground her menthol cigarette into the turf and said , ‘ come on , georgina .

‘ It is so good of you to look in on an old invalid when you must be so very busy at the office — what with the Dean 's compost heap yielding such unwholesome remains .
‘ it is so good of you to look in on an old invalid when you must be so very busy at the office — what with the dean 's compost heap yielding such unwholesome [stays] .

In every human body , they insisted , there remains a spark of the Divine Principle which once irradiated its entire being .
in every human body , they insisted , there [stays] a spark of the divine principle which once irradiated its entire being .

There remains the problem of detached pieces of parishes ( and , in some cases , of counties [ Fig .
there [stays] the problem of detached pieces of parishes ( and , in some cases , of counties [ fig .

It is worth paying considerable attention to the physical remains of a parish boundary , especially if an Anglo-Saxon charter with boundary clauses exists or the piece of land can be defined in its present outline at an early date .
it is worth paying considerable attention to the physical [stays] of a parish boundary , especially if an anglo-saxon charter with boundary clauses exists or the piece of land can be defined in its present outline at an early date .

At Chew Magna , south of Bristol , eighteenth century records show the minster 's influence very clearly , even at such a late date , and although no Anglo-Saxon masonry remains , the earlier dependent status of surrounding churches can still be seen . In the vestry book for 1752 it is reported that Charles Wallis , Sexton , ‘ appeared at the vestry and being strictly examined touching the bounds of the churchyard do acknowledge and declare to the best of his memory that :
at chew magna , south of bristol , eighteenth century records show the minster 's influence very clearly , even at such a late date , and although no anglo-saxon masonry [stays] , the earlier dependent status of surrounding churches can still be seen . in the vestry book for 1752 it is reported that charles wallis , sexton , ‘ appeared at the vestry and being strictly examined touching the bounds of the churchyard do acknowledge and declare to the best of his memory that :

On the ground these are very confused , but they show on the air pictures as probable remains of structures connected with the priory and an earlier area of the village .
on the ground these are very confused , but they show on the air pictures as probable [stays] of structures connected with the priory and an earlier area of the village .

At both Elkstone and Winstone there are churches with substantial Saxo-Norman and Norman remains .
at both elkstone and winstone there are churches with substantial saxo-norman and norman [stays] .

These indicate the remains of a tower , and , together with the corbels and tympanum , suggest a very fine church in the twelfth century .
these indicate the [stays] of a tower , and , together with the corbels and tympanum , suggest a very fine church in the twelfth century .

Christopher Taylor has recognised many cases of settlement remains intermixed with monastic and post-medieval earthworks .
christopher taylor has recognised many cases of settlement [stays] intermixed with monastic and post-medieval earthworks .

He cites Pipewell Abbey in Northamptonshire , where the earthworks of a deserted village mingle with the remains of the Cistercian monastic site .
he cites pipewell abbey in northamptonshire , where the earthworks of a deserted village mingle with the [stays] of the cistercian monastic site .

It is not uncommon to have the outworks of an earthen castle associated with settlement remains , as at Rockingham in Northamptonshire or Kilpeck in Herefordshire .
it is not uncommon to have the outworks of an earthen castle associated with settlement [stays] , as at rockingham in northamptonshire or kilpeck in herefordshire .

What is often not realised is that many deserted settlements have interesting and largely unappreciated post-medieval remains as well , such as mansion sites .
what is often not realised is that many deserted settlements have interesting and largely unappreciated post-medieval [stays] as well , such as mansion sites .

village or hamlet remains , but rather more garden or landscaping remains ( Fig .
village or hamlet [stays] , but rather more garden or landscaping [stays] ( fig .

Settlements emparked in the eighteenth or nineteenth centuries tend not to survive too well as earthworks , but abandoned sixteenth-or seventeenth-century garden schemes often incorporate remains of village earthworks .
settlements emparked in the eighteenth or nineteenth centuries tend not to survive too well as earthworks , but abandoned sixteenth-or seventeenth-century garden schemes often incorporate [stays] of village earthworks .

So far , we have been looking at the rather more impressive remains of former villages .
so far , we have been looking at the rather more impressive [stays] of former villages .

Over much of the country , therefore , the local researcher should expect to find only slight traces of settlement remains , not as extensive or as impressive as those usually published .
over much of the country , therefore , the local researcher should expect to find only slight traces of settlement [stays] , not as extensive or as impressive as those usually published .

The location of such deserted hamlets is an important task for the local fieldworker , since for many areas they were the most characteristic feature of the settlement pattern , although they are usually not as well documented as villages , churches and manor houses , nor are their remains as impressive or extensive .
the location of such deserted hamlets is an important task for the local fieldworker , since for many areas they were the most characteristic feature of the settlement pattern , although they are usually not as well documented as villages , churches and manor houses , nor are their [stays] as impressive or extensive .

More often the remains will be very slight , but most villages would formerly have had farms or cottages occupying what today are often grassy paddocks in gaps along the streets .
more often the [stays] will be very slight , but most villages would formerly have had farms or cottages occupying what today are often grassy paddocks in gaps along the streets .

Harold Fox has shown this in the vast upland parish of Hartland , where many farms are the remains of former hamlets , while other hamlets have disappeared completely .
harold fox has shown this in the vast upland parish of hartland , where many farms are the [stays] of former hamlets , while other hamlets have disappeared completely .

One has disappeared , but its ash house remains ; another has been rebuilt and is now the main farm .
one has disappeared , but its ash house [stays] ; another has been rebuilt and is now the main farm .

There are the remains of a medieval stone-built water mill on the stream below .
there are the [stays] of a medieval stone-built water mill on the stream below .

Even without details of field systems and earthwork remains some attempt can be made to see how early farmers were exploiting the resources available to their settlement .
even without details of field systems and earthwork [stays] some attempt can be made to see how early farmers were exploiting the resources available to their settlement .

Others exist in the hillfort which became Dolebury Warren outside Bristol , and a fine earthwork example , all of 15 centimetres ( 6 inches ) high , remains on Minchinhampton Common near Stroud in Gloucestershire .
others exist in the hillfort which became dolebury warren outside bristol , and a fine earthwork example , all of 15 centimetres ( 6 inches ) high , [stays] on minchinhampton common near stroud in gloucestershire .

Dr Frome was in his forties , with a clean-cut profile and the remains of Rupert Brooke good looks .
dr frome was in his forties , with a clean-cut profile and the [stays] of rupert brooke good looks .

‘ Nothing remains a kick long , does it ? ’ said Hilary , scooping back a lock of fair hair from over his eye . ‘ And one sees so much of the hetero thing at school : the Gilberd mooning after Tedder ; Billy Bunter Farraday mooning after little Penny ; sweet little Toby mooning after little Penny … ’
‘ nothing [stays] a kick long , does it ? ’ said hilary , scooping back a lock of fair hair from over his eye . ‘ and one sees so much of the hetero thing at school : the gilberd mooning after tedder ; billy bunter farraday mooning after little penny ; sweet little toby mooning after little penny … ’

’ They dub investigated the remains of the huge tureens of soup .
’ they dub investigated the [stays] of the huge tureens of soup .

‘ Where are the plates with the remains ? ’
‘ where are the plates with the [stays] ? ’

His companions sat round the kitchen table , the remains of an inadequate breakfast in front of them .
his companions sat round the kitchen table , the [stays] of an inadequate breakfast in front of them .

Huddled in one corner of the first-floor sun lounge , the remains of the committee of Literary Lionisers were holding an emergency meeting before facing their sundry charges .
huddled in one corner of the first-floor sun lounge , the [stays] of the committee of literary lionisers were holding an emergency meeting before facing their sundry charges .

He cobbled together a brunch of cold remains from the fridge , with lemon tea .
he cobbled together a brunch of cold [stays] from the fridge , with lemon tea .

However , the economic outlook in Italy remains uncertain .
however , the economic outlook in italy [stays] uncertain .

Hence some recent advocates of Charles the Bald 's partial `` rehabilitation `` have damned with faint praise : the art-historians ' artful exponent of royal style remains , for the historians of politics , a ruler without substantial authority .
hence some recent advocates of charles the bald 's partial `` rehabilitation `` have damned with faint praise : the art-historians ' artful exponent of royal style [stays] , for the historians of politics , a ruler without substantial authority .

Increased economic activity in these locations can be seen in Charles 's grant to the bishop of Paris of the Grand Pont with its mills and , later , of the right to dispose of some newly-built houses ; in the mint ( with its profits ) conceded to the bishop and cathedral clergy of Châlons ; in the trading interests of the clergy of Rheims ; in the monks of Corbie 's intended purchase ( `` if we have enough money `` ) of pepper at Cambrai ; and in the scattered but widespread references to episcopal and monastic building works ( not all of them ecclesiastical ) and , more rarely , in archaeological traces or architectural remains of these constructions .
increased economic activity in these locations can be seen in charles 's grant to the bishop of paris of the grand pont with its mills and , later , of the right to dispose of some newly-built houses ; in the mint ( with its profits ) conceded to the bishop and cathedral clergy of châlons ; in the trading interests of the clergy of rheims ; in the monks of corbie 's intended purchase ( `` if we have enough money `` ) of pepper at cambrai ; and in the scattered but widespread references to episcopal and monastic building works ( not all of them ecclesiastical ) and , more rarely , in archaeological traces or architectural [stays] of these constructions .

At one level , that history was ( and remains ) one of particular churches caught in webs of local traditions , loyalties and observancies , dependent on local patronage and personnel .
at one level , that history was ( and [stays] ) one of particular churches caught in webs of local traditions , loyalties and observancies , dependent on local patronage and personnel .

The local authority remains as the employer but all appointments are made by governors .
the local authority [stays] as the employer but all appointments are made by governors .

Although a beneficial financial interest in such assets remains with Scottish Enterprise as disclosed in note 1 to the accounts , they are shown in the company 's accounts in order to reflect assets under the company 's stewardship which will be developed in accordance with its business plan .
although a beneficial financial interest in such assets [stays] with scottish enterprise as disclosed in note 1 to the accounts , they are shown in the company 's accounts in order to reflect assets under the company 's stewardship which will be developed in accordance with its business plan .

Whatever the case , the fact remains that the Defence Committee voted almost unanimously to appoint Franco Commander-in-Chief of the Nationalist forces .
whatever the case , the fact [stays] that the defence committee voted almost unanimously to appoint franco commander-in-chief of the nationalist forces .

5.2 The original philosophy of the modules remains the same : the learning and teaching approaches should be student-centred , participative , integrated and where possible practical .
5.2 the original philosophy of the modules [stays] the same : the learning and teaching approaches should be student-centred , participative , integrated and where possible practical .

Given that the volume remains fixed at 330ml , determine the dimensions of a can which gives a minium surface area .
given that the volume [stays] fixed at 330ml , determine the dimensions of a can which gives a minium surface area .

Employee inventors should be allowed to seek an exclusive licence from the employer where the patented invention remains un-exploited for more than , say , twelve months ; for instance , licences may have been offered by the employer to third parties on commercially unrealistic terms .
employee inventors should be allowed to seek an exclusive licence from the employer where the patented invention [stays] un-exploited for more than , say , twelve months ; for instance , licences may have been offered by the employer to third parties on commercially unrealistic terms .

In such cases , the hiring of the other candidate remains valid ( see Mitsou , Equality in Law between Men and Women in the European Community , 2nd vol , National Reports , Louvain-la-Neuve , 1986 , pp 207 ff )
in such cases , the hiring of the other candidate [stays] valid ( see mitsou , equality in law between men and women in the european community , 2nd vol , national reports , louvain-la-neuve , 1986 , pp 207 ff )

However , despite some change in secondary selection , it remains the case , most remarkably , that though wartime and free education made the arguments of economy , fairness and impartiality more applicable they did not make them universally acceptable .
however , despite some change in secondary selection , it [stays] the case , most remarkably , that though wartime and free education made the arguments of economy , fairness and impartiality more applicable they did not make them universally acceptable .

The correlation between risk and recall remains significant even when the effect of any other single variable is partialled out .
the correlation between risk and recall [stays] significant even when the effect of any other single variable is partialled out .

Not only is there a significant relationship between the two , but this relationship remains significant even when comparisons are made within individual junctions , a procedure which leaves no significant effect on recall of estimated risk , number of vehicles seen or the time spent at the junction .
not only is there a significant relationship between the two , but this relationship [stays] significant even when comparisons are made within individual junctions , a procedure which leaves no significant effect on recall of estimated risk , number of vehicles seen or the time spent at the junction .

It remains possible that schemata play a general role in the recognition part of these studies .
it [stays] possible that schemata play a general role in the recognition part of these studies .

Our guiding principle remains our commitment to the Total Quality Management process .
our guiding principle [stays] our commitment to the total quality management process .

We are therefore constantly looking for ways both to reduce the amount of waste we produce and to upgrade that which remains .
we are therefore constantly looking for ways both to reduce the amount of waste we produce and to upgrade that which [stays] .

The company has played an important part in the operation by utilising its deep water surveying expertise to locate and recover what remains of the aircraft from the seabed .
the company has played an important part in the operation by utilising its deep water surveying expertise to locate and recover what [stays] of the aircraft from the seabed .

There remains considerable work to be done in rationalising our working methods throughout the company .
there [stays] considerable work to be done in rationalising our working methods throughout the company .

The Government remains committed to using Housing Associations as the principal provider of rented accommodation and our long established links with both Local Authorities and Housing Associations should enable us to continue to enjoy a substantial share of this market .
the government [stays] committed to using housing associations as the principal provider of rented accommodation and our long established links with both local authorities and housing associations should enable us to continue to enjoy a substantial share of this market .

Our mission in Group Services remains ‘ to help make Wimpey 's performance better — and better .
our mission in group services [stays] ‘ to help make wimpey 's performance better — and better .

However , the market was , and remains , very competitive .
however , the market was , and [stays] , very competitive .

Wimpol remains totally committed to supporting you in the development of your career and , through suitable training , to ensuring that you play a full part in the company 's continued growth .
wimpol [stays] totally committed to supporting you in the development of your career and , through suitable training , to ensuring that you play a full part in the company 's continued growth .

Although Johnnies , remains a big player in the property market and is involved in a wide range of activities including township , industrial , office and retail property developments , their business has expanded far beyond its original sphere of holding and administering property .
although johnnies , [stays] a big player in the property market and is involved in a wide range of activities including township , industrial , office and retail property developments , their business has expanded far beyond its original sphere of holding and administering property .

Most importantly , Johnnies remains committed to South Africa and continues to be proactive in its pursuit of equality for all in a democratic multi-party society .
most importantly , johnnies [stays] committed to south africa and continues to be proactive in its pursuit of equality for all in a democratic multi-party society .

It was a large walled-in structure containing several graves and a plaque stating that underneath were deposited the remains of Mary , who had been the daughter of somebody and the wife of someone else .
it was a large walled-in structure containing several graves and a plaque stating that underneath were deposited the [stays] of mary , who had been the daughter of somebody and the wife of someone else .

The rear window of one of the shops looked out over poor Mary 's deposited remains and Martin had to go in through the narrow entrance to flash his lamp on it .
the rear window of one of the shops looked out over poor mary 's deposited [stays] and martin had to go in through the narrow entrance to flash his lamp on it .

There remains the well-known case of the `` short Anglo-Saxon adjective `` .
there [stays] the well-known case of the `` short anglo-saxon adjective `` .

The initial verb + noun phrase combination shows in essence a property word extended by an entity word , and it therefore remains a ( complex ) property ; the adjective then further extends this property ; but because it is an adjective rather than an adverb , its own property is understood as applicable to the entity identified by the noun phrase , with the important reservation , demanded by the intensional structure , that it will not be applied to it unconditionally but only insofar as that entity stands in relation to the verb which accompanies it .
the initial verb + noun phrase combination shows in essence a property word extended by an entity word , and it therefore [stays] a ( complex ) property ; the adjective then further extends this property ; but because it is an adjective rather than an adverb , its own property is understood as applicable to the entity identified by the noun phrase , with the important reservation , demanded by the intensional structure , that it will not be applied to it unconditionally but only insofar as that entity stands in relation to the verb which accompanies it .

( This of course remains true even if the whole structure is then subjected within a wider framework to negation , or presented as being hypothetical . )
( this of course [stays] true even if the whole structure is then subjected within a wider framework to negation , or presented as being hypothetical . )

Thus there seems no way of taking the adjective in ( 35 ) as adverbal ( although ( 35 ) may be acceptable under one of the other adjectival interpretations ) : ( 35 ) the technician saw the machine faulty However , there remains the possibility of a verb which expresses the idea that some property is maintained in the object because of the action denoted by the verb .
thus there seems no way of taking the adjective in ( 35 ) as adverbal ( although ( 35 ) may be acceptable under one of the other adjectival interpretations ) : ( 35 ) the technician saw the machine faulty however , there [stays] the possibility of a verb which expresses the idea that some property is maintained in the object because of the action denoted by the verb .

Another such verb is leave ; hence example ( 3 ) ( b ) from Chapter 4 , repeated here : ( 40 ) this process leaves the items date-stamped is in fact structurally ambiguous in three ways rather than two , since the final adjective may be a postnominal attributive , a predicate qualifier , or an adverbal ; it remains true , however , that the ambiguity is one of structure rather than a matter of elusive `` shades of lexical meaning `` .
another such verb is leave ; hence example ( 3 ) ( b ) from chapter 4 , repeated here : ( 40 ) this process leaves the items date-stamped is in fact structurally ambiguous in three ways rather than two , since the final adjective may be a postnominal attributive , a predicate qualifier , or an adverbal ; it [stays] true , however , that the ambiguity is one of structure rather than a matter of elusive `` shades of lexical meaning `` .

Likewise the subject in the second example is the lady in the fur hat , and it remains that even when we are told that she is first in some set other than that of ladies in fur hats .
likewise the subject in the second example is the lady in the fur hat , and it [stays] that even when we are told that she is first in some set other than that of ladies in fur hats .

Lothar of Segni 's legal education remains something of a puzzle .
lothar of segni 's legal education [stays] something of a puzzle .

In sum , it remains extremely likely in view of the pope 's keen interest in the law that Lothar did study at Bologna .
in sum , it [stays] extremely likely in view of the pope 's keen interest in the law that lothar did study at bologna .

The new pope was enthroned in the most sacred place in the basilica of St Peter , in front of the confessio or altar of St Peter , close to the mortal remains of the apostle to whom Christ had committed the government of His Church on earth .
the new pope was enthroned in the most sacred place in the basilica of st peter , in front of the confessio or altar of st peter , close to the mortal [stays] of the apostle to whom christ had committed the government of his church on earth .

The feedback currently available indicates that the numbers of women reading engineering have increased to 15% ( from 7.8% in 1982–83 ) , but much more still remains to be done and industry 's most pressing problem in the 1990s will be to attract , recruit and retain the high calibre of technologically literate young people they will need .
the feedback currently available indicates that the numbers of women reading engineering have increased to 15% ( from 7.8% in 1982–83 ) , but much more still [stays] to be done and industry 's most pressing problem in the 1990s will be to attract , recruit and retain the high calibre of technologically literate young people they will need .

Geology , mathematics , and botany clearly represent ‘ classical ’ sciences , in which older literature remains current for longer periods than ‘ ephemeral ’ subjects such as engineering and physics , which rely much more heavily on the most recent literature .
geology , mathematics , and botany clearly represent ‘ classical ’ sciences , in which older literature [stays] current for longer periods than ‘ ephemeral ’ subjects such as engineering and physics , which rely much more heavily on the most recent literature .

Extensively renovated in 1986 , it remains a Leith landmark and the last remaining example of a windmill tower in this area , other than a number of ‘ doocots ’ still dotted around the Lothians and barely recognisable as windmill towers of the past .
extensively renovated in 1986 , it [stays] a leith landmark and the last remaining example of a windmill tower in this area , other than a number of ‘ doocots ’ still dotted around the lothians and barely recognisable as windmill towers of the past .

‘ The remains of the engine and parts of the wings could clearly be seen but most of the plane has been recovered by a salvage team during the war , ’ added Paul , a cadet Warrant Officer in the squadron .
‘ the [stays] of the engine and parts of the wings could clearly be seen but most of the plane has been recovered by a salvage team during the war , ’ added paul , a cadet warrant officer in the squadron .

If he had eaten the grain instead , he and his family would not now be starving , but they would be homeless and the remains of the grain would have been seized for the debt .
if he had eaten the grain instead , he and his family would not now be starving , but they would be homeless and the [stays] of the grain would have been seized for the debt .

The Constitutional Council was therefore `` the only official institution which remains after the President of the Republic `` .
the constitutional council was therefore `` the only official institution which [stays] after the president of the republic `` .

The remains of the king and his father had been removed on Aug. 16 from Burg Hohenzollern at Hechingen , near Stuttgart , where they had been placed in 1952 — having been recovered from Nazi hands during the last days of the Second World War .
the [stays] of the king and his father had been removed on aug. 16 from burg hohenzollern at hechingen , near stuttgart , where they had been placed in 1952 — having been recovered from nazi hands during the last days of the second world war .

`` Our purpose in the Persian Gulf remains constant : to drive Iraq out of Kuwait , to restore Kuwait 's legitimate government , and to ensure the stability and security of this critical region … We do not seek the destruction of Iraq , its culture or its people .
`` our purpose in the persian gulf [stays] constant : to drive iraq out of kuwait , to restore kuwait 's legitimate government , and to ensure the stability and security of this critical region … we do not seek the destruction of iraq , its culture or its people .

Recent data show we are making progress , but much remains to be done .
recent data show we are making progress , but much [stays] to be done .

Imelda Marcos , widow of the former President Ferdinand Marcos who was overthrown in 1986 , said on Sept. 3 that she would return to face trial in the Philippines if the government agreed that her husband 's remains could eventually be reburied in his homeland .
imelda marcos , widow of the former president ferdinand marcos who was overthrown in 1986 , said on sept. 3 that she would return to face trial in the philippines if the government agreed that her husband 's [stays] could eventually be reburied in his homeland .

Andorra remains the only European country in which political parties are technically illegal , although elected representatives belong to different political persuasions .
andorra [stays] the only european country in which political parties are technically illegal , although elected representatives belong to different political persuasions .

Greenland has been autonomous since May 1 , 1979 , and has a parliament ( Landsting ) and government ( Landsstyre ) with full executive authority , but it remains an integral part of the Kingdom of Denmark .
greenland has been autonomous since may 1 , 1979 , and has a parliament ( landsting ) and government ( landsstyre ) with full executive authority , but it [stays] an integral part of the kingdom of denmark .

On Dec. 26 Iran 's spiritual leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei said that the February 1989 fatwa against the British author Salman Rushdie `` remains unchanged `` .
on dec. 26 iran 's spiritual leader ayatollah seyed ali khamenei said that the february 1989 fatwa against the british author salman rushdie `` [stays] unchanged `` .

The semi-embalmed remains of Col. William Higgins were discovered in Beirut 's southern suburbs on Dec. 21 following an anonymous telephone call .
the semi-embalmed [stays] of col. william higgins were discovered in beirut 's southern suburbs on dec. 21 following an anonymous telephone call .

Vietnam handed over the remains of another six MIAs on Nov. 4 , bringing the total number of servicemen 's remains handed over to date to more than 450 .
vietnam handed over the [stays] of another six mias on nov. 4 , bringing the total number of servicemen 's [stays] handed over to date to more than 450 .

Deng retired from his last official post ( Chair of the State Council Military Commission ) in 1990 , but in his role as `` elder statesman `` he probably remains the supreme power-broker .
deng retired from his last official post ( chair of the state council military commission ) in 1990 , but in his role as `` elder statesman `` he probably [stays] the supreme power-broker .

In May Aboriginal campaigners persuaded Edinburgh University , in Scotland , to return the remains of more than 300 Aborigines from its anthropological collection in order that they could be reburied according to Aboriginal traditions .
in may aboriginal campaigners persuaded edinburgh university , in scotland , to return the [stays] of more than 300 aborigines from its anthropological collection in order that they could be reburied according to aboriginal traditions .

The decision marked an important victory in an ongoing campaign to secure the return of collections of Aboriginal remains by institutions throughout Europe .
the decision marked an important victory in an ongoing campaign to secure the return of collections of aboriginal [stays] by institutions throughout europe .

The remains of Letelier were returned on Nov. 4 from Venezuela to the Chilean capital , Santiago , where they were buried in the central cemetery following a state funeral attended by President Patricio Aylwin Azócar and his entire Cabinet .
the [stays] of letelier were returned on nov. 4 from venezuela to the chilean capital , santiago , where they were buried in the central cemetery following a state funeral attended by president patricio aylwin azócar and his entire cabinet .

Although his crime had been extremely callous — after killing the boys he had consumed the remains of their half-eaten lunch — opponents of the death sentence had appealed for clemency on the grounds that Harris was mentally unfit for execution , having suffered from foetal-alcohol syndrome and extensive childhood abuse .
although his crime had been extremely callous — after killing the boys he had consumed the [stays] of their half-eaten lunch — opponents of the death sentence had appealed for clemency on the grounds that harris was mentally unfit for execution , having suffered from foetal-alcohol syndrome and extensive childhood abuse .

The party political scene remains fluid , with parties merging and forming alliances in the run-up to the March 1991 general elections .
the party political scene [stays] fluid , with parties merging and forming alliances in the run-up to the march 1991 general elections .

While this remains true perhaps in the physical and emotional sense , it need not be true of the learning situation if sufficient curriculum liaison has taken place .
while this [stays] true perhaps in the physical and emotional sense , it need not be true of the learning situation if sufficient curriculum liaison has taken place .

The embedding of transferable skills through modularisation by the inclusion of ‘ enterprise ’ in all University courses remains a key element of the Enterprise Centre 's programme .
the embedding of transferable skills through modularisation by the inclusion of ‘ enterprise ’ in all university courses [stays] a key element of the enterprise centre 's programme .

Clearly , however , it remains significant to discover the extent of physical disturbance of the building or the land involved in the removal of the object .
clearly , however , it [stays] significant to discover the extent of physical disturbance of the building or the land involved in the removal of the object .

Moreover , the fundamental problem remains that of the housing shortage .
moreover , the fundamental problem [stays] that of the housing shortage .

There remains the question of the existence of a term .
there [stays] the question of the existence of a term .

However , there remains much confusion in this area about the means by which the courts test whether the refusal of an individual landlord is reasonable or unreasonable :
however , there [stays] much confusion in this area about the means by which the courts test whether the refusal of an individual landlord is reasonable or unreasonable :

For , in the absence of a contrary agreement with the original lessor , the original tenant remains liable throughout the entire term of the lease irrespective of the fact that he or she may have assigned or sold the tenancy to another .
for , in the absence of a contrary agreement with the original lessor , the original tenant [stays] liable throughout the entire term of the lease irrespective of the fact that he or she may have assigned or sold the tenancy to another .

Ownership passes to the alleged thief under a voidable contract and remains with him until the contract is avoided by the innocent party .
ownership passes to the alleged thief under a voidable contract and [stays] with him until the contract is avoided by the innocent party .

Section 5 ( 4 ) is not needed for void contracts because ownership remains with the victim .
section 5 ( 4 ) is not needed for void contracts because ownership [stays] with the victim .

If the accused leaves without paying because he is absent-minded , he is not liable , and remains not guilty even though he discovers his mistake afterwards .
if the accused leaves without paying because he is absent-minded , he is not liable , and [stays] not guilty even though he discovers his mistake afterwards .

Collins and Brown scotch that notion , but uncertainty remains whether inserting an implement into the premises is sufficient .
collins and brown scotch that notion , but uncertainty [stays] whether inserting an implement into the premises is sufficient .

Manslaughter remains a catch-all offence .
manslaughter [stays] a catch-all offence .

It is possible to use cohesive markers which are incompatible with the sentences they are supposed to link ; the resulting effect is one of a cohesive text which remains incoherent .
it is possible to use cohesive markers which are incompatible with the sentences they are supposed to link ; the resulting effect is one of a cohesive text which [stays] incoherent .

Even though we can be quite sure that we would use `` the `` in these examples , it remains difficult to explain exactly how we decide .
even though we can be quite sure that we would use `` the `` in these examples , it [stays] difficult to explain exactly how we decide .

In many cases , however , despite the existence of general conventions it remains a writer 's personal decision whether to use a comma or not .
in many cases , however , despite the existence of general conventions it [stays] a writer 's personal decision whether to use a comma or not .

The company still remains wholly comitted to these principles today and ensures they are shared by its franchisees .
the company still [stays] wholly comitted to these principles today and ensures they are shared by its franchisees .

The biggest threat to standards remains the state of the economy .
the biggest threat to standards [stays] the state of the economy .

Hot air is circulated at a high velocity in the cooking cabinet where it instantly envelopes the food and seals the meat so that it remains juicy .
hot air is circulated at a high velocity in the cooking cabinet where it instantly envelopes the food and seals the meat so that it [stays] juicy .

Colouring takes place , but the meat remains moist as the air in the chamber still has humidity .
colouring takes place , but the meat [stays] moist as the air in the chamber still has humidity .

Be selective of safety features , like door drip trays , to ensure that the floor remains dry ; door stop positions to protect your staff ; positive runners on the oven racks to stop loaded containers from spilling over you ; and lock position for the oven rack
be selective of safety features , like door drip trays , to ensure that the floor [stays] dry ; door stop positions to protect your staff ; positive runners on the oven racks to stop loaded containers from spilling over you ; and lock position for the oven rack

The idea that Caribbean English in Britain has its own characteristic voice setting therefore remains just a guess .
the idea that caribbean english in britain has its own characteristic voice setting therefore [stays] just a guess .

Which test will be followed remains to be seen .
which test will be followed [stays] to be seen .

The landlord remains as occupier for the parts of the building he has retained .
the landlord [stays] as occupier for the parts of the building he has retained .

This form of trespass is known as continuing trespass , as the trespass continues as long as the offending article remains on the land .
this form of trespass is known as continuing trespass , as the trespass continues as long as the offending article [stays] on the land .

Concurrent with the building of the earliest , a timber grave chamber was constructed beneath its floor to receive the decomposed remains of a middle-aged man .
concurrent with the building of the earliest , a timber grave chamber was constructed beneath its floor to receive the decomposed [stays] of a middle-aged man .

The most interesting aspect of the affair , however , is the very swift growth of the cult of St Edward , something which his assassins may have foreseen , if Archbishop Wulfstan is correct in saying that they burnt the corpse , presumably in an attempt to destroy remains which might become relics .
the most interesting aspect of the affair , however , is the very swift growth of the cult of st edward , something which his assassins may have foreseen , if archbishop wulfstan is correct in saying that they burnt the corpse , presumably in an attempt to destroy [stays] which might become relics .

One hesitates long before accepting such details from a hagiographer writing some sixty years later , not least because by Goscelin 's time the canons of St Gregory 's Canterbury were claiming that they , not St Augustine 's , had Mildred 's remains .
one hesitates long before accepting such details from a hagiographer writing some sixty years later , not least because by goscelin 's time the canons of st gregory 's canterbury were claiming that they , not st augustine 's , had mildred 's [stays] .

Similarly , Cnut and Emma gave to Abingdon a reliquary for the remains of St Vincent which bore upon it the inscription `` King Cnut and Queen Ælfgifu commanded the making of this reliquary from 230 gold mancuses , refined by fire , and two pounds of silver of great weight `` .
similarly , cnut and emma gave to abingdon a reliquary for the [stays] of st vincent which bore upon it the inscription `` king cnut and queen ælfgifu commanded the making of this reliquary from 230 gold mancuses , refined by fire , and two pounds of silver of great weight `` .

In Christian belief it was a symbol of the resurrection of the flesh , and may have been significant in Scandinavian paganism too , for the bones of a peacock were found within the ninth-century ship-burial from Gokstad in Norway , whereas all other animal remains lay outside it .
in christian belief it was a symbol of the resurrection of the flesh , and may have been significant in scandinavian paganism too , for the bones of a peacock were found within the ninth-century ship-burial from gokstad in norway , whereas all other animal [stays] lay outside it .

The entry of his feast-day in eleventh-century church calendars indicates that he became fairly widely venerated , and miracles were occurring at his tomb in St Paul 's before the translation of his remains from London to Canterbury in 1023 .
the entry of his feast-day in eleventh-century church calendars indicates that he became fairly widely venerated , and miracles were occurring at his tomb in st paul 's before the translation of his [stays] from london to canterbury in 1023 .

Although progress has been made in many areas , especially in removing technical barriers to the free movement of goods , and in the liberalisation of financial services , much remains to be done .
although progress has been made in many areas , especially in removing technical barriers to the free movement of goods , and in the liberalisation of financial services , much [stays] to be done .

All that remains is to normalise the actual trade figures in Table 3 , using the `` anti-monde `` figures in the table above .
all that [stays] is to normalise the actual trade figures in table 3 , using the `` anti-monde `` figures in the table above .

As long as this element of political discretion remains there is a potential source of dispute .
as long as this element of political discretion [stays] there is a potential source of dispute .

( i ) where the specified event happens in respect of a member , any share registered in his name may , notwithstanding paragraph ( 1 ) of this Rule , remain so registered for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it remains so registered ; and
( i ) where the specified event happens in respect of a member , any share registered in his name may , notwithstanding paragraph ( 1 ) of this rule , remain so registered for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it [stays] so registered ; and

( 1 ) Subject to the provisions of these Rules , a body corporate may carry on business consisting of the provision of professional services such as are provided by individuals practising as solicitors or by multi-national partnerships provided that before commencing any such business such body corporate shall have been recognised by the Council as being a suitable body to undertake the provision of such services and provided that at all times while carrying on such business it remains so recognised .
( 1 ) subject to the provisions of these rules , a body corporate may carry on business consisting of the provision of professional services such as are provided by individuals practising as solicitors or by multi-national partnerships provided that before commencing any such business such body corporate shall have been recognised by the council as being a suitable body to undertake the provision of such services and provided that at all times while carrying on such business it [stays] so recognised .

( i ) where the specified event happens in respect of a member , any share registered in his name may , notwithstanding paragraph ( 1 ) of this Rule , remain so registered for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it remains so registered ; and
( i ) where the specified event happens in respect of a member , any share registered in his name may , notwithstanding paragraph ( 1 ) of this rule , remain so registered for a period of not longer than six months from the date of the specified event ; provided that no voting rights shall be exercised in respect of any such share while it [stays] so registered ; and

As long as the differential remains at the present level incorporation can not be justified on fiscal grounds .
as long as the differential [stays] at the present level incorporation can not be justified on fiscal grounds .

The problem remains of whether the identification of stress is possible ; some experimental work reported in Lea ( 1980 ) points to some progress in this field .
the problem [stays] of whether the identification of stress is possible ; some experimental work reported in lea ( 1980 ) points to some progress in this field .

Of course , this test only applies to non-literal copying and the actual code remains fully protected against direct ( literal ) copying .
of course , this test only applies to non-literal copying and the actual code [stays] fully protected against direct ( literal ) copying .

It remains to be seen what effect this case will have on copyright litigation in the United States ( the judges in the Court of Appeals recognized that their test would be difficult to apply and would need further case law before its application could be predicted with any certainty ) .
it [stays] to be seen what effect this case will have on copyright litigation in the united states ( the judges in the court of appeals recognized that their test would be difficult to apply and would need further case law before its application could be predicted with any certainty ) .

An agreement which is described as a lease or a rental is essentially a contract of hire and a hire agreement is one under which the possession of the goods passes to the other party but the property in the goods ( the ownership ) remains with the supplier . ``
an agreement which is described as a lease or a rental is essentially a contract of hire and a hire agreement is one under which the possession of the goods passes to the other party but the property in the goods ( the ownership ) [stays] with the supplier . ``

City and Guilds remains in the forefront of vocational education and training , working to provide nationally recognised qualifications , to enable people to gain recognition of their skills and knowledge and to provide a skilled workforce across a wide range of industrial sectors .
city and guilds [stays] in the forefront of vocational education and training , working to provide nationally recognised qualifications , to enable people to gain recognition of their skills and knowledge and to provide a skilled workforce across a wide range of industrial sectors .

With the illicit amorous adventures of wives in the situation of the eternal triangle ( husband , wife , lover ) being the most common single dramatic type in the fabliaux , the most frequent type as the object of ridicule is the deceived husband , often not merely cuckolded but on occasion beaten or otherwise degraded or abused as well ; and what is more after all this sometimes so utterly deceived that he remains happy in the delusion that his wife has proved herself faithful to him .
with the illicit amorous adventures of wives in the situation of the eternal triangle ( husband , wife , lover ) being the most common single dramatic type in the fabliaux , the most frequent type as the object of ridicule is the deceived husband , often not merely cuckolded but on occasion beaten or otherwise degraded or abused as well ; and what is more after all this sometimes so utterly deceived that he [stays] happy in the delusion that his wife has proved herself faithful to him .

The girl remains witty and determined throughout the extant text , and thus quite the opposite of Margery in Dame Sirith .
the girl [stays] witty and determined throughout the extant text , and thus quite the opposite of margery in dame sirith .

Although banking is already internationalised , considerable variations continue to exist in charges , and insurance remains fragmented and subject to national protection , except in the United Kingdom and Netherlands .
although banking is already internationalised , considerable variations continue to exist in charges , and insurance [stays] fragmented and subject to national protection , except in the united kingdom and netherlands .

The Community has also established Sedoc ( Regulation 68/1612 ) , a European system of employment information exchange , but this remains inadequate and little used , with only 1000 job applications processed annually .
the community has also established sedoc ( regulation 68/1612 ) , a european system of employment information exchange , but this [stays] inadequate and little used , with only 1000 job applications processed annually .

Since 1972 the 189 member Committee has had the right to draw up opinions on all questions relating to the Community , but it remains advisory .
since 1972 the 189 member committee has had the right to draw up opinions on all questions relating to the community , but it [stays] advisory .

It is however true to say that in most countries the hotel and leisure industry remains staffed by expatriates , as do the more senior positions in the contract services sector .
it is however true to say that in most countries the hotel and leisure industry [stays] staffed by expatriates , as do the more senior positions in the contract services sector .

Molly is at her brother 's home in Peterborough where she is resting peacefully but remains seriously ill .
molly is at her brother 's home in peterborough where she is resting peacefully but [stays] seriously ill .

The following is typical of the majority of these uses : ( 181 ) But the circumstance which , more than any other , has made Ireland to differ from Scotland , remains to be noticed .
the following is typical of the majority of these uses : ( 181 ) but the circumstance which , more than any other , has made ireland to differ from scotland , [stays] to be noticed .

, but the fact remains that the person designated by he in this example is felt as not yet having attained the realization of `` seeing the sunlight once more `` , i.e .
, but the fact [stays] that the person designated by he in this example is felt as not yet having attained the realization of `` seeing the sunlight once more `` , i.e .

This is less obvious in English , where all that remains of personal endings is the -s of the non-past .
this is less obvious in english , where all that [stays] of personal endings is the -s of the non-past .

The triangle Greece-Rome-Judaea is still at the centre and is likely to stay at the centre as long as Christianity remains the religion of the West .
the triangle greece-rome-judaea is still at the centre and is likely to stay at the centre as long as christianity [stays] the religion of the west .

But the fact remains that Panaetius lived for some time in Rome , as the Index Stoicorum Herculanensis , an excellent source , states ( 73 ) ; and there seems to be no reason to doubt the statement of Cicero in Pro Murena that he was the guest of Scipio ( 31.56 ) .
but the fact [stays] that panaetius lived for some time in rome , as the index stoicorum herculanensis , an excellent source , states ( 73 ) ; and there seems to be no reason to doubt the statement of cicero in pro murena that he was the guest of scipio ( 31.56 ) .

But it still remains significant that some of the pathetic figures are to be found on funerary urns .
but it still [stays] significant that some of the pathetic figures are to be found on funerary urns .

This sweet-tasting , open-textured meat with its fine , white fat needs to be hung for only a couple of days , so it remains quite pink .
this sweet-tasting , open-textured meat with its fine , white fat needs to be hung for only a couple of days , so it [stays] quite pink .

Before me were the remains of an impromptu wedding breakfast .
before me were the [stays] of an impromptu wedding breakfast .

With such obvious delight in food , it 's hard to see how Blanc remains so slim .
with such obvious delight in food , it 's hard to see how blanc [stays] so slim .

The Renaissance had provided western Europe with a handsome collection of hitherto lost Greek texts , literary , philosophical and historical , to be studied by scholars , admired by the cultivated ( generally in translation ) , and imitated , in part , by contemporary writers ; but insofar as the Renaissance was actually a `` rebirth `` of anything past , it was predominantly a rebirth of Rome and the spirit of Rome , not of Greece ; and the remains of Greek antiquity were treated , and well into the eighteenth century continued to be treated , largely as if they belonged to some kind of extension of the now assimilated world of Rome .
the renaissance had provided western europe with a handsome collection of hitherto lost greek texts , literary , philosophical and historical , to be studied by scholars , admired by the cultivated ( generally in translation ) , and imitated , in part , by contemporary writers ; but insofar as the renaissance was actually a `` rebirth `` of anything past , it was predominantly a rebirth of rome and the spirit of rome , not of greece ; and the [stays] of greek antiquity were treated , and well into the eighteenth century continued to be treated , largely as if they belonged to some kind of extension of the now assimilated world of rome .

In August , near Worth , he sent his mother `` a memoir of the horribly devastated battlefield , scattered all over with countless mournful remains and reeking with dead bodies `` and in December he wrote to a friend : `` if one is to avoid losing all courage , one must not think of these frightful things any more `` It is apparent how far removed this mood was from any chauvinistic or militaristic fervour — nor would we particularly expect any such fervour ( despite long established misconceptions about Nietzsche 's attitudes ) from one whose ideas of German nationhood were moulded so largely by the cultural preoccupations of a Hölderlin or a Schopenhauer .
in august , near worth , he sent his mother `` a memoir of the horribly devastated battlefield , scattered all over with countless mournful [stays] and reeking with dead bodies `` and in december he wrote to a friend : `` if one is to avoid losing all courage , one must not think of these frightful things any more `` it is apparent how far removed this mood was from any chauvinistic or militaristic fervour — nor would we particularly expect any such fervour ( despite long established misconceptions about nietzsche 's attitudes ) from one whose ideas of german nationhood were moulded so largely by the cultural preoccupations of a hölderlin or a schopenhauer .

And even though he insisted on the divinity of his inner voice , the essential perversity remains : in him , instinct , which should be a creative-affirmative force , becomes the critic , and consciousness , which should be critical-dissuasive becomes the creator .
and even though he insisted on the divinity of his inner voice , the essential perversity [stays] : in him , instinct , which should be a creative-affirmative force , becomes the critic , and consciousness , which should be critical-dissuasive becomes the creator .

Although the reasons for observed variations in pregnancy and delivery complications by maternal age and parity are not full understood , the fact of these differentials remains , and when women are in the very early or late childbearing ages , of zero or high parity , they are at risk and are therefore in need of care and of health and family planning information and service .
although the reasons for observed variations in pregnancy and delivery complications by maternal age and parity are not full understood , the fact of these differentials [stays] , and when women are in the very early or late childbearing ages , of zero or high parity , they are at risk and are therefore in need of care and of health and family planning information and service .

The pervasiveness of these practices in the past and the desire for healthful spacing that remains among many peoples should be the principle upon which fertility regulation by modern means is introduced .
the pervasiveness of these practices in the past and the desire for healthful spacing that [stays] among many peoples should be the principle upon which fertility regulation by modern means is introduced .

The assessment of a student 's mastery of specific elements which have been taught , in order to determine what still remains to be mastered .
the assessment of a student 's mastery of specific elements which have been taught , in order to determine what still [stays] to be mastered .

Thus any word belonging to an inflecting class has a stem which remains constant from class to class and affixes which differ from class to class .
thus any word belonging to an inflecting class has a stem which [stays] constant from class to class and affixes which differ from class to class .

The lower jaw was embedded among the ribs and the whole remains occupied a space of 95 cm in length and about 16 cm in depth .
the lower jaw was embedded among the ribs and the whole [stays] occupied a space of 95 cm in length and about 16 cm in depth .

The remains were in a deposit forming a shelf which represents the remnant of a low terrace of the west bank of the Medway .
the [stays] were in a deposit forming a shelf which represents the remnant of a low terrace of the west bank of the medway .

This was in a line with Halling Man on the old river bank , but sadly owing to the urgency of the work the remains were buried under the pylon .
this was in a line with halling man on the old river bank , but sadly owing to the urgency of the work the [stays] were buried under the pylon .

In a few cases such as at Cuxton and Snodland , the positions of the churches do correspond with the remains of large Roman Villas .
in a few cases such as at cuxton and snodland , the positions of the churches do correspond with the [stays] of large roman villas .

Many remains of Roman burials have been discovered within the bounds of Halling .
many [stays] of roman burials have been discovered within the bounds of halling .

At Holborough `` Knob `` in 1954 an excavation carried out by the Ministry of Works uncovered many Roman remains , principally a lead coffin which contained the skeleton of a young child , including interestingly a Patch of flaxen hair .
at holborough `` knob `` in 1954 an excavation carried out by the ministry of works uncovered many roman [stays] , principally a lead coffin which contained the skeleton of a young child , including interestingly a patch of flaxen hair .

During this restoration work some traces of earlier Norman work were found embedded in the walls of the aisles , also remains of the rood screen .
during this restoration work some traces of earlier norman work were found embedded in the walls of the aisles , also [stays] of the rood screen .

At the junction of the Pilgrims Road where one way leads to Birling and the other branches off into the woods there stands the remains of the old Free Chapel of St. Lawrence , which gives its name to the lane running by .
at the junction of the pilgrims road where one way leads to birling and the other branches off into the woods there stands the [stays] of the old free chapel of st. lawrence , which gives its name to the lane running by .

The building is of rough stone and remains of some of its ancient windows are still in the south and the north walls .
the building is of rough stone and [stays] of some of its ancient windows are still in the south and the north walls .

What timber remains is probably of 18th century origin when the building was converted into a work-shop and dwelling house for a wheelwright .
what timber [stays] is probably of 18th century origin when the building was converted into a work-shop and dwelling house for a wheelwright .

" On the left hand side within and near the door , still remains the small niche or receptacle for the holy water .
" on the left hand side within and near the door , still [stays] the small niche or receptacle for the holy water .

" This part of the building remains unplastered and the whole covered in tiles . "
" this part of the building [stays] unplastered and the whole covered in tiles . "

Forming the border between Hailing and Snodland can be clearly seen the road or lane that once formed the boundary between the two villages , all that remains of this is a small portion below Clements Farm .
forming the border between hailing and snodland can be clearly seen the road or lane that once formed the boundary between the two villages , all that [stays] of this is a small portion below clements farm .

To the rear of these houses are remains of an old barn , rapidly falling into decay , all that exists from the original farm .
to the rear of these houses are [stays] of an old barn , rapidly falling into decay , all that exists from the original farm .

During the morning we had passed the remains of an Adoimara village which the Asaimara had obliterated a month earlier , killing sixty-one people , including women and children .
during the morning we had passed the [stays] of an adoimara village which the asaimara had obliterated a month earlier , killing sixty-one people , including women and children .

No matter what fancy algorithms or search mechanisms are introduced , the principle remains the same : retrieval is reduced to term matching and the system becomes mealy a super matching machine out of the user 's control .
no matter what fancy algorithms or search mechanisms are introduced , the principle [stays] the same : retrieval is reduced to term matching and the system becomes mealy a super matching machine out of the user 's control .

No wonder she feels she ought to hold onto it , especially since she 's also uncertain whether the bike remains hers while someone borrows it .
no wonder she feels she ought to hold onto it , especially since she 's also uncertain whether the bike [stays] hers while someone borrows it .

When the baby squints , her good eye remains straight to do the looking while the ‘ lazy ’ eye wanders .
when the baby squints , her good eye [stays] straight to do the looking while the ‘ lazy ’ eye wanders .

The water remains in the straw until you life your finger off .
the water [stays] in the straw until you life your finger off .

That way the actual decision remains unaltered .
that way the actual decision [stays] unaltered .

But detail remains everyone 's business .
but detail [stays] everyone 's business .

Promise remains open-ended .
promise [stays] open-ended .

This seems a paradox but it is not : the system is geared to the needs of the operating units but the units are expendable so long as the system remains intact .
this seems a paradox but it is not : the system is geared to the needs of the operating units but the units are expendable so long as the system [stays] intact .

Whether this policy can be continued for much longer in the face of the decline in scruples shown by the large drug syndicates who are raking in huge profits from sales of cannabis , heroin and cocaine , remains to be seen .
whether this policy can be continued for much longer in the face of the decline in scruples shown by the large drug syndicates who are raking in huge profits from sales of cannabis , heroin and cocaine , [stays] to be seen .

It should perhaps be stressed at this point that the three-element model , while modelling many of the features of solid polymers , remains only a model .
it should perhaps be stressed at this point that the three-element model , while modelling many of the features of solid polymers , [stays] only a model .

The second assumption is that the shape of the distribution remains unchanged with temperature , that is , the magnitudes of each relaxation change uniformly with temperature .
the second assumption is that the shape of the distribution [stays] unchanged with temperature , that is , the magnitudes of each relaxation change uniformly with temperature .

Below Tg , however , the viscosity has risen so far that rapid crystallization is not possible and the material remains in the disordered glassy state .
below tg , however , the viscosity has risen so far that rapid crystallization is not possible and the material [stays] in the disordered glassy state .

This sense of loyalty still remains in the figure of Sir Bedivere who goes on to ‘ fling Excalibur ’ back to the lake ; a task of great difficulty because of the sword 's ‘ worthy note ’ and ‘ the wonder of its hilt ’ which entranced him .
this sense of loyalty still [stays] in the figure of sir bedivere who goes on to ‘ fling excalibur ’ back to the lake ; a task of great difficulty because of the sword 's ‘ worthy note ’ and ‘ the wonder of its hilt ’ which entranced him .

It remains possible , however , that these abnormalities are simply a consequence of small vessels becoming involved in the chronic inflammatory process .
it [stays] possible , however , that these abnormalities are simply a consequence of small vessels becoming involved in the chronic inflammatory process .

Since the laser Doppler recordings represent highly localised measurements , it remains possible that the most poorly perfused areas escaped detection in some patients .
since the laser doppler recordings represent highly localised measurements , it [stays] possible that the most poorly perfused areas escaped detection in some patients .

It is postulated that cytokines may affect colonic inflammation , but it still remains unclear how they contribute to the exacerbation of the inflammation .
it is postulated that cytokines may affect colonic inflammation , but it still [stays] unclear how they contribute to the exacerbation of the inflammation .

We propose that in the knee-elbow position , mobile bowel loops shift to a dependent position , while the rectum remains uppermost .
we propose that in the knee-elbow position , mobile bowel loops shift to a dependent position , while the rectum [stays] uppermost .

Despite these clearance mechanisms , a small volume of acid remains , reducing oesophageal intraluminal pH and creating an environment for mucosal injury .
despite these clearance mechanisms , a small volume of acid [stays] , reducing oesophageal intraluminal ph and creating an environment for mucosal injury .

Production remains linear over this time suggesting good viability , and all experiments were completed within a two hour incubation period .
production [stays] linear over this time suggesting good viability , and all experiments were completed within a two hour incubation period .

The lower oesophageal sphincter , however , remains in a similar location independent of the oesophageal damage .
the lower oesophageal sphincter , however , [stays] in a similar location independent of the oesophageal damage .

The survival of patients diagnosed in the 1980s was poorer than that of those diagnosed during the 1970s , although it remains comparable with that of the general population .
the survival of patients diagnosed in the 1980s was poorer than that of those diagnosed during the 1970s , although it [stays] comparable with that of the general population .

Despite research contributions for many countries the normal and pathological motor function of the colon remains poorly understood .
despite research contributions for many countries the normal and pathological motor function of the colon [stays] poorly understood .

Why is it that clinical usefulness of colonic pressure measurements remains elusive ?
why is it that clinical usefulness of colonic pressure measurements [stays] elusive ?

Thus research into colonic motor function remains a challenging and potentially rewarding area where progress has been facilitated by recent technological advances .
thus research into colonic motor function [stays] a challenging and potentially rewarding area where progress has been facilitated by recent technological advances .

Nevertheless it remains to be varified whether villus height is relevant to the previous dietary history — that is , nitrogen supply quality — and whether it depends on body weight at the time it is measured .
nevertheless it [stays] to be varified whether villus height is relevant to the previous dietary history — that is , nitrogen supply quality — and whether it depends on body weight at the time it is measured .

The possible therapeutic effect of a specific receptor antagonist in inflammatory bowel disease remains to be evaluated .
the possible therapeutic effect of a specific receptor antagonist in inflammatory bowel disease [stays] to be evaluated .

By exposing mucosal homogenates to pH 8.0 pepsinogen remains stable but inactive and will regain full activity when reexposed to pH 2.0 , the pH conventionally used in pepsin assays in vitro .
by exposing mucosal homogenates to ph 8.0 pepsinogen [stays] stable but inactive and will regain full activity when reexposed to ph 2.0 , the ph conventionally used in pepsin assays in vitro .

Three remains a group of patients , however , who are either unsuitable for general anaesthaeisia because of medical contraindications or who wish to conserve their gall bladders .
three [stays] a group of patients , however , who are either unsuitable for general anaesthaeisia because of medical contraindications or who wish to conserve their gall bladders .

Although the aetiology of inflammatory bowel disease remains unknown , its pathogenesis is gradually being unravelled .
although the aetiology of inflammatory bowel disease [stays] unknown , its pathogenesis is gradually being unravelled .

The cellular mechanism of action of ethanol , however , remains to be fully elucidated .
the cellular mechanism of action of ethanol , however , [stays] to be fully elucidated .

The nature of any factors within the colonic lumen that may be responsible for either the initiation or continuation of inflammation remains unknown but recent attention has focused on the possible role of flora associated with the mucosa .
the nature of any factors within the colonic lumen that may be responsible for either the initiation or continuation of inflammation [stays] unknown but recent attention has focused on the possible role of flora associated with the mucosa .

One patient had identified milk as causing symptoms but his lactose tolerance test was positive and he remains well on a lactose free diet .
one patient had identified milk as causing symptoms but his lactose tolerance test was positive and he [stays] well on a lactose free diet .

Four small adenomas were missed radiologically but the importance of such lesions remains debatable and they are unlikely to contribute to substantial blood loss .
four small adenomas were missed radiologically but the importance of such lesions [stays] debatable and they are unlikely to contribute to substantial blood loss .

Despite efforts at early diagnosis and advances in surgery , radiation therapy , and chemotherapy , the prognosis of squamous cell carcinoma of the oesophagus remains poor .
despite efforts at early diagnosis and advances in surgery , radiation therapy , and chemotherapy , the prognosis of squamous cell carcinoma of the oesophagus [stays] poor .

Squamous cell carcinoma of the oesophagus remains one of the deadliest malignent neoplasms because patients often present with advanced disease at the time of diagnosis .
squamous cell carcinoma of the oesophagus [stays] one of the deadliest malignent neoplasms because patients often present with advanced disease at the time of diagnosis .

Which genes are involved in the malignant conversion of this unusual subgroup of tumours presently remains a mystery .
which genes are involved in the malignant conversion of this unusual subgroup of tumours presently [stays] a mystery .

The pathogenesis of systemic vasodilation remains largely conjectural .
the pathogenesis of systemic vasodilation [stays] largely conjectural .

The relative contributions of the hepatocytes and cells of the reticuloendothelial cells to the increased rate of liver biopsy protein synthesis remains unknown , and further studies will be required to clarify this .
the relative contributions of the hepatocytes and cells of the reticuloendothelial cells to the increased rate of liver biopsy protein synthesis [stays] unknown , and further studies will be required to clarify this .

The pathogenesis of benign stricture formation in ulcerative colitis remains uncertain .
the pathogenesis of benign stricture formation in ulcerative colitis [stays] uncertain .

The major question , which can not be answered until treatment has been attempted , is whether success would only result in preserving what function remains or whether the epithelial cells could reconstitute and resore function to damaged areas of the lung and gut .
the major question , which can not be answered until treatment has been attempted , is whether success would only result in preserving what function [stays] or whether the epithelial cells could reconstitute and resore function to damaged areas of the lung and gut .

It remains uncertain whether the precursors of different dendritic cells are found among the peripheral blood monocytes or represent a discrete circulating cell type .
it [stays] uncertain whether the precursors of different dendritic cells are found among the peripheral blood monocytes or represent a discrete circulating cell type .

The exact relation between gastro-oesophageal reflux and asthma remains poorly understood .
the exact relation between gastro-oesophageal reflux and asthma [stays] poorly understood .

It remains to be determined whether the presence of hiatal hernia , oesophagitis , or both , is a useful indicator of reflux induced or reflux exacerbated asthma .
it [stays] to be determined whether the presence of hiatal hernia , oesophagitis , or both , is a useful indicator of reflux induced or reflux exacerbated asthma .

The exact toxic component ( s ) of gliadin has not been identified and the pathogenetic mechanism of coeliac disease remains uncertain .
the exact toxic component ( s ) of gliadin has not been identified and the pathogenetic mechanism of coeliac disease [stays] uncertain .

So far , the cellular origin of platelet activating factor from colonic mucosa remains unclear .
so far , the cellular origin of platelet activating factor from colonic mucosa [stays] unclear .

The aetiology remains unknown .
the aetiology [stays] unknown .

Despite full documentation and reference in a review article , no further instances of a familial occurrence of this condition have come to light and this family remains unique .
despite full documentation and reference in a review article , no further instances of a familial occurrence of this condition have come to light and this family [stays] unique .

At recent review two years after the onset of jaundice she remains well with a normal bilirubin concentration and slightly raised liver enzyme activities .
at recent review two years after the onset of jaundice she [stays] well with a normal bilirubin concentration and slightly raised liver enzyme activities .

The aetiology remains unknown , but much circumstantial evidence suggests that immunological mechanisms are involved in the pathogenesis .
the aetiology [stays] unknown , but much circumstantial evidence suggests that immunological mechanisms are involved in the pathogenesis .

This presumably reflects the fact that biliary stasis remains with a nidus of infection already present even after stones are removed .
this presumably reflects the fact that biliary stasis [stays] with a nidus of infection already present even after stones are removed .

Whether the same average onset of gastric ulcer and Dieulafoy 's type of bleeding is merely coincidential or suggests some common pathophysiological cause remains to be answered .
whether the same average onset of gastric ulcer and dieulafoy 's type of bleeding is merely coincidential or suggests some common pathophysiological cause [stays] to be answered .

On the basis of our experience and the conflicting findings reported we feel a ‘ typical patient ’ syndrome for Dieulafoy 's disease remains speculative .
on the basis of our experience and the conflicting findings reported we feel a ‘ typical patient ’ syndrome for dieulafoy 's disease [stays] speculative .

Also , surgical morbidity related to biliary drainage remains high in these alcoholic and often debilitated patients .
also , surgical morbidity related to biliary drainage [stays] high in these alcoholic and often debilitated patients .

The potential for malignant transformation at the site of implantation as a result of chronic irritation from the metal remains a theoretical problem worthy of consideration .
the potential for malignant transformation at the site of implantation as a result of chronic irritation from the metal [stays] a theoretical problem worthy of consideration .

The reason why it becomes more pronounced in some patients remains unanswered .
the reason why it becomes more pronounced in some patients [stays] unanswered .

The bloody jacket was sent south as a trophy and the mangled remains turned over to the embalmers .
the bloody jacket was sent south as a trophy and the mangled [stays] turned over to the embalmers .

In Europe , performance in France and Spain remains unsatisfactory , although it is now showing the first signs of improvement .
in europe , performance in france and spain [stays] unsatisfactory , although it is now showing the first signs of improvement .

In Greece , Johnnie Walker Red Label remains the favourite Scotch and Dewar 's enjoys a similar position in the on trade , with a strong following amongst younger and more extrovert consumers in the popular bouzouki music clubs .
in greece , johnnie walker red label [stays] the favourite scotch and dewar 's enjoys a similar position in the on trade , with a strong following amongst younger and more extrovert consumers in the popular bouzouki music clubs .

United Distillers is uniquely positioned to take advantage of these opportunities , and remains confident of its ability to do so .
united distillers is uniquely positioned to take advantage of these opportunities , and [stays] confident of its ability to do so .

The outlook for the Spanish beer market and for the Cruzcampo group in the long term remains positive .
the outlook for the spanish beer market and for the cruzcampo group in the long term [stays] positive .

He remains a member of Henkel 's Shareholders ' Committee and is Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Degussa .
he [stays] a member of henkel 's shareholders ' committee and is chairman of the supervisory board of degussa .

The Board remains committed to the further development of the Group 's core international beverage businesses .
the board [stays] committed to the further development of the group 's core international beverage businesses .

Pictured right : Repair and overhaul of pumps remains an important part of Wood-Way 's activities .
pictured right : repair and overhaul of pumps [stays] an important part of wood-way 's activities .

Much remains to be done .
much [stays] to be done .

This remains unsatisfactory to many applicants .
this [stays] unsatisfactory to many applicants .

The Conference remains our flagship event of the year and generates considerable media coverage .
the conference [stays] our flagship event of the year and generates considerable media coverage .

views with concern the suggestions that there remains racial discrimination and anti-semitism in some areas of the administration of criminal justice ; and
views with concern the suggestions that there [stays] racial discrimination and anti-semitism in some areas of the administration of criminal justice ; and

It nevertheless remains , in our view , singularly apt to describe the state of the legal community worldwide today and at the beginning of 1992 .
it nevertheless [stays] , in our view , singularly apt to describe the state of the legal community worldwide today and at the beginning of 1992 .

Last but by no means least , the Human Rights Sub-Committee under the chairmanship of has done an enormous amount of work on behalf of lawyers in countries where the rule of law remains somewhere over the rainbow .
last but by no means least , the human rights sub-committee under the chairmanship of has done an enormous amount of work on behalf of lawyers in countries where the rule of law [stays] somewhere over the rainbow .

Colin stretched out his hand to touch the smoke blackened remains of a small electric fire .
colin stretched out his hand to touch the smoke blackened [stays] of a small electric fire .

and cared-for of my bodily remains .
and cared-for of my bodily [stays] .

‘ All that remains of Clementis is the cap on Gottwald 's head . ’ — Milan Kundera
‘ all that [stays] of clementis is the cap on gottwald 's head . ’ — milan kundera

However , given the practical difficulties of identifying the risk free asset and identifying the market portfolio with the existence of brokerage and taxation , security selection and portfolio construction remains important .
however , given the practical difficulties of identifying the risk free asset and identifying the market portfolio with the existence of brokerage and taxation , security selection and portfolio construction [stays] important .

Despite the above , it still remains valid that the importance of the covariances between the returns of securities is the mot effective method of reducing risk where the number of shares in a portfolio is necessarily limited .
despite the above , it still [stays] valid that the importance of the covariances between the returns of securities is the mot effective method of reducing risk where the number of shares in a portfolio is necessarily limited .

This avoids any confusion when the buyer sells the option to another investor as the obligation remains with the writer .
this avoids any confusion when the buyer sells the option to another investor as the obligation [stays] with the writer .

The fact remains that dividends exist and have existed since shares were first sold to the investing public .
the fact [stays] that dividends exist and have existed since shares were first sold to the investing public .

And all the time , she thought as she sat at her desk nursing the remains of her hangover , Angy had been dead in her little one-room flat , alone and open-eyed , lying where she had fallen with the knife in her throat and her lifeblood flooding her lungs .
and all the time , she thought as she sat at her desk nursing the [stays] of her hangover , angy had been dead in her little one-room flat , alone and open-eyed , lying where she had fallen with the knife in her throat and her lifeblood flooding her lungs .

Mugs containing the congealed remains of tea and coffee stood in the sink , on the draining-board was an ashtray filled with cigarette butts and the smell of stale tobacco smoke hung in the air .
mugs containing the congealed [stays] of tea and coffee stood in the sink , on the draining-board was an ashtray filled with cigarette butts and the smell of stale tobacco smoke hung in the air .

On the window-sill , wearing like everything else its grey veil of powder , a white china vase held the remains of half a dozen tulips .
on the window-sill , wearing like everything else its grey veil of powder , a white china vase held the [stays] of half a dozen tulips .

She stared down at the floor and the remains of what had been a human being .
she stared down at the floor and the [stays] of what had been a human being .

While the responsibility for doing so remains with the project leader , the accountant should be accepted as a part time member of the project team and encouraged to contribute ideas .
while the responsibility for doing so [stays] with the project leader , the accountant should be accepted as a part time member of the project team and encouraged to contribute ideas .

The accounts department is responsible for ensuring that top management is aware of the financial state of the company and for advising it on appropriate actions to ensure that it remains sound .
the accounts department is responsible for ensuring that top management is aware of the financial state of the company and for advising it on appropriate actions to ensure that it [stays] sound .

Having ranked the proposals in order of compatibility with company objectives it remains to establish the order of priority in terms of return on investment .
having ranked the proposals in order of compatibility with company objectives it [stays] to establish the order of priority in terms of return on investment .

The distribution remains normal but the standard deviation decreases as the square root of n , the sample size .
the distribution [stays] normal but the standard deviation decreases as the square root of n , the sample size .

Since the amount of information to be conveyed remains much the same this means that the signal-to-noise ratio will be worse .
since the amount of information to be conveyed [stays] much the same this means that the signal-to-noise ratio will be worse .

What is not so widely appreciated is that even after problems of vocabulary and fluency are overcome a more fundamental differentiation remains .
what is not so widely appreciated is that even after problems of vocabulary and fluency are overcome a more fundamental differentiation [stays] .

In a memorable set of class assumptions , the Labour leaflet looks at how many people go to opera , jazz and West End theatres , while in the message to Tories only opera remains .
in a memorable set of class assumptions , the labour leaflet looks at how many people go to opera , jazz and west end theatres , while in the message to tories only opera [stays] .

On Sunday , Yusupov claimed a time-out ( each player is allowed one such postponement ) , so the score remains at Karpov 2½ Yusupov 1½ .
on sunday , yusupov claimed a time-out ( each player is allowed one such postponement ) , so the score [stays] at karpov 2½ yusupov 1½ .

Ministers will insist that , despite the image management , the party remains dominated by the left .
ministers will insist that , despite the image management , the party [stays] dominated by the left .

Over the past two years , archaeologists have excavated the remains of a medieval village — including its corn and cloth mills — as well as four farm sites , and three buildings constructed of cob .
over the past two years , archaeologists have excavated the [stays] of a medieval village — including its corn and cloth mills — as well as four farm sites , and three buildings constructed of cob .

Miss Ward 's charred and severed remains were found in a remote part of the game park last September six miles from her abandoned Suzuki vehicle .
miss ward 's charred and severed [stays] were found in a remote part of the game park last september six miles from her abandoned suzuki vehicle .

Viewpoint : Union law policy remains unclear
viewpoint : union law policy [stays] unclear

Seven years on , much of this character survives in Mike Ashman 's revival : it remains one of the least pantomimic of Brides ( though the circus , with brilliant tightrope dancing by Brenda Larenty , is a startling exception ) .
seven years on , much of this character survives in mike ashman 's revival : it [stays] one of the least pantomimic of brides ( though the circus , with brilliant tightrope dancing by brenda larenty , is a startling exception ) .

The work he did for his Doctorat de l'Universite , awarded with the citation ‘ bien ’ in 1965 , formed the basis for his first book , The Law Governing Employment in International Organisations ( 1967 ) , which remains a source much used by courts and tribunals including the Hague International Court of Justice .
the work he did for his doctorat de l'universite , awarded with the citation ‘ bien ’ in 1965 , formed the basis for his first book , the law governing employment in international organisations ( 1967 ) , which [stays] a source much used by courts and tribunals including the hague international court of justice .

Further along the coast is the most amazing sight of all , the Aiguilles ( needles ) de Port-Coton : a chain of huge , spiky dark rocks that emerge from the sea like the petrified remains of some prehistoric monster .
further along the coast is the most amazing sight of all , the aiguilles ( needles ) de port-coton : a chain of huge , spiky dark rocks that emerge from the sea like the petrified [stays] of some prehistoric monster .

It remains true that Switzerland is not a place for ‘ convenience ’ skiing in the way that France is .
it [stays] true that switzerland is not a place for ‘ convenience ’ skiing in the way that france is .

Optimism remains relatively higher in the North than in the southern part of the country .
optimism [stays] relatively higher in the north than in the southern part of the country .

Meanwhile , demand for Unit 's pallets continues to be strong , although it remains to be seen what impact the slowdown in the economy will have on its prospects .
meanwhile , demand for unit 's pallets continues to be strong , although it [stays] to be seen what impact the slowdown in the economy will have on its prospects .

On this analysis , the economy remains fundamentally sound .
on this analysis , the economy [stays] fundamentally sound .

After all the boasts of supply-side miracles under one slogan or another from 1951 to 1989 , the British economy remains sick .
after all the boasts of supply-side miracles under one slogan or another from 1951 to 1989 , the british economy [stays] sick .

Whether Mr Lawson will accept remains to be seen .
whether mr lawson will accept [stays] to be seen .

Judo : White remains the stylist in a world of brute force : Philip Nicksan meets a fighter on the mat after throwing his weight around on behalf of the British judo team
judo : white [stays] the stylist in a world of brute force : philip nicksan meets a fighter on the mat after throwing his weight around on behalf of the british judo team

White was a stylist then , and remains so .
white was a stylist then , and [stays] so .

The Liverpool connection remains hard to break .
the liverpool connection [stays] hard to break .

Mr Papandreou 's Pasok , embittered and demoralised , remains unable to evolve from unreconstructed popularism and anti-right rhetoric .
mr papandreou 's pasok , embittered and demoralised , [stays] unable to evolve from unreconstructed popularism and anti-right rhetoric .

They may have lost their feudal rights and their privy purses , but in many of these formerly-gilded princedoms there remains a powerful bond between ex-rulers and ex-ruled .
they may have lost their feudal rights and their privy purses , but in many of these formerly-gilded princedoms there [stays] a powerful bond between ex-rulers and ex-ruled .

Mr Kishen prudently praised his royal rival , but he felt her appeal would be limited to Deeg and other rural areas where admiration for the ex-ruling family remains strong .
mr kishen prudently praised his royal rival , but he felt her appeal would be limited to deeg and other rural areas where admiration for the ex-ruling family [stays] strong .

‘ It remains just to sign it .
‘ it [stays] just to sign it .

The charred and severed remains of Miss Ward , 28 , were found a year ago in the Masai Mara game reserve in Kenya , in an out-of-the-way spot , six miles from her abandoned vehicle .
the charred and severed [stays] of miss ward , 28 , were found a year ago in the masai mara game reserve in kenya , in an out-of-the-way spot , six miles from her abandoned vehicle .

’ He questioned the evidence given by Professor Austin Gresham , a Home Office pathologist and Professor of Morbid Anatomy at Cambridge University , who conducted a second post-mortem examination on Miss Ward 's remains after they had been flown to Britain by her father , John Ward .
’ he questioned the evidence given by professor austin gresham , a home office pathologist and professor of morbid anatomy at cambridge university , who conducted a second post-mortem examination on miss ward 's [stays] after they had been flown to britain by her father , john ward .

‘ Then the remains arrived next day and the sister Mary , who is 89 and on a walking aid , objected to her grave being dug and being used by Katherine at that stage .
‘ then the [stays] arrived next day and the sister mary , who is 89 and on a walking aid , objected to her grave being dug and being used by katherine at that stage .

The fact remains , however , that the poet probably has more friends now , 20 years after his death , than when he lived in poverty in Dublin and London during the forties and fifties .
the fact [stays] , however , that the poet probably has more friends now , 20 years after his death , than when he lived in poverty in dublin and london during the forties and fifties .

Whether the ( East German Communist ) leadership will draw the consequences remains to be seen .
whether the ( east german communist ) leadership will draw the consequences [stays] to be seen .

But this remains a deeply spiritual place , in the crisp , sober Lutheran mode .
but this [stays] a deeply spiritual place , in the crisp , sober lutheran mode .

There remains the question of how we should view a bacterial species — for example , the Escherichia coli popular with geneticists .
there [stays] the question of how we should view a bacterial species — for example , the escherichia coli popular with geneticists .

The origin of the sexual process remains one of the most difficult problems in biology .
the origin of the sexual process [stays] one of the most difficult problems in biology .

Although the most recent writings on Mary have taken us away from the image of pantomime villainess or fairy queen , created in the sixteenth century and revived with such enthusiasm in the eighteenth and thereafter , and provided us instead with a human being of more believable proportions , nevertheless Mary still remains an infinitely more shadowy figure as queen of Scotland than her Stewart predecessors and successors .
although the most recent writings on mary have taken us away from the image of pantomime villainess or fairy queen , created in the sixteenth century and revived with such enthusiasm in the eighteenth and thereafter , and provided us instead with a human being of more believable proportions , nevertheless mary still [stays] an infinitely more shadowy figure as queen of scotland than her stewart predecessors and successors .

Why he was dragged out in 1558 and transformed from an obscure apostate into one of the very few great martyrs of the Scottish Reformation , remains a mystery .
why he was dragged out in 1558 and transformed from an obscure apostate into one of the very few great martyrs of the scottish reformation , [stays] a mystery .

Kings and royal houses may disappear , but the crown remains ; it incarnates National Power ; it is the legal source and bearer of all rights , while the temporal wearer shall be its executive .
kings and royal houses may disappear , but the crown [stays] ; it incarnates national power ; it is the legal source and bearer of all rights , while the temporal wearer shall be its executive .

She knew nothing of the dawn of civilisation , but could all too clearly remember Daniel finding ichthyosaurus remains and telling her how they had swum the seas when dinosaurs roamed the land .
she knew nothing of the dawn of civilisation , but could all too clearly remember daniel finding ichthyosaurus [stays] and telling her how they had swum the seas when dinosaurs roamed the land .

And over the remains the descendants of the crows , the jackdaws and the rooks that had attended Marie 's demise , and later her burial , swooped silently .
and over the [stays] the descendants of the crows , the jackdaws and the rooks that had attended marie 's demise , and later her burial , swooped silently .

The fact remains , however , that there was a certain defensive quality in many Nonconformist discussions on their new buildings ; the Editor of the Baptist Times insisted in 1902 that ‘ today , under changed conditions , we are false to no principle and to no tradition in making our Sanctuaries beautiful as well as useful ’ .
the fact [stays] , however , that there was a certain defensive quality in many nonconformist discussions on their new buildings ; the editor of the baptist times insisted in 1902 that ‘ today , under changed conditions , we are false to no principle and to no tradition in making our sanctuaries beautiful as well as useful ’ .

’ He held it up to show me and the jar slipped out of his hand , rolling the remains of its contents onto the earth .
’ he held it up to show me and the jar slipped out of his hand , rolling the [stays] of its contents onto the earth .

Similarly , no matter how it is turned about , a right handed helix remains a right handed helix .
similarly , no matter how it is turned about , a right handed helix [stays] a right handed helix .

Overlapping remains a major tool of the designer as a means of establishing hierarchy .
overlapping [stays] a major tool of the designer as a means of establishing hierarchy .

It can be changed only from one form to another , one location to another , while its total remains a constant .
it can be changed only from one form to another , one location to another , while its total [stays] a constant .

The sceptic might argue that the modern Roman Catholic Church in civilized societies no longer acts in this way but the convinced anti-Catholic can turn Rome 's own claims to be unchanging back on the Catholic Church and insist that the basic aim remains the same .
the sceptic might argue that the modern roman catholic church in civilized societies no longer acts in this way but the convinced anti-catholic can turn rome 's own claims to be unchanging back on the catholic church and insist that the basic aim [stays] the same .

However , the fact remains that happiness is the dominant need .
however , the fact [stays] that happiness is the dominant need .

Then , when the brand is hot and the brander comes up to the horse and touches it momentarily on the shoulder ( previously clipped ) , the horse will be surprised , but will probably not even move a step , providing the handler remains relaxed and reassuring .
then , when the brand is hot and the brander comes up to the horse and touches it momentarily on the shoulder ( previously clipped ) , the horse will be surprised , but will probably not even move a step , providing the handler [stays] relaxed and reassuring .

The modern horse in captivity can not do this : he remains anxious .
the modern horse in captivity can not do this : he [stays] anxious .

If the horse is not provoked into bucking or rearing , it is likely to give up such a habit if the rider remains calm and does n't fall off .
if the horse is not provoked into bucking or rearing , it is likely to give up such a habit if the rider [stays] calm and does n't fall off .

To this day Devon Loch 's collapse remains one of the Turfs greatest unsolved mysteries .
to this day devon loch 's collapse [stays] one of the turfs greatest unsolved mysteries .

Clearly with greater parity between the sexes the rather traditional view painted here of women afraid to go out and men afraid to go home may be less typical , but the main point remains .
clearly with greater parity between the sexes the rather traditional view painted here of women afraid to go out and men afraid to go home may be less typical , but the main point [stays] .

It remains for us to ask how the popular Hitler image we have examined contributed towards the growing strength of the regime and towards making possible this war , which , from what we have seen , most Germans — though prepared to fight if necessary — had been only too anxious to avoid .
it [stays] for us to ask how the popular hitler image we have examined contributed towards the growing strength of the regime and towards making possible this war , which , from what we have seen , most germans — though prepared to fight if necessary — had been only too anxious to avoid .

It would have been expecting too much to imagine that the once-mighty ‘ Hitler myth ’ might disappear overnight in 1945 , disintegrating along with the mortal remains of the Führer himself and being scattered with the ashes of the Third Reich .
it would have been expecting too much to imagine that the once-mighty ‘ hitler myth ’ might disappear overnight in 1945 , disintegrating along with the mortal [stays] of the führer himself and being scattered with the ashes of the third reich .

Only one second-century sect — the Mandeans of Iraq — remains alive today .
only one second-century sect — the mandeans of iraq — [stays] alive today .

Inhibitions about moving bodily remains survived , sometimes for centuries , especially in Rome itself .
inhibitions about moving bodily [stays] survived , sometimes for centuries , especially in rome itself .

In a society which drew no sharp line between the natural and the supernatural , a very real presence of the saints in heaven was felt to be where their bodily remains rested .
in a society which drew no sharp line between the natural and the supernatural , a very real presence of the saints in heaven was felt to be where their bodily [stays] rested .

To my left , steps led up to a hummocky cliff edge , on which reposed the fragmented remains of a Franciscan friary .
to my left , steps led up to a hummocky cliff edge , on which reposed the fragmented [stays] of a franciscan friary .

Nonetheless it remains true that the most common explanation of large numbers of unrecovered hoards is warfare , though in some instances it is believed that economic factors also played a part ; in the latter cases a currency or political reform is thought to have rendered the coins worthless and hence the owners would not have bothered to recover them .
nonetheless it [stays] true that the most common explanation of large numbers of unrecovered hoards is warfare , though in some instances it is believed that economic factors also played a part ; in the latter cases a currency or political reform is thought to have rendered the coins worthless and hence the owners would not have bothered to recover them .

The British royal family remains the one truly regal family in Europe .
the british royal family [stays] the one truly regal family in europe .

The Council 's thirteenth-century oath , ‘ You will in all things to be moved , treated and debated in Council , faithfully declare your Mind and Opinion , according to your Heart and Conscience ; and will keep secret all Matters committed and revealed unto you , ’ lies at the heart of the British culture of official secrecy , and the enigma of monarchy remains the secret from which all other secrets flow .
the council 's thirteenth-century oath , ‘ you will in all things to be moved , treated and debated in council , faithfully declare your mind and opinion , according to your heart and conscience ; and will keep secret all matters committed and revealed unto you , ’ lies at the heart of the british culture of official secrecy , and the enigma of monarchy [stays] the secret from which all other secrets flow .

Bagehot 's magic depends upon the fact that the common man or woman remains just that ; he or she can not , except by the most exceptional marriage , become part of the royal family .
bagehot 's magic depends upon the fact that the common man or woman [stays] just that ; he or she can not , except by the most exceptional marriage , become part of the royal family .

Lord Ferrers and his like continue to provide the Conservatives with a steady supply of workhorses because , whatever its move away from traditional Toryism in the eighties , the party remains the only natural home of the aristocracy .
lord ferrers and his like continue to provide the conservatives with a steady supply of workhorses because , whatever its move away from traditional toryism in the eighties , the party [stays] the only natural home of the aristocracy .

The debate on commercial television remains one of the clearest examples of the Establishment in action in defence of one of its dearest illusions , namely , that it knows best what is good for other people .
the debate on commercial television [stays] one of the clearest examples of the establishment in action in defence of one of its dearest illusions , namely , that it knows best what is good for other people .

But the general point remains that most people were subject to authority for a large part of their lives , even in the golden age when the Zuwaya had no sovereign power .
but the general point [stays] that most people were subject to authority for a large part of their lives , even in the golden age when the zuwaya had no sovereign power .

That is expected , but it remains an argument of probability , and opportunities to check other items of knowledge are very few .
that is expected , but it [stays] an argument of probability , and opportunities to check other items of knowledge are very few .

Tammuz watched helplessly as Quincx sadly sifted through the remains .
tammuz watched helplessly as quincx sadly sifted through the [stays] .

On our first night in France , exhausted after a ferry crossing , we just happened to fetch up in this little village on the Loire , in a hotel on the second floor of a hotel where , indeed , we opened the shutters — and we were looking at the west end of the Romanesque Abbey of St Benoit sur Loire , which is a most striking church where the remains of the saint are interred in a little casket in the crypt .
on our first night in france , exhausted after a ferry crossing , we just happened to fetch up in this little village on the loire , in a hotel on the second floor of a hotel where , indeed , we opened the shutters — and we were looking at the west end of the romanesque abbey of st benoit sur loire , which is a most striking church where the [stays] of the saint are interred in a little casket in the crypt .

Iain Crichton Smith 's An Honourable Death ( Macmillan , £13.99 ) remains firmly rooted in fact , tracing the career of a real and profoundly troubled figure , Hector Macdonald , a crofter 's son who joins the army on impulse at 17 and rose brilliantly through the ranks to become Major-General Sir Hector Macdonald , the real hero of Omdurman , before homosexual scandal ended his career and his life .
iain crichton smith 's an honourable death ( macmillan , £13.99 ) [stays] firmly rooted in fact , tracing the career of a real and profoundly troubled figure , hector macdonald , a crofter 's son who joins the army on impulse at 17 and rose brilliantly through the ranks to become major-general sir hector macdonald , the real hero of omdurman , before homosexual scandal ended his career and his life .

Musgrave 's Gallery One , two tiny sackclothed wall rooms in Soho , remains Kasmin 's romantic ideal .
musgrave 's gallery one , two tiny sackclothed wall rooms in soho , [stays] kasmin 's romantic ideal .

If this was true for Stendhal at the beginning of the 19th century , it remains so for increasing numbers of us at the end of the 20th .
if this was true for stendhal at the beginning of the 19th century , it [stays] so for increasing numbers of us at the end of the 20th .

The film is bogged down in exposition for the first hour , remains plodding , and shifts uncertainly between protagonists .
the film is bogged down in exposition for the first hour , [stays] plodding , and shifts uncertainly between protagonists .

The compromise , if it remains intact , represents a successful counter-attack by Mr Gaidar and his young team and indicates the extent of Mr Yeltsin 's authority .
the compromise , if it [stays] intact , represents a successful counter-attack by mr gaidar and his young team and indicates the extent of mr yeltsin 's authority .

But security around the Governor remains much tighter than in any of the other Caribbean dependencies .
but security around the governor [stays] much tighter than in any of the other caribbean dependencies .

The Swiss building is capped by a 104ft paper tower shaped like a castle of playing cards , and inside , an unfinished banquet with plates bearing the remains of real food has been frozen in varnish .
the swiss building is capped by a 104ft paper tower shaped like a castle of playing cards , and inside , an unfinished banquet with plates bearing the [stays] of real food has been frozen in varnish .

Despite a slight rise in his approval rating during the campaign , he remains a liability .
despite a slight rise in his approval rating during the campaign , he [stays] a liability .

The English , Irish , Scots and Welsh have always been like a family which , despite differences and disagreements , remains loyal .
the english , irish , scots and welsh have always been like a family which , despite differences and disagreements , [stays] loyal .

Interest rates will stay high , and while the pound remains in thrall to the mark , there is no scope for more than a token cut .
interest rates will stay high , and while the pound [stays] in thrall to the mark , there is no scope for more than a token cut .

While political consistency can be over-rated as a virtue — Ted Heath being an example of what happens to a politician whose mind remains fixed while the world moves by him — the rapidity with which Kinnock changed position may have damaged him more than his supporters thought it would .
while political consistency can be over-rated as a virtue — ted heath being an example of what happens to a politician whose mind [stays] fixed while the world moves by him — the rapidity with which kinnock changed position may have damaged him more than his supporters thought it would .

Hongkong & Shanghai chairman and chief executive William Purves will become City of London-based , but insisted yesterday his bank remains committed to Hong Kong .
hongkong & shanghai chairman and chief executive william purves will become city of london-based , but insisted yesterday his bank [stays] committed to hong kong .

The standard rate of income tax in the two-tier system stays at 15 p.c. and the top rate , which also applies to companies , remains at 20 p.c .
the standard rate of income tax in the two-tier system stays at 15 p.c. and the top rate , which also applies to companies , [stays] at 20 p.c .

The remains of thousands of servicemen , along with at least 60 warships and 250 aircraft , lie in water between 30ft and 160ft deep .
the [stays] of thousands of servicemen , along with at least 60 warships and 250 aircraft , lie in water between 30ft and 160ft deep .

Andrew Telford , owner of Regal Diving , said : ‘ Perhaps we could have a compromise and dive only where there are no human remains .
andrew telford , owner of regal diving , said : ‘ perhaps we could have a compromise and dive only where there are no human [stays] .

For it remains a curious anomaly that although the marathon has been the classic test of long distance endurance throughout nearly a century of Olympic history , the fastest timings have never enjoyed the status of world records .
for it [stays] a curious anomaly that although the marathon has been the classic test of long distance endurance throughout nearly a century of olympic history , the fastest timings have never enjoyed the status of world records .

Even though there are excellent books and many stores which import ingredients direct , it remains a daunting task to prepare much of the Thai repertoire in domestic kitchens .
even though there are excellent books and many stores which import ingredients direct , it [stays] a daunting task to prepare much of the thai repertoire in domestic kitchens .

The track along Rhossili Down 's ridge top was rough and rocky , with a wild west sort of feel to it as a few hardy-looking cattle wandered about at will on the humped and pitted pastures to the right , which my map indicated are the remains of neolithic burial chambers .
the track along rhossili down 's ridge top was rough and rocky , with a wild west sort of feel to it as a few hardy-looking cattle wandered about at will on the humped and pitted pastures to the right , which my map indicated are the [stays] of neolithic burial chambers .

The eldest , Nick , then in his mid-twenties , joined the company at that stage , and remains in charge of the day-to-day operations .
the eldest , nick , then in his mid-twenties , joined the company at that stage , and [stays] in charge of the day-to-day operations .

‘ Confrontation remains , ’ said Mr Viktor Sheinis .
‘ confrontation [stays] , ’ said mr viktor sheinis .

To this day , public fascination with the disaster remains so strong that a flourishinhg market has developed for Titanic memorabilia .
to this day , public fascination with the disaster [stays] so strong that a flourishinhg market has developed for titanic memorabilia .

His satire remains as belligerently unappealing as ever .
his satire [stays] as belligerently unappealing as ever .

The main problem with both petrol and diesel exhausts is the remains of unburnt fuel droplets which were not completely used up in the combustion process.Even after 100 years of internal combustion , the perfect engine has yet to be built .
the main problem with both petrol and diesel exhausts is the [stays] of unburnt fuel droplets which were not completely used up in the combustion process.even after 100 years of internal combustion , the perfect engine has yet to be built .

While other European Community countries are increasingly aware of the vulnerability of land , however , Britain 's pioneering national field-by-field soil survey remains incomplete , 53 years after it began .
while other european community countries are increasingly aware of the vulnerability of land , however , britain 's pioneering national field-by-field soil survey [stays] incomplete , 53 years after it began .

Conner , however , remains unbowed .
conner , however , [stays] unbowed .

The fight against relegation from League Two remains close and Bedford 's win seems to have postponed the day of reckoning until their game at Morley on April 25 .
the fight against relegation from league two [stays] close and bedford 's win seems to have postponed the day of reckoning until their game at morley on april 25 .

Edwards 's pursuit of a peculiar form of fame remains a debating point in the medical community .
edwards 's pursuit of a peculiar form of fame [stays] a debating point in the medical community .

It takes a degree of skill to ensure a hat remains in place at airports and the launch of ships .
it takes a degree of skill to ensure a hat [stays] in place at airports and the launch of ships .

It remains a well liked and successful building of its era .
it [stays] a well liked and successful building of its era .

He had obviously assessed the resulting positions before the match and it remains a mystery why Short played such a dubious line .
he had obviously assessed the resulting positions before the match and it [stays] a mystery why short played such a dubious line .

The cold-bloodedness of the quirkily named and unforgettable Pinkie remains chilling , and the ending is both climactic and everlastingly poignant : this one is a work of art .
the cold-bloodedness of the quirkily named and unforgettable pinkie [stays] chilling , and the ending is both climactic and everlastingly poignant : this one is a work of art .

This offer is open only to readers living in Great Britain , including Northern Ireland , and remains open until July 14 , 1991 .
this offer is open only to readers living in great britain , including northern ireland , and [stays] open until july 14 , 1991 .

Their exclusive claim to punish clergymen for ordinary offences has long since disappeared ; the power to try and punish laymen for immorality has become practically obsolete ; their jurisdiction over the matters of ritual , and ecclesiastical offences of clergymen , such as heresy , still remains and is still exercised by them .
their exclusive claim to punish clergymen for ordinary offences has long since disappeared ; the power to try and punish laymen for immorality has become practically obsolete ; their jurisdiction over the matters of ritual , and ecclesiastical offences of clergymen , such as heresy , still [stays] and is still exercised by them .

Except that trusts of land must be created by writing , a trust may be created by any sufficient expression of intention to create it , whether the legal ownership is transferred to another to hold as trustee or remains with the creator of the trust , who in that case will himself be the trustee .
except that trusts of land must be created by writing , a trust may be created by any sufficient expression of intention to create it , whether the legal ownership is transferred to another to hold as trustee or [stays] with the creator of the trust , who in that case will himself be the trustee .

But the scatomanic orgy of Locust Abortion Technician remains a work of real accomplishment .
but the scatomanic orgy of locust abortion technician [stays] a work of real accomplishment .

The structure of a dolphin flipper resembles the bone structure of an arm and hand with lingers , and a dolphin still has pelvic bones and remains of hipbones that once held limbs .
the structure of a dolphin flipper resembles the bone structure of an arm and hand with lingers , and a dolphin still has pelvic bones and [stays] of hipbones that once held limbs .

The real significance of these comparisons remains unknown , as do the real workings of the dolphin mind , but it seems that dolphins and porpoises achieved their modern enlarged brains about 15–20 million years ago , whereas the evolution of the human brain is a phenomenon of the past few million years at the most .
the real significance of these comparisons [stays] unknown , as do the real workings of the dolphin mind , but it seems that dolphins and porpoises achieved their modern enlarged brains about 15–20 million years ago , whereas the evolution of the human brain is a phenomenon of the past few million years at the most .

Even here , their future remains in the balance .
even here , their future [stays] in the balance .

The trials came to an abrupt end when local fisheries officers found the frozen remains of common dolphins and pilot whales on board the fishing boats .
the trials came to an abrupt end when local fisheries officers found the frozen [stays] of common dolphins and pilot whales on board the fishing boats .

Japanese drift-net vessels , frequent visitors to New Zealand ports during the previous year , now found themselves subjected to lengthy searches by fisheries officers hunting for dolphin and whale remains .
japanese drift-net vessels , frequent visitors to new zealand ports during the previous year , now found themselves subjected to lengthy searches by fisheries officers hunting for dolphin and whale [stays] .

Although it would be wrong to try to read too much into such a light-hearted production , Udo 's reliance on Goethe as his travel guide ( ‘ 200 years old and still topical ’ ) is surely a statement that , while political systems may come and go , German literature remains .
although it would be wrong to try to read too much into such a light-hearted production , udo 's reliance on goethe as his travel guide ( ‘ 200 years old and still topical ’ ) is surely a statement that , while political systems may come and go , german literature [stays] .

Rat remains his dapper , timeless self .
rat [stays] his dapper , timeless self .

It remains a race worth winning .
it [stays] a race worth winning .

But how the ordering is to be done remains an open question .
but how the ordering is to be done [stays] an open question .

President Richard von Weizsäcker , often able to set the tone , has been unusually reticent since the storm he created last year by urging that the government should move from Bonn to Berlin ( an issue that remains undecided ) .
president richard von weizsäcker , often able to set the tone , has been unusually reticent since the storm he created last year by urging that the government should move from bonn to berlin ( an issue that [stays] undecided ) .

Despite these disappointments , it remains true that the stronger a country 's trade links with Germany , the better its economy is holding up .
despite these disappointments , it [stays] true that the stronger a country 's trade links with germany , the better its economy is holding up .

That remains the best reason for believing that continental Europe will remain a region of growth in a faltering world economy .
that [stays] the best reason for believing that continental europe will remain a region of growth in a faltering world economy .

Curiously , though , it remains more common to protect working women than working men against threats to reproductive health .
curiously , though , it [stays] more common to protect working women than working men against threats to reproductive health .

To those Soviet generals determined to cling to the notion that the West remains a threat to Soviet security , the Gulf war represents another defeat for Soviet interests , whatever now happens to Iraq .
to those soviet generals determined to cling to the notion that the west [stays] a threat to soviet security , the gulf war represents another defeat for soviet interests , whatever now happens to iraq .

Sceptics may be willing to concede on bees and lighthouses — and on many other examples hitherto thought to be market failures — but the case of clean air remains awkward .
sceptics may be willing to concede on bees and lighthouses — and on many other examples hitherto thought to be market failures — but the case of clean air [stays] awkward .

It must also be said that a plain boiled ham presented on or off the bone is a delight to the jaded palate and should not be ignored because it remains undistinguished by any special cure .
it must also be said that a plain boiled ham presented on or off the bone is a delight to the jaded palate and should not be ignored because it [stays] undistinguished by any special cure .

Despite his claim that he does not make things into ideas but only ideas into things , the feeling remains , as , in effect , Berkeley concedes , that ‘ all that is real and substantial … is banished out of the world ’ , and that everything has been made into ‘ so many chimeras and illusions on the fancy ’ .
despite his claim that he does not make things into ideas but only ideas into things , the feeling [stays] , as , in effect , berkeley concedes , that ‘ all that is real and substantial … is banished out of the world ’ , and that everything has been made into ‘ so many chimeras and illusions on the fancy ’ .

It remains in the Medlycott family , relations of the Hutchings .
it [stays] in the medlycott family , relations of the hutchings .

The Ley eventually reverted to the Garnstone estate and has long been a farmhouse , which it remains to this day .
the ley eventually reverted to the garnstone estate and has long been a farmhouse , which it [stays] to this day .

There was probably a nunnery here originally , and certainly a manor since the 1300s , for there are the remains of a fish-pond in the garden .
there was probably a nunnery here originally , and certainly a manor since the 1300s , for there are the [stays] of a fish-pond in the garden .

His new house , built of hammer dressed limestone , with Westmorland slates for the roof , abutted on to the remains of the original house which he made into a service wing , and on the south side he made the grand entrance .
his new house , built of hammer dressed limestone , with westmorland slates for the roof , abutted on to the [stays] of the original house which he made into a service wing , and on the south side he made the grand entrance .

It is hardly surprising that no trace of this epitaph remains on a lichen-covered gravestone in the churchyard at Egloshayle .
it is hardly surprising that no trace of this epitaph [stays] on a lichen-covered gravestone in the churchyard at egloshayle .

William Barnes , a distant Stanhope cousin , lived here for a time , but for most of its life it has been a farmhouse , which it remains .
william barnes , a distant stanhope cousin , lived here for a time , but for most of its life it has been a farmhouse , which it [stays] .

The Rectory , stands a little below the church on the site of an earlier house , some of which remains under the long lean-to at the back .
the rectory , stands a little below the church on the site of an earlier house , some of which [stays] under the long lean-to at the back .

The elms down Vicarage Lane which once hid the tiny entrance lodge may have long since gone , and the distant kitchen garden contain only Bermudan style bungalows within its walls , but the high Regency atmosphere still remains .
the elms down vicarage lane which once hid the tiny entrance lodge may have long since gone , and the distant kitchen garden contain only bermudan style bungalows within its walls , but the high regency atmosphere still [stays] .

Greek remains in Paestum , mosques in Istanbul , palaces in Rome and churches in Rouen .
greek [stays] in paestum , mosques in istanbul , palaces in rome and churches in rouen .

Direct action remains the central theme of Greenpeace operations .
direct action [stays] the central theme of greenpeace operations .

The scientists who man the climatological observation posts are less cautious than they used to be now that the general theory of climate change has become common property ; government servants are more confident and outspoken ; and , while scepticism remains , no cabinet minister is likely to denounce the theory and the accompanying evidence as hysterical .
the scientists who man the climatological observation posts are less cautious than they used to be now that the general theory of climate change has become common property ; government servants are more confident and outspoken ; and , while scepticism [stays] , no cabinet minister is likely to denounce the theory and the accompanying evidence as hysterical .

‘ Ecology remains subordinate to the evolution of the economy , ’ commented Aad van den Biggelaar , of the environmental group Nature and Environment .
‘ ecology [stays] subordinate to the evolution of the economy , ’ commented aad van den biggelaar , of the environmental group nature and environment .

What remains puzzling is why the book should have been notorious at all .
what [stays] puzzling is why the book should have been notorious at all .

The most contentious part of the energy agenda remains conservation .
the most contentious part of the energy agenda [stays] conservation .

Inflation remains 5 % a month , a big improvement on a year ago but still worrying .
inflation [stays] 5 % a month , a big improvement on a year ago but still worrying .

The rest of the economy remains in deep trouble , with the government hesitant to introduce painful reform , especially in subsidised state industry .
the rest of the economy [stays] in deep trouble , with the government hesitant to introduce painful reform , especially in subsidised state industry .

The Foreign Office has always been deeply pro-Arab , or ‘ Arabist ’ , and remains so — a matter partly of culture and partly , perhaps , of guilt about the past failures of British policy in the region .
the foreign office has always been deeply pro-arab , or ‘ arabist ’ , and [stays] so — a matter partly of culture and partly , perhaps , of guilt about the past failures of british policy in the region .

But the point remains : Mrs Thatcher was a lot less Arabist than the Foreign Office .
but the point [stays] : mrs thatcher was a lot less arabist than the foreign office .

The airline 's safest route remains a merger or takeover .
the airline 's safest route [stays] a merger or takeover .

Yet Thai business remains as much a family affair as ever .
yet thai business [stays] as much a family affair as ever .

Despite its size , Saha Pathana remains a family concern — each of Mr Thiam 's eight children controls at least one of the listed companies .
despite its size , saha pathana [stays] a family concern — each of mr thiam 's eight children controls at least one of the listed companies .

He remains determined to fend off the Italians .
he [stays] determined to fend off the italians .

With tyre firms around the world laying off thousands of workers , Continental may end up cutting even more workers if it remains independent .
with tyre firms around the world laying off thousands of workers , continental may end up cutting even more workers if it [stays] independent .

Although these missions may be scaled down if the alliance 's Patriot missiles continue to destroy almost every incoming Scud , a fear remains that Iraq might be able to replace the conventional warheads with chemical ones .
although these missions may be scaled down if the alliance 's patriot missiles continue to destroy almost every incoming scud , a fear [stays] that iraq might be able to replace the conventional warheads with chemical ones .

The Bundesbank , by contrast , remains obsessed with inflation ( Germany 's current rate is a ‘ horrific ’ 2.8 % ) .
the bundesbank , by contrast , [stays] obsessed with inflation ( germany 's current rate is a ‘ horrific ’ 2.8 % ) .

Although the dollar remains risky in the short run , most economists reckon that it will rally in the medium term . Why ?
although the dollar [stays] risky in the short run , most economists reckon that it will rally in the medium term . why ?

Her host , Laszlo , an ex-accountant , used to take action directe by tossing down the remains from his dinner plate of fish to the cats waiting beneath the balcony .
her host , laszlo , an ex-accountant , used to take action directe by tossing down the [stays] from his dinner plate of fish to the cats waiting beneath the balcony .

At these times Jane was assailed by self-doubt ; by fears as to whether their relationship would decline — for nothing human remains static .
at these times jane was assailed by self-doubt ; by fears as to whether their relationship would decline — for nothing human [stays] static .

Since then the position has slowly improved but very much the same dilemma still remains .
since then the position has slowly improved but very much the same dilemma still [stays] .

But the point remains : retail ownership is often a move in a worse direction , not a better one .
but the point [stays] : retail ownership is often a move in a worse direction , not a better one .

’ The government remains fearful of a recurrence of the overheating and inflation of late 1988 , which led to an austerity programme still notionally in force .
’ the government [stays] fearful of a recurrence of the overheating and inflation of late 1988 , which led to an austerity programme still notionally in force .

So while Budapest feels like a gold-rush town , Warsaw remains sleepy .
so while budapest feels like a gold-rush town , warsaw [stays] sleepy .

Network South-East , the London commuter system , remains a headache .
network south-east , the london commuter system , [stays] a headache .

But the fact remains that current-account balances are becoming less and less helpful as a guide to economic performance , let alone as a goal for economic policy .
but the fact [stays] that current-account balances are becoming less and less helpful as a guide to economic performance , let alone as a goal for economic policy .

But this remains an erratic market .
but this [stays] an erratic market .

By one path was the remains of a snowman .
by one path was the [stays] of a snowman .

Even then , much mystery remains .
even then , much mystery [stays] .

Whether such brave ideas can thrive in the rough tide of freedom alongside economic want and nationalist fervour remains to be seen .
whether such brave ideas can thrive in the rough tide of freedom alongside economic want and nationalist fervour [stays] to be seen .

But the real point , argued Thomas Boswell of the Washington Post in an article last year , is that sport ‘ has become central to what remains of our American sense of identity ’ .
but the real point , argued thomas boswell of the washington post in an article last year , is that sport ‘ has become central to what [stays] of our american sense of identity ’ .

Publicly Mr Bush remains as determined as ever to force Iraq out of Kuwait , with no concessions .
publicly mr bush [stays] as determined as ever to force iraq out of kuwait , with no concessions .

He remains prepared to use force to do that .
he [stays] prepared to use force to do that .

On December 22nd Croatia 's parliament in Zagreb adopted a new constitution which says that ‘ Croatia remains a part of Yugoslavia until a new agreement among the republics , or until the Croat parliament decides otherwise .
on december 22nd croatia 's parliament in zagreb adopted a new constitution which says that ‘ croatia [stays] a part of yugoslavia until a new agreement among the republics , or until the croat parliament decides otherwise .

But the post-1992 European single market remains as attractive as ever , to Germans east and west .
but the post-1992 european single market [stays] as attractive as ever , to germans east and west .

The local contests showed just how racially polarised Chicago politics remains .
the local contests showed just how racially polarised chicago politics [stays] .

The proud flouting of taboos remains the Ishihara style .
the proud flouting of taboos [stays] the ishihara style .

Americas Watch , a well-informed group based in Washington , says ‘ the military remains a law unto itself ’ .
americas watch , a well-informed group based in washington , says ‘ the military [stays] a law unto itself ’ .

For many small investors the attraction remains small .
for many small investors the attraction [stays] small .

Though Mr Gates remains in charge of technology in this technology-driven company , he is backed up by seven ‘ gurus ’ .
though mr gates [stays] in charge of technology in this technology-driven company , he is backed up by seven ‘ gurus ’ .

So far , Campbell remains independent .
so far , campbell [stays] independent .

Why , if big remains beautiful , have big companies performed so badly during the past two decades , especially in America and Britain ?
why , if big [stays] beautiful , have big companies performed so badly during the past two decades , especially in america and britain ?

But its chairman , Mr Alan Greenspan , and other Fed governors have begun to remind financial markets that inflation , not recession , remains their main problem .
but its chairman , mr alan greenspan , and other fed governors have begun to remind financial markets that inflation , not recession , [stays] their main problem .

Europe remains the big hole to plug in its international strategy .
europe [stays] the big hole to plug in its international strategy .

The columnists on the op-ed pages are more bloody-minded than they used to be , but in its editorials the Times remains the voice of American public policy .
the columnists on the op-ed pages are more bloody-minded than they used to be , but in its editorials the times [stays] the voice of american public policy .

Because language remains a problem , many Vietnamese have become technicians or engineers .
because language [stays] a problem , many vietnamese have become technicians or engineers .

The most pressing of all the problems of family poverty , however , remains the least soluble .
the most pressing of all the problems of family poverty , however , [stays] the least soluble .

The climate , the landscape and what remains of German architecture all set Kaliningrad somewhat apart from the government in Moscow 600 miles to the east .
the climate , the landscape and what [stays] of german architecture all set kaliningrad somewhat apart from the government in moscow 600 miles to the east .

Mr Reuter remains unrepentant , at least in public .
mr reuter [stays] unrepentant , at least in public .

Computer-making essentially remains a manufacturing industry , telecoms a service business .
computer-making essentially [stays] a manufacturing industry , telecoms a service business .

Some Soviet scientists have recently reported leaks in the vast , allegedly airtight , concrete sarcophagus that encases the smouldering remains of the infamous reactor number four .
some soviet scientists have recently reported leaks in the vast , allegedly airtight , concrete sarcophagus that encases the smouldering [stays] of the infamous reactor number four .

The fate of most of the soldiers and volunteers who fought the fire at the plant , exposing themselves to vast doses of radiation , remains a mystery .
the fate of most of the soldiers and volunteers who fought the fire at the plant , exposing themselves to vast doses of radiation , [stays] a mystery .

The issue remains central to the actions of the Ukrainian opposition .
the issue [stays] central to the actions of the ukrainian opposition .

Whether his fainting goats were a new mutation or part of an older breed remains unclear .
whether his fainting goats were a new mutation or part of an older breed [stays] unclear .

But they typically do so in silence and the firm remains in business .
but they typically do so in silence and the firm [stays] in business .

There remains one way in which the cost of equity might be low , albeit for a limited period .
there [stays] one way in which the cost of equity might be low , albeit for a limited period .

The basic motive for continuing with the groups — the cementing of business relationships — remains as strong as ever .
the basic motive for continuing with the groups — the cementing of business relationships — [stays] as strong as ever .

Addressing the effect solves nothing if the cause remains .
addressing the effect solves nothing if the cause [stays] .

Another was for portfolios of firms to be owned not by a pension fund but by a specialist financial or management group : Kohlberg , Kravis , Roberts or Hanson , which buy , break up and set strict financial controls for what remains ; Clayton & Dubilier or Forstmann Little , which exert direct supervision over managers ; Berkshire Hathaway , which is a more remote but patient investor .
another was for portfolios of firms to be owned not by a pension fund but by a specialist financial or management group : kohlberg , kravis , roberts or hanson , which buy , break up and set strict financial controls for what [stays] ; clayton & dubilier or forstmann little , which exert direct supervision over managers ; berkshire hathaway , which is a more remote but patient investor .

That prospect is anyway slight so long as Soviet-American cosiness continues and Iraq 's war machine remains broken .
that prospect is anyway slight so long as soviet-american cosiness continues and iraq 's war machine [stays] broken .

The potential customers are hungry Phoenix developers and construction workers heading for the battered remains of Kuwait city .
the potential customers are hungry phoenix developers and construction workers heading for the battered [stays] of kuwait city .

Now that the bad times are back again , people inside and outside the industry are wondering why , after all the pain of the 1980s , it remains so weak .
now that the bad times are back again , people inside and outside the industry are wondering why , after all the pain of the 1980s , it [stays] so weak .

The big oddity is why pay remains low for skills that an industry needs but can not find .
the big oddity is why pay [stays] low for skills that an industry needs but can not find .

By any standards , being a big Hollywood studio ought to be a remarkably good business . But it remains an industry to work in , rather than invest in
by any standards , being a big hollywood studio ought to be a remarkably good business . but it [stays] an industry to work in , rather than invest in

Yet Tinseltown remains the undisputed home of an industry whose revenues are growing ( in real terms ) at around 7 % a year .
yet tinseltown [stays] the undisputed home of an industry whose revenues are growing ( in real terms ) at around 7 % a year .

Whether such modest dieting is enough remains to be seen .
whether such modest dieting is enough [stays] to be seen .

How much Crédit Lyonnais is owed by Pathe remains a mystery .
how much crédit lyonnais is owed by pathe [stays] a mystery .

The message of the Burgess shale — that there has always been variety , and no one can say in what forms it will survive until it has done so — remains .
the message of the burgess shale — that there has always been variety , and no one can say in what forms it will survive until it has done so — [stays] .

James Marchand studies Gothic , the oldest teutonic language with any written remains .
james marchand studies gothic , the oldest teutonic language with any written [stays] .

Yesterday 's agreement to buy Scott Foresman for $ 455million ( £291million ) shows that Mr Murdoch remains relatively unworried about the group 's ability to fund its expansion .
yesterday 's agreement to buy scott foresman for $ 455million ( £291million ) shows that mr murdoch [stays] relatively unworried about the group 's ability to fund its expansion .

Also , industry observers say Indian companies must put more money into research and development to ensure that quality remains uncompromised .
also , industry observers say indian companies must put more money into research and development to ensure that quality [stays] uncompromised .

20 Nc5 ! ||Qc8||21 Bxg6+||Kd8|| 22 dxe5||Nxe5||23 Nxe6+||Qxe6|| 24 Qxe6||Nxe6||25 Rxd5+||Nd7|| 26 Bf5||Nf8||27 Bg5||c6|| 28 Rd1||Ke8||29 Re3||e5|| Black has survived with level material , but his king remains terribly exposed to White 's rampaging rooks and bishops .
20 nc5 ! ||qc8||21 bxg6+||kd8|| 22 dxe5||nxe5||23 nxe6+||qxe6|| 24 qxe6||nxe6||25 rxd5+||nd7|| 26 bf5||nf8||27 bg5||c6|| 28 rd1||ke8||29 re3||e5|| black has survived with level material , but his king [stays] terribly exposed to white 's rampaging rooks and bishops .

It remains to be seen whether either can bounce back , and whether Saatchi and Saatchi will soon be fighting off a rather more vigorous takeover bid than Mrs Thatcher faced this week .
it [stays] to be seen whether either can bounce back , and whether saatchi and saatchi will soon be fighting off a rather more vigorous takeover bid than mrs thatcher faced this week .

Only one bugbear remains : the members ' obstinate refusal to grant full rights to Lancashire 's women subscribers , including access to a pavilion which remains a bastion of male chauvinism .
only one bugbear [stays] : the members ' obstinate refusal to grant full rights to lancashire 's women subscribers , including access to a pavilion which [stays] a bastion of male chauvinism .

Just over three years ago Dr Helmut Kohl , federal chancellor , declaimed in the remains of the Reichstag that the Wall , stretching beyond the former capital of a united Germany around 100 miles in length , was ‘ a monument to inhumanity which tears families apart and prevents human contact .
just over three years ago dr helmut kohl , federal chancellor , declaimed in the [stays] of the reichstag that the wall , stretching beyond the former capital of a united germany around 100 miles in length , was ‘ a monument to inhumanity which tears families apart and prevents human contact .

Yet it remains that , for the first time in 15 years and since the controversy over abortion , opinions are divided so haphazardly that traditional political alliances have ceased to operate .
yet it [stays] that , for the first time in 15 years and since the controversy over abortion , opinions are divided so haphazardly that traditional political alliances have ceased to operate .

Government policy in the 1980s has been to oppose any increase in the country 's dollar debt , which remains at the manageable level of $ 5.5 million .
government policy in the 1980s has been to oppose any increase in the country 's dollar debt , which [stays] at the manageable level of $ 5.5 million .

Mrs Thatcher remains totally opposed to the idea of a ‘ third zero , ’ the elimination of short- range nuclear weapons , and believes the Soviet Union has now rallied to her view .
mrs thatcher [stays] totally opposed to the idea of a ‘ third zero , ’ the elimination of short- range nuclear weapons , and believes the soviet union has now rallied to her view .

James volunteered to stay on until the end of the season , and he remains in charge for tonight 's visit to Cross Keys , but Newport are opting for a complete change .
james volunteered to stay on until the end of the season , and he [stays] in charge for tonight 's visit to cross keys , but newport are opting for a complete change .

Despite that disappointment , Baggio remains something of a media favourite .
despite that disappointment , baggio [stays] something of a media favourite .

Equally , Penny remains on one level as a deluded fantasist who believes , very like an Iranian woman , that a wife 's duty is to wait for her husband 's return from the wars .
equally , penny [stays] on one level as a deluded fantasist who believes , very like an iranian woman , that a wife 's duty is to wait for her husband 's return from the wars .

The answer has to be an emphatic ‘ no ’ ; not until the Government is switches funding from road-building to investing in the railway infrastructure , which remains the most sensible alternative .
the answer has to be an emphatic ‘ no ’ ; not until the government is switches funding from road-building to investing in the railway infrastructure , which [stays] the most sensible alternative .

Members of the society which remains unchanged are not asked for their views .
members of the society which [stays] unchanged are not asked for their views .

The Halifax 's name always remains in the frame as a conversion possibility .
the halifax 's name always [stays] in the frame as a conversion possibility .

‘ This is a beautiful day at the end of a long way , but we are not yet at the end of that way , a whole lot remains to be done , ’ Mr Brandt said .
‘ this is a beautiful day at the end of a long way , but we are not yet at the end of that way , a whole lot [stays] to be done , ’ mr brandt said .

Insofar as the old remains , it is like an empty chrysalis , preserving the shape but not the substance of what existed before .
insofar as the old [stays] , it is like an empty chrysalis , preserving the shape but not the substance of what existed before .

It remains to be seen what precise form of words are agreed by the 12 heads of government to express their commitment to the next stage of monetary union .
it [stays] to be seen what precise form of words are agreed by the 12 heads of government to express their commitment to the next stage of monetary union .

Nonetheless , the dominant tone remains suspicious .
nonetheless , the dominant tone [stays] suspicious .

That remains to be seen : an 85 per cent mandate from her 374 voters is convincing by any standards .
that [stays] to be seen : an 85 per cent mandate from her 374 voters is convincing by any standards .

Mangled remains were hurled 500 yards down the road .
mangled [stays] were hurled 500 yards down the road .

But now all those Arab and Western powers that had invested such hopes in the plan will find it hard to sustain even a pretence that it remains a realistic proposal .
but now all those arab and western powers that had invested such hopes in the plan will find it hard to sustain even a pretence that it [stays] a realistic proposal .

Mangled remains were hurled 500 yards down the road .
mangled [stays] were hurled 500 yards down the road .

But now all those Arab and Western powers that had invested such hopes in the plan will find it hard to sustain even a pretence that it remains a realistic proposal .
but now all those arab and western powers that had invested such hopes in the plan will find it hard to sustain even a pretence that it [stays] a realistic proposal .

Miss Chueng was , and remains , a regular patron .
miss chueng was , and [stays] , a regular patron .

Koons himself remains sanguine in the face of all the bitter debate .
koons himself [stays] sanguine in the face of all the bitter debate .

But Ilona 's alter-ego remains a bone of contention between them .
but ilona 's alter-ego [stays] a bone of contention between them .

That is what she remains .
that is what she [stays] .

Unlike other MPs of the last Parliament , who as mere candidates now draw no salary , he remains in office until a successor is elected on April 27 .
unlike other mps of the last parliament , who as mere candidates now draw no salary , he [stays] in office until a successor is elected on april 27 .

The question remains whether an investigator equally committed might not perform much the same myth-detecting operation on any considerable body of writing , say the novels of Dickens , or indeed the works of some quite minor writer .
the question [stays] whether an investigator equally committed might not perform much the same myth-detecting operation on any considerable body of writing , say the novels of dickens , or indeed the works of some quite minor writer .

All that remains for him is the bitter awareness of his own futility .
all that [stays] for him is the bitter awareness of his own futility .

While it remains unclear to this reader exactly what moral or spiritual relations are set forth in the three stories which comprise the titular parables , Proofs , the main part of the present volume , concerns itself with how the collapse of communism threatens the whole Western intellectual tradition of idealism and asceticism .
while it [stays] unclear to this reader exactly what moral or spiritual relations are set forth in the three stories which comprise the titular parables , proofs , the main part of the present volume , concerns itself with how the collapse of communism threatens the whole western intellectual tradition of idealism and asceticism .

It 's no criticism of his book to say that his view from within remains , as mine did from without , unmistakably English .
it 's no criticism of his book to say that his view from within [stays] , as mine did from without , unmistakably english .

But while there now seems little doubt that the drawing is by Leonardo , the question remains as to whether the theft had royal approval .
but while there now seems little doubt that the drawing is by leonardo , the question [stays] as to whether the theft had royal approval .

Mrs Clinton 's apparent eagerness to embarrass Mr Bush , supposedly to redress the balance of gossip in favour of her husband , whose front-running campaign remains dogged by ‘ the character question ’ , is certain to create a furore .
mrs clinton 's apparent eagerness to embarrass mr bush , supposedly to redress the balance of gossip in favour of her husband , whose front-running campaign [stays] dogged by ‘ the character question ’ , is certain to create a furore .

The other rising stars include Jean-Louis Bianco , Minister of Transport , Elisabeth Guigou , who remains in charge of European Affairs , and Segole Royal at Environment , all immensely competent functionaries who owe their allegiance more to the President than the party .
the other rising stars include jean-louis bianco , minister of transport , elisabeth guigou , who [stays] in charge of european affairs , and segole royal at environment , all immensely competent functionaries who owe their allegiance more to the president than the party .

On Thursday the widow 's lawyers dashed to the Supreme Court to seek a directive that she should have the remains .
on thursday the widow 's lawyers dashed to the supreme court to seek a directive that she should have the [stays] .

But , as Trevor Fishlock reports , Major remains Major
but , as trevor fishlock reports , major [stays] major

Major remains Major .
major [stays] major .

It remains a secret , though it is said to be passed on from chairman to chairman in a discreet whisper .
it [stays] a secret , though it is said to be passed on from chairman to chairman in a discreet whisper .

The four-cylinder 12-valve engine also remains quiet , except for a boom at around 5,000 rpm .
the four-cylinder 12-valve engine also [stays] quiet , except for a boom at around 5,000 rpm .

Nearby , alum has been worked for centuries and we could still see the remains of the old landing stage where little coasters brought brimming vats of urine from London , which was mixed with the local mineral to produce dyestuff fasteners for textiles .
nearby , alum has been worked for centuries and we could still see the [stays] of the old landing stage where little coasters brought brimming vats of urine from london , which was mixed with the local mineral to produce dyestuff fasteners for textiles .

You keep expecting the spell to be shattered , especially as Michael Kitchen is around looking much like the villains he has played lately , but it remains intact .
you keep expecting the spell to be shattered , especially as michael kitchen is around looking much like the villains he has played lately , but it [stays] intact .

But where the habitat remains of high quality — Tregaron Bog in Wales or Stodmarsh in Kent — mink and voles co-exist in good numbers .
but where the habitat [stays] of high quality — tregaron bog in wales or stodmarsh in kent — mink and voles co-exist in good numbers .

That remains his only fall , and it was more a case of a slip one stride after landing than a regulation fall .
that [stays] his only fall , and it was more a case of a slip one stride after landing than a regulation fall .

Saintes , with Gallo-Roman remains , a beautiful Romanesque abbey and an atmospheric medieval quarter , is 17 miles south of St Jean ; 15-odd miles to the north-west is Surgeres , all of whose public buildings , including an engagingly asymmetrical church , are within the 16th-century castle walls , scattered among beautiful gardens and parkland — perfect for picnicking .
saintes , with gallo-roman [stays] , a beautiful romanesque abbey and an atmospheric medieval quarter , is 17 miles south of st jean ; 15-odd miles to the north-west is surgeres , all of whose public buildings , including an engagingly asymmetrical church , are within the 16th-century castle walls , scattered among beautiful gardens and parkland — perfect for picnicking .

He was replaced by Derek Wanless , but he remains deputy chairman .
he was replaced by derek wanless , but he [stays] deputy chairman .

However , it remains 14 p.c .
however , it [stays] 14 p.c .

He remains at heart a boy who grew up on a busy farm at St Martin 's , 14 miles from Llanymynech , the course on which as a seven-year-old he first took a golf club in his hands .
he [stays] at heart a boy who grew up on a busy farm at st martin 's , 14 miles from llanymynech , the course on which as a seven-year-old he first took a golf club in his hands .

Even so , he remains very loyal to his old friends .
even so , he [stays] very loyal to his old friends .

But the war also completed his task for him by sweeping away the remains of the system under which golf professionals had been subjugated as decent , working-class chaps .
but the war also completed his task for him by sweeping away the [stays] of the system under which golf professionals had been subjugated as decent , working-class chaps .

No , the true hard luck tale can be related by jockey Andrew Adams , 27 , who missed the winning ride after smashing his left knee in a fall at Doncaster in February and remains on the sidelines for the rest of the season .
no , the true hard luck tale can be related by jockey andrew adams , 27 , who missed the winning ride after smashing his left knee in a fall at doncaster in february and [stays] on the sidelines for the rest of the season .

‘ The effects of reduced capital spending have almost certainly created a backlog of repairs and replacements which still leads to the widely held view ( outside government ) that the fabric of many schools remains poor . ’
‘ the effects of reduced capital spending have almost certainly created a backlog of repairs and replacements which still leads to the widely held view ( outside government ) that the fabric of many schools [stays] poor . ’

But , by keeping him on as State Secretary , Mr Yeltsin is ensuring that his trusted colleague from his days as Communist Party chief in Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) remains firmly in charge of all presidential structures .
but , by keeping him on as state secretary , mr yeltsin is ensuring that his trusted colleague from his days as communist party chief in sverdlovsk ( now yekaterinburg ) [stays] firmly in charge of all presidential structures .

The plan , whose passage through parliament remains highly uncertain , came after two days of hectic government activity and almost permanent crisis meetings following a currency outflow of £1.5 billion on Friday alone .
the plan , whose passage through parliament [stays] highly uncertain , came after two days of hectic government activity and almost permanent crisis meetings following a currency outflow of £1.5 billion on friday alone .

The remains of the Body & Face Place chain have been bought by the people who operate another franchise business , Snappy Snaps , but few of the original Body & Face Place franchisees have chosen to transfer to the new owner .
the [stays] of the body & face place chain have been bought by the people who operate another franchise business , snappy snaps , but few of the original body & face place franchisees have chosen to transfer to the new owner .

Labour , however , remains confident that Mr Kinnock is on course to enter Downing Street at the head of a minority government .
labour , however , [stays] confident that mr kinnock is on course to enter downing street at the head of a minority government .

Negotiations with the present owners of the remains , the Russian Orthodox Brotherhood , are now being conducted by the Mayor of Shaftesbury , Mrs Janet Rider .
negotiations with the present owners of the [stays] , the russian orthodox brotherhood , are now being conducted by the mayor of shaftesbury , mrs janet rider .

Yet Southend remains resolutely Conservative in both its constituencies .
yet southend [stays] resolutely conservative in both its constituencies .

Rev Jackson , who ran his own campaign for the Democratic nomination last time , remains America 's most influential black politician .
rev jackson , who ran his own campaign for the democratic nomination last time , [stays] america 's most influential black politician .

It is changing its name to Sakura Finance International — this means cherry blossom , but whether it will add much of a shine to its image remains to be seen .
it is changing its name to sakura finance international — this means cherry blossom , but whether it will add much of a shine to its image [stays] to be seen .

Leon was captured and shot by the Gestapo in 1942 , although his remains have never been discovered .
leon was captured and shot by the gestapo in 1942 , although his [stays] have never been discovered .

Had Aldous Huxley introduced a sub-plot into Brave New World , where the remains of a dead man were cannibalised to save the lives of 50 strangers , only for them to succumb to a lethal virus hidden in his tissues , his readers would have been impressed by the fertility of his futuristic imagination .
had aldous huxley introduced a sub-plot into brave new world , where the [stays] of a dead man were cannibalised to save the lives of 50 strangers , only for them to succumb to a lethal virus hidden in his tissues , his readers would have been impressed by the fertility of his futuristic imagination .

In the wild , smaller billed species of vultures and kites tidy up the smaller remains and clean the bones after the Griffons and Lappet-faced Vultures have had their fill .
in the wild , smaller billed species of vultures and kites tidy up the smaller [stays] and clean the bones after the griffons and lappet-faced vultures have had their fill .

It is often possible to see the vestigial remains of rear limbs on these large snakes .
it is often possible to see the vestigial [stays] of rear limbs on these large snakes .

But enough family likeness remains to make the chimpanzees ' tea-time a most popular attraction in zoos all over the world .
but enough family likeness [stays] to make the chimpanzees ' tea-time a most popular attraction in zoos all over the world .

No trace of the original shell material remains .
no trace of the original shell material [stays] .

They continued to evolve with undiminished vigour through the Tertiary , and their fossil remains are nowhere more abundant than in the ‘ crags ’ of later Tertiary age .
they continued to evolve with undiminished vigour through the tertiary , and their fossil [stays] are nowhere more abundant than in the ‘ crags ’ of later tertiary age .

It was in the Jurassic that the ammonoids achieved their greatest flowering , when the clays and shales of the period may be solid with the remains of their shells .
it was in the jurassic that the ammonoids achieved their greatest flowering , when the clays and shales of the period may be solid with the [stays] of their shells .

Like crinoids they evidently grew in gardens , for their remains ( especially in Carboniferous rocks ) tend to occur packed together in thousands .
like crinoids they evidently grew in gardens , for their [stays] ( especially in carboniferous rocks ) tend to occur packed together in thousands .

Their remains are commoner from the Mesozoic onwards , and at some levels , as in the Cretaceous chalk , they can be found in considerable numbers .
their [stays] are commoner from the mesozoic onwards , and at some levels , as in the cretaceous chalk , they can be found in considerable numbers .

In some places you can find dozens of enrolled trilobites together ; these are the remains of the animals themselves , not the moults , which presumably perished together after a fruitless attempt to protect themselves from a miniature catastrophe such as a sudden influx of sediment .
in some places you can find dozens of enrolled trilobites together ; these are the [stays] of the animals themselves , not the moults , which presumably perished together after a fruitless attempt to protect themselves from a miniature catastrophe such as a sudden influx of sediment .

Since many of the extremely ancient rocks in which trilobites can be found are folded or otherwise distorted their remains can often be found twisted or fractured .
since many of the extremely ancient rocks in which trilobites can be found are folded or otherwise distorted their [stays] can often be found twisted or fractured .

Spiders are known as far back as the Carboniferous , but their remains are principally known fossilized from the Tertiary ambers , where perfectly preserved specimens retain even the hairs on the legs .
spiders are known as far back as the carboniferous , but their [stays] are principally known fossilized from the tertiary ambers , where perfectly preserved specimens retain even the hairs on the legs .

The fossil remains of beetles , including the hard elytra , have been extensively used in the interpretation of the climatic history of the Pleistocene ice advances and retreats , because the species of beetle present in peat deposits change in harmony with the climatic fluctuations .
the fossil [stays] of beetles , including the hard elytra , have been extensively used in the interpretation of the climatic history of the pleistocene ice advances and retreats , because the species of beetle present in peat deposits change in harmony with the climatic fluctuations .

Vertebrate remains are decidedly patchy , particularly the terrestrial species .
vertebrate [stays] are decidedly patchy , particularly the terrestrial species .

This is not altogether surprising considering the factors militating against their preservation — break-up of skeletons after death , the necessity to have a skeleton incorporated with sediment , and the activities of predatory and scavenging animals to destroy remains .
this is not altogether surprising considering the factors militating against their preservation — break-up of skeletons after death , the necessity to have a skeleton incorporated with sediment , and the activities of predatory and scavenging animals to destroy [stays] .

The more impressive the animal the greater the feud ; the fights between Professors Cope and Marsh in the last century over the dinosaur remains of North America include examples of double dealing that would not shame an oil tycoon .
the more impressive the animal the greater the feud ; the fights between professors cope and marsh in the last century over the dinosaur [stays] of north america include examples of double dealing that would not shame an oil tycoon .

Even fish remains are rather local , and do not adequately reflect the abundance of a group that has occupied the seas for more than 400 million years .
even fish [stays] are rather local , and do not adequately reflect the abundance of a group that has occupied the seas for more than 400 million years .

The sad truth is that the average collector is unlikely to recover more than the most fragmentary remains of dinosaurs .
the sad truth is that the average collector is unlikely to recover more than the most fragmentary [stays] of dinosaurs .

The commonest vertebrate remains are of teeth or other resistant pieces .
the commonest vertebrate [stays] are of teeth or other resistant pieces .

Isolated , bladed shark 's teeth are really rather frequent finds in Mesozoic and Tertiary rocks , often in the absence of any other fish remains .
isolated , bladed shark 's teeth are really rather frequent finds in mesozoic and tertiary rocks , often in the absence of any other fish [stays] .

Many of them have bizarre adaptations , as parasites , or as permanent ‘ guests ’ within particular species of coral or sponge , which it would be impossible to infer from fossil remains .
many of them have bizarre adaptations , as parasites , or as permanent ‘ guests ’ within particular species of coral or sponge , which it would be impossible to infer from fossil [stays] .

Presumably these sites were protected from the kinds of influence that normally destroy fish remains , such as the activity of scavenging animals that disarticulate the skeletons , or currents .
presumably these sites were protected from the kinds of influence that normally destroy fish [stays] , such as the activity of scavenging animals that disarticulate the skeletons , or currents .

The truth is that there are a few sites ( especially in North America ) where abundant remains of complete animals have been recovered , and from which a passable idea of the fauna of the Mesozoic can be obtained , but there are still great gaps in our knowledge , and many of the dinosaurs are known from a handful of individuals , or even a single specimen .
the truth is that there are a few sites ( especially in north america ) where abundant [stays] of complete animals have been recovered , and from which a passable idea of the fauna of the mesozoic can be obtained , but there are still great gaps in our knowledge , and many of the dinosaurs are known from a handful of individuals , or even a single specimen .

Some of the original flexible material of the skeleton still remains .
some of the original flexible material of the skeleton still [stays] .

Many of the early mammalian remains are fossil teeth .
many of the early mammalian [stays] are fossil teeth .

Of course , the rocks that contain abundant plant remains are mostly those which were deposited in freshwater lakes , or on deltas , or the fossilized remains of peat beds .
of course , the rocks that contain abundant plant [stays] are mostly those which were deposited in freshwater lakes , or on deltas , or the fossilized [stays] of peat beds .

The first of these is the evidence of the rocks from which the remains were recovered .
the first of these is the evidence of the rocks from which the [stays] were recovered .

It is important to establish whether the fossil animal actually lived in the environment which furnished its sedimentary cover , or whether its remains were swept in from some other place .
it is important to establish whether the fossil animal actually lived in the environment which furnished its sedimentary cover , or whether its [stays] were swept in from some other place .

Looking at the fossil animal itself , the first necessity is to reconstruct it as accurately as possible from its fragmentary remains .
looking at the fossil animal itself , the first necessity is to reconstruct it as accurately as possible from its fragmentary [stays] .

But the best answers are probably obtained where the functional design of the fossil points to the same life habits as a living analogue , and where both are consistent with the geological circumstances in which the fossil remains occur .
but the best answers are probably obtained where the functional design of the fossil points to the same life habits as a living analogue , and where both are consistent with the geological circumstances in which the fossil [stays] occur .

Their fossil remains seem to occur with other animals and plants , which are generally accepted as terrestrial .
their fossil [stays] seem to occur with other animals and plants , which are generally accepted as terrestrial .

Many of the organisms that left fossil remains were of kinds now extinct , although some , like the trilobites , could obviously be placed into a phylum with many living representatives .
many of the organisms that left fossil [stays] were of kinds now extinct , although some , like the trilobites , could obviously be placed into a phylum with many living representatives .

Their remains were so abundant that they could not be ignored .
their [stays] were so abundant that they could not be ignored .

Sometimes they occur with cherty rocks that contain the remains of indubitably planktonic radiolaria .
sometimes they occur with cherty rocks that contain the [stays] of indubitably planktonic radiolaria .

The fact that they occur in shales without other benthic remains makes it very likely that they were free floating , and this is consistent with the way some of the species were constructed .
the fact that they occur in shales without other benthic [stays] makes it very likely that they were free floating , and this is consistent with the way some of the species were constructed .

They are obviously the remains of some kind of animal , but the problem is to decide what kind .
they are obviously the [stays] of some kind of animal , but the problem is to decide what kind .

‘ The doctor remains to be born .
‘ the doctor [stays] to be born .

Whereas there is a lot of aluminium in substances like antacid tablets and toothpaste , this remains insoluble because acidity is low .
whereas there is a lot of aluminium in substances like antacid tablets and toothpaste , this [stays] insoluble because acidity is low .

The remains of an old boat house stand on the shore .
the [stays] of an old boat house stand on the shore .

Britain remains a significant polluter of Scandinavia .
britain [stays] a significant polluter of scandinavia .

Woodburn Junction box in 1988 as a football special returning to London comes off the truncated remains of the Woodhead line , now devoid of electrification .
woodburn junction box in 1988 as a football special returning to london comes off the truncated [stays] of the woodhead line , now devoid of electrification .

Monitoring of such implementation and enforcement has been and remains insufficient .
monitoring of such implementation and enforcement has been and [stays] insufficient .

The French approach to takeovers has tended to aim at strengthening their central manufacturing core and to ensure that the French company remains dominant and in control , whereas the British takeover is generally aimed at diversification .
the french approach to takeovers has tended to aim at strengthening their central manufacturing core and to ensure that the french company [stays] dominant and in control , whereas the british takeover is generally aimed at diversification .

For both countries , the special relationship between them is their primary foreign policy priority , and the European Community remains principally an instrument of their foreign policy needs .
for both countries , the special relationship between them is their primary foreign policy priority , and the european community [stays] principally an instrument of their foreign policy needs .

Other Roman remains include the public baths and triumphal arch of Augustus .
other roman [stays] include the public baths and triumphal arch of augustus .

And the archaeological remains give authenticity to the fascinating legends of Greek mythology with the most famous of them all , the Parthenon , looking down from the acropolis over the bustling city of Athens below .
and the archaeological [stays] give authenticity to the fascinating legends of greek mythology with the most famous of them all , the parthenon , looking down from the acropolis over the bustling city of athens below .

The largest and most southerly of the Greek islands , Crete is a perfect combination of modern tourism totally enveloped in the remains of Europe 's first civilisation .
the largest and most southerly of the greek islands , crete is a perfect combination of modern tourism totally enveloped in the [stays] of europe 's first civilisation .

The Port remains the largest importer of animal feed stuffs in Ireland and with its silo and warehouse accommodation is uniquely placed to serve Northern Ireland 's largest single industry — agriculture .
the port [stays] the largest importer of animal feed stuffs in ireland and with its silo and warehouse accommodation is uniquely placed to serve northern ireland 's largest single industry — agriculture .

It is an extremely pretty village that remains delightfully uncrowded all year round , but still has much to keep the visitor occupied .
it is an extremely pretty village that [stays] delightfully uncrowded all year round , but still has much to keep the visitor occupied .

Kirchberg is extremely well positioned for exploring the Tyrol , yet it remains unspoilt and reasonable priced .
kirchberg is extremely well positioned for exploring the tyrol , yet it [stays] unspoilt and reasonable priced .

Visit the nearby Greek island of Kos and return loaded with duty frees or visit the magnificent site of Epheus , the largest Roman city outside Rome with its spectacular remains .
visit the nearby greek island of kos and return loaded with duty frees or visit the magnificent site of epheus , the largest roman city outside rome with its spectacular [stays] .

No further reminder is sent to you and , if the balance remains unpaid by then , we reserve the right to cancel your booking and to make a cancellation charge as shown in paragraph 2 h .
no further reminder is sent to you and , if the balance [stays] unpaid by then , we reserve the right to cancel your booking and to make a cancellation charge as shown in paragraph 2 h .

It remains however to explore alternatives to that model in the context of the sections above , concerning the nature of educational change and the managerial and professional perspectives involved .
it [stays] however to explore alternatives to that model in the context of the sections above , concerning the nature of educational change and the managerial and professional perspectives involved .

It remains a conservative model , based upon control and hierarchy .
it [stays] a conservative model , based upon control and hierarchy .

Peat remains a vital island fuel but little if any is exported and there is no industrial use such as whisky distilling .
peat [stays] a vital island fuel but little if any is exported and there is no industrial use such as whisky distilling .

The rate of removal of shell sands decreases as the erosion surface approaches the water-table and a level surface often remains .
the rate of removal of shell sands decreases as the erosion surface approaches the water-table and a level surface often [stays] .

Answers to these and related questions can be provided by palaeoecological studies involving reconstructions of the floristic , vegetational , and by inference , environmental history of the Outer Hebrides from pollen and macrofossil ( seeds , fruits , wood remains , etc . )
answers to these and related questions can be provided by palaeoecological studies involving reconstructions of the floristic , vegetational , and by inference , environmental history of the outer hebrides from pollen and macrofossil ( seeds , fruits , wood [stays] , etc . )

Many writers refer to tree remains in peat ( Martin , ( 1703 ) , MacCulloch ( 1819 ) , MacGillivray ( 1830 ) and Niven ( 1902 ) ) .
many writers refer to tree [stays] in peat ( martin , ( 1703 ) , macculloch ( 1819 ) , macgillivray ( 1830 ) and niven ( 1902 ) ) .

For example , many schools , colleges and environmental groups have spent time in remote islands , producing for their own use reports which contain botanical information which remains rather inaccessible .
for example , many schools , colleges and environmental groups have spent time in remote islands , producing for their own use reports which contain botanical information which [stays] rather inaccessible .

Amid the ruins on the most remote Highland croft still remains ample evidence of age-old customs and beliefs concerning plants and their significance in the daily lives of the people who lived there .
amid the ruins on the most remote highland croft still [stays] ample evidence of age-old customs and beliefs concerning plants and their significance in the daily lives of the people who lived there .

Thus the leading wheels ( the outer pair ) begin to move over the curve on the outside rails at the same time as the trailing wheels strike the curve , and the tank remains correctly orientated .
thus the leading wheels ( the outer pair ) begin to move over the curve on the outside rails at the same time as the trailing wheels strike the curve , and the tank [stays] correctly orientated .

There are also some remains of the standing work on the other channel , but little sign of the steel conduit other than some evidence of the bases of the brick piers .
there are also some [stays] of the standing work on the other channel , but little sign of the steel conduit other than some evidence of the bases of the brick piers .

The Foxton Lift seems almost to have come and gone in secret ; the remains at Foxton were until recently as mysterious to most people as the Iron Age hill fort at Burrough on the Hill on another side of Leicestershire .
the foxton lift seems almost to have come and gone in secret ; the [stays] at foxton were until recently as mysterious to most people as the iron age hill fort at burrough on the hill on another side of leicestershire .

Foxton still remains a popular attraction , though obviously chiefly on account of the Locks .
foxton still [stays] a popular attraction , though obviously chiefly on account of the locks .

However , much work remains to be done .
however , much work [stays] to be done .

Most have been drained for agriculture , or otherwise polluted , but the biggest of them all remains : Lake Ichkeul , in Tunisia .
most have been drained for agriculture , or otherwise polluted , but the biggest of them all [stays] : lake ichkeul , in tunisia .

It matters to the birds that the lake remains fresh , because they feed on the freshwater weeds such as Potamogeton , and rushes such as Scirpus .
it matters to the birds that the lake [stays] fresh , because they feed on the freshwater weeds such as potamogeton , and rushes such as scirpus .

At the time of writing , however — 1990 — it remains to be seen whether the necessary sluices and barrier will be built .
at the time of writing , however — 1990 — it [stays] to be seen whether the necessary sluices and barrier will be built .

It was discovered at the earlier date that the remains of an impressive Roman villa straddled the course boundary .
it was discovered at the earlier date that the [stays] of an impressive roman villa straddled the course boundary .

Much indeed remains to be done ; for special training is required , and the workers are still few .
much indeed [stays] to be done ; for special training is required , and the workers are still few .

So cogent and imaginative were his descriptions and inferences that his name remains well known today even though almost nothing in the same vein has followed from his work .
so cogent and imaginative were his descriptions and inferences that his name [stays] well known today even though almost nothing in the same vein has followed from his work .

Even so , the tradition of several centuries does not die easily and for many people mind remains opposed to matter , remains the opposite of the body .
even so , the tradition of several centuries does not die easily and for many people mind [stays] opposed to matter , [stays] the opposite of the body .

The selectivity and control of conscious attention remains poorly understood ; very clearly it is not at all coextensive with information processing for much of this is never observed and can not be summoned up for examination .
the selectivity and control of conscious attention [stays] poorly understood ; very clearly it is not at all coextensive with information processing for much of this is never observed and can not be summoned up for examination .

Real , yet not real , the world we see remains in itself mysterious , ineffable , sometimes a world of suffering , sometimes of joy and wonder .
real , yet not real , the world we see [stays] in itself mysterious , ineffable , sometimes a world of suffering , sometimes of joy and wonder .

Pride size thus remains constant .
pride size thus [stays] constant .

The evolutionary story of early man remains a complexity of fossils and uncertain interpretations ( Leakey and Lewin 1977 ) .
the evolutionary story of early man [stays] a complexity of fossils and uncertain interpretations ( leakey and lewin 1977 ) .

Menzel ( 1973 ) has shown that non-speaking chimpanzees can convey the location of food to one another in a large field enclosure ; Wrangham notes that individual awareness of food resources in the natural environment is acute ; but how much information transfer occurs in the wild remains unknown .
menzel ( 1973 ) has shown that non-speaking chimpanzees can convey the location of food to one another in a large field enclosure ; wrangham notes that individual awareness of food resources in the natural environment is acute ; but how much information transfer occurs in the wild [stays] unknown .

The establishment of compatibility is slower and it remains less stable when the two animals are both of high initial dominance ; thus two males are less compatible than a male — female dyad .
the establishment of compatibility is slower and it [stays] less stable when the two animals are both of high initial dominance ; thus two males are less compatible than a male — female dyad .

The old male remains loosely attached to the harem and spends a great deal of time caring for his infants .
the old male [stays] loosely attached to the harem and spends a great deal of time caring for his infants .

This might mean that while direct competition for resources is reduced by the decrease in group size , the indirect competition remains unaffected .
this might mean that while direct competition for resources is reduced by the decrease in group size , the indirect competition [stays] unaffected .

Wrangham 's theory remains tentative but if it stands up to further investigation it suggests that humans were primordially partrilineal .
wrangham 's theory [stays] tentative but if it stands up to further investigation it suggests that humans were primordially partrilineal .

He remains to look after his own infants and strikes a ‘ bargain ’ with the newcomer so that , while he remains sexually inactive , he assists his victorious opponent in preventing yet further take-overs of the unit .
he [stays] to look after his own infants and strikes a ‘ bargain ’ with the newcomer so that , while he [stays] sexually inactive , he assists his victorious opponent in preventing yet further take-overs of the unit .

The reason for the festival remains as originally envisaged by the Manager of the Grand Theatre , that is , to provide a showcase to a wider audience of the type of performance work that can be seen in schools and Youth Theatre Groups .
the reason for the festival [stays] as originally envisaged by the manager of the grand theatre , that is , to provide a showcase to a wider audience of the type of performance work that can be seen in schools and youth theatre groups .

After more than twenty years , when details have faded , my main impression of the Bonnington Conference remains the same — the conference of the sheep and the goats , very firmly divided the central aisle of the hall , Drama Organisers on one side , Training College lecturers on the other .
after more than twenty years , when details have faded , my main impression of the bonnington conference [stays] the same — the conference of the sheep and the goats , very firmly divided the central aisle of the hall , drama organisers on one side , training college lecturers on the other .

We can summarise the steps as follows : This is an admirably built sequential structure because although each short sequence is outwardly different , the emotional and thematic centre remains the same .
we can summarise the steps as follows : this is an admirably built sequential structure because although each short sequence is outwardly different , the emotional and thematic centre [stays] the same .

The critical point is that in expressive behaviours of all kinds , verbal , non-verbal , voluntary , involuntary , there is an aspect of the behaviour that remains hidden , only known or felt by the person experiencing the behaviour .
the critical point is that in expressive behaviours of all kinds , verbal , non-verbal , voluntary , involuntary , there is an aspect of the behaviour that [stays] hidden , only known or felt by the person experiencing the behaviour .

Within the former Soviet Union there remains a large military force .
within the former soviet union there [stays] a large military force .

The number of people directly affected by violent and sexual crime remains relatively small .
the number of people directly affected by violent and sexual crime [stays] relatively small .

But more remains to be done .
but more [stays] to be done .

This is as far as you can get from Cupitt 's picture of a reactionary , static super-tyrant [ in his Taking Leave of God ] always making sure the universe remains the same and conforms to the old unchanging laws .
this is as far as you can get from cupitt 's picture of a reactionary , static super-tyrant [ in his taking leave of god ] always making sure the universe [stays] the same and conforms to the old unchanging laws .

Once you have chosen , ordered and taken delivery of your kit garage , all that remains is to put it together , and here you have several options .
once you have chosen , ordered and taken delivery of your kit garage , all that [stays] is to put it together , and here you have several options .

Refill it by closing the draincock and restoring the water supply to the feed-and-expansion tank , and turn the system back on so you can pump the clean water round again and remove the last remains of the descaling .
refill it by closing the draincock and restoring the water supply to the feed-and-expansion tank , and turn the system back on so you can pump the clean water round again and remove the last [stays] of the descaling .

No polishing is needed , and as long as the seal remains intact , the floor will look good and give long service .
no polishing is needed , and as long as the seal [stays] intact , the floor will look good and give long service .

Meanwhile , at Newbury , our archaeologists have worked with the Trust for Wessex Archaeology and unearthed the remains of flint tools from a site dating back to the Middle Stone Age .
meanwhile , at newbury , our archaeologists have worked with the trust for wessex archaeology and unearthed the [stays] of flint tools from a site dating back to the middle stone age .

The Group remains fully committed to the provision of mortgage finance to individuals whilst providing associated services and products from subsidiary companies .
the group [stays] fully committed to the provision of mortgage finance to individuals whilst providing associated services and products from subsidiary companies .

The balance from the Company 's authorised share capital of £1 375 000 001 which remains unissued is now approximately £310 million ( 22.5 % ) .
the balance from the company 's authorised share capital of £1 375 000 001 which [stays] unissued is now approximately £310 million ( 22.5 % ) .

Options will normally only be exercisable after the expiry of three years from the date of their grant by a person who remains a director or employee .
options will normally only be exercisable after the expiry of three years from the date of their grant by a person who [stays] a director or employee .

But the basic cost of our insurance remains unchanged at £1.50 per £1,000 of cover .
but the basic cost of our insurance [stays] unchanged at £1.50 per £1,000 of cover .

Note : The Subsidence excess remains unaltered .
note : the subsidence excess [stays] unaltered .

There are no charges for Switch transactions if your current account remains in credit .
there are no charges for switch transactions if your current account [stays] in credit .

Once added , the amount can not be taken away by Clerical Medical provided the policy remains in full force until the end of the term .
once added , the amount can not be taken away by clerical medical provided the policy [stays] in full force until the end of the term .

The main way that people are selected today remains almost exclusively through a combination of the application form and the interview .
the main way that people are selected today [stays] almost exclusively through a combination of the application form and the interview .

Once added the amount can not be taken away by Clerical Medical provided the policy remains in full force until the end of term .
once added the amount can not be taken away by clerical medical provided the policy [stays] in full force until the end of term .

We all know that dreadful ‘ it 's on the tip of my tongue ’ feeling when a name with which we are perfectly familiar remains tantalisingly just out of reach .
we all know that dreadful ‘ it 's on the tip of my tongue ’ feeling when a name with which we are perfectly familiar [stays] tantalisingly just out of reach .

This is because we try to move our eyes along the name , whereas the sign itself remains still .
this is because we try to move our eyes along the name , whereas the sign itself [stays] still .

Laura remains the victim of her mother 's shortcomings but Tom escapes Amanda 's clutches and the spiritual impoverishment of low-income urban American life to become a poet and to sublimate his sister 's suffering and enshrine her fragility in his writings .
laura [stays] the victim of her mother 's shortcomings but tom escapes amanda 's clutches and the spiritual impoverishment of low-income urban american life to become a poet and to sublimate his sister 's suffering and enshrine her fragility in his writings .

Molly is left to grieve for Sam but , unbeknownst to her , he remains on earth as a ghost .
molly is left to grieve for sam but , unbeknownst to her , he [stays] on earth as a ghost .

‘ Can the Secretary of State answer the question which has remained unanswered since this dispute began and remains unanswered .
‘ can the secretary of state answer the question which has remained unanswered since this dispute began and [stays] unanswered .

Gold prospecting has been banned on the holy mountain of Croagh Patrick , but a road built by the exploration company before planning permission was applied for remains as an ugly scar
gold prospecting has been banned on the holy mountain of croagh patrick , but a road built by the exploration company before planning permission was applied for [stays] as an ugly scar

The pinkish , dusty core of the tree that remains turns to reddish-brown , then in the following year becomes grey and crusty , and gradually begins to regenerate its corky bark .
the pinkish , dusty core of the tree that [stays] turns to reddish-brown , then in the following year becomes grey and crusty , and gradually begins to regenerate its corky bark .

For all the gloom in the property market , there remains an insatiable demand for old buildings to restore and convert .
for all the gloom in the property market , there [stays] an insatiable demand for old buildings to restore and convert .

For those with a taste for the unusual and exotic , Pavilions in Peril remains not only an engaging armchair read , but an explorer 's guide to a forgotten world of follies and garden temples .
for those with a taste for the unusual and exotic , pavilions in peril [stays] not only an engaging armchair read , but an explorer 's guide to a forgotten world of follies and garden temples .

America may have changed Presidents a year ago , but the fiscal thicket remains as inpenetrable as ever .
america may have changed presidents a year ago , but the fiscal thicket [stays] as inpenetrable as ever .

It seems possible to argue that the tests described so far — for example , crossing out duplicate letters from blocks of random letters , answering questions of logic relating to the sequence of two letters , and copying symbols — are tests produced by psychologists for use by psychologists and that their relevance to ‘ real ’ tasks remains to be proved .
it seems possible to argue that the tests described so far — for example , crossing out duplicate letters from blocks of random letters , answering questions of logic relating to the sequence of two letters , and copying symbols — are tests produced by psychologists for use by psychologists and that their relevance to ‘ real ’ tasks [stays] to be proved .

What remains is converted into solid material for elimination as faeces .
what [stays] is converted into solid material for elimination as faeces .

Further work remains to be done .
further work [stays] to be done .

Simulated time-zone transitions in the laboratory , where the diet remains unchanged , confirm that the change in local time produces a change in appetite and bowel movements .
simulated time-zone transitions in the laboratory , where the diet [stays] unchanged , confirm that the change in local time produces a change in appetite and bowel movements .

Despite temporary set-backs Europe remains the axis to world travel .
despite temporary set-backs europe [stays] the axis to world travel .

The destructive action of beetles on timber is rarely as serious as fungal attack because an infected section is only weakened by the combined cross-sectional area of the tunnels it contains — the strength of the surrounding wood remains unimpaired .
the destructive action of beetles on timber is rarely as serious as fungal attack because an infected section is only weakened by the combined cross-sectional area of the tunnels it contains — the strength of the surrounding wood [stays] unimpaired .

It remains in its pupal chamber until the following spring and emerges in April , May or June to seek a mate .
it [stays] in its pupal chamber until the following spring and emerges in april , may or june to seek a mate .

Both types work on the principle of swelling up at high temperatures to produce a ‘ charred ’ foam coating which so insulates and protects the member from heat that the temperature of the metal remains well below that of the fire .
both types work on the principle of swelling up at high temperatures to produce a ‘ charred ’ foam coating which so insulates and protects the member from heat that the temperature of the metal [stays] well below that of the fire .

Conversion of this space has yet to take place and the unlined timber skeleton of the boarded external-wall construction of the upper storeys remains on view to the interior , awaiting its insulation and internal finishes .
conversion of this space has yet to take place and the unlined timber skeleton of the boarded external-wall construction of the upper storeys [stays] on view to the interior , awaiting its insulation and internal finishes .

Dalbeattie in Dumfries and Galloway is the site of a Second World War factory , the ugly remains of this building needing to be removed by the Scottish Development Agency .
dalbeattie in dumfries and galloway is the site of a second world war factory , the ugly [stays] of this building needing to be removed by the scottish development agency .

When Julie Christie , that blonde in Billy Liar , appears as the fashion model of the British-financed Darling ( 1965 ) , Schlesinger remains as distant from his central character , a woman who plays with the emotions of many men and destroys her own happiness by her quest for a good time , as he had from Vic or Billy .
when julie christie , that blonde in billy liar , appears as the fashion model of the british-financed darling ( 1965 ) , schlesinger [stays] as distant from his central character , a woman who plays with the emotions of many men and destroys her own happiness by her quest for a good time , as he had from vic or billy .

The remains of lunch were still on the stained crumb-scattered tablecloth and a woman sat at the table feeding a baby from a bottle .
the [stays] of lunch were still on the stained crumb-scattered tablecloth and a woman sat at the table feeding a baby from a bottle .

But there remains in Karnataka a substantial rump of the old Janata Party , which gave the country its only brief and disastrous respite from Congress rule from 1977 to 1979 .
but there [stays] in karnataka a substantial rump of the old janata party , which gave the country its only brief and disastrous respite from congress rule from 1977 to 1979 .

He remains on the Eastern Counties Committee and General Committee .
he [stays] on the eastern counties committee and general committee .

Today , following years of civil war , it remains a shadow of its former self , with its buildings devastated and only 10 % of the farm 's 1000 acres under cultivation .
today , following years of civil war , it [stays] a shadow of its former self , with its buildings devastated and only 10 % of the farm 's 1000 acres under cultivation .

However , a great deal of work remains to be done to restore the prison 's vitality .
however , a great deal of work [stays] to be done to restore the prison 's vitality .

If DeFreitas is out and Lamb remains unable to throw the ball properly , England 's outfield would have a Madame Tussaud 's look about it , which is also a point in favour of David Capel above Derek Pringle .
if defreitas is out and lamb [stays] unable to throw the ball properly , england 's outfield would have a madame tussaud 's look about it , which is also a point in favour of david capel above derek pringle .

But though the excitement in France has been echoed in the London market , there remains heavy scepticism about the financial merits of the Eurodisney share offer .
but though the excitement in france has been echoed in the london market , there [stays] heavy scepticism about the financial merits of the eurodisney share offer .

It remains unclear why Sinn Fein has chosen to wait until next week before publishing the full content of the documents .
it [stays] unclear why sinn fein has chosen to wait until next week before publishing the full content of the documents .

One died and the other , Dogam Arslan , remains seriously ill with burns at Stoke Mandeville Hospital .
one died and the other , dogam arslan , [stays] seriously ill with burns at stoke mandeville hospital .

The moral is that in special circumstances ‘ little crime ’ can be exciting , and the opportunity for ‘ real ’ police work can be missed unless one remains prepared .
the moral is that in special circumstances ‘ little crime ’ can be exciting , and the opportunity for ‘ real ’ police work can be missed unless one [stays] prepared .

The current excavations are the first time that the theatre 's remains have been seen since that destruction .
the current excavations are the first time that the theatre 's [stays] have been seen since that destruction .

The remains unearthed consist of chalk block and brick walls , and even some timbers .
the [stays] unearthed consist of chalk block and brick walls , and even some timbers .

Mr Clout was one of the founders of the Rose Theatre Trust , which championed the preservation of the late Tudor theatre 's remains .
mr clout was one of the founders of the rose theatre trust , which championed the preservation of the late tudor theatre 's [stays] .

Some of the Globe 's remains lie beneath an officially protected early nineteenth-century listed building .
some of the globe 's [stays] lie beneath an officially protected early nineteenth-century listed building .

David Trippier , the heritage minister , confirmed yesterday that the Department of the Environment would ‘ be considering very carefully , with advice from English Heritage , the need to schedule the remains ’ .
david trippier , the heritage minister , confirmed yesterday that the department of the environment would ‘ be considering very carefully , with advice from english heritage , the need to schedule the [stays] ’ .

Ex-hacker Stephen Gold says he remains ‘ astounded at the arrogance ’ of the Law Commission for not drawing on the experience of others .
ex-hacker stephen gold says he [stays] ‘ astounded at the arrogance ’ of the law commission for not drawing on the experience of others .

The stumbling block which remains is security within companies .
the stumbling block which [stays] is security within companies .

That does not mean plummeting house prices — the old adage about most people simply refusing to move rather than sell their house for less than they paid for it remains as true as ever .
that does not mean plummeting house prices — the old adage about most people simply refusing to move rather than sell their house for less than they paid for it [stays] as true as ever .

Archaeologists claimed to have found the remains of Shakespeare 's Globe Theatre , where Hamlet was given its first performance .
archaeologists claimed to have found the [stays] of shakespeare 's globe theatre , where hamlet was given its first performance .

Few expect change while Erich Honecker remains leader .
few expect change while erich honecker [stays] leader .

Lebanese cling to remains of accord
lebanese cling to [stays] of accord

Sally Greengross , director of Age Concern , said : ‘ Age Concern remains very worried about the financial position of older pensioners , despite the October increases in income support and housing benefit for certain disabled pensioners and those aged 75 or over .
sally greengross , director of age concern , said : ‘ age concern [stays] very worried about the financial position of older pensioners , despite the october increases in income support and housing benefit for certain disabled pensioners and those aged 75 or over .

Tactically , the worry is that England 's 4-4-2 system remains too rigid .
tactically , the worry is that england 's 4-4-2 system [stays] too rigid .

Dodge and Wells return in place of Alan Warwood and Adey Marriott while Jez Harris , who also played in last weekend 's hefty win over Coventry when Cusworth kicked his heels on the bench , remains at stand-off .
dodge and wells return in place of alan warwood and adey marriott while jez harris , who also played in last weekend 's hefty win over coventry when cusworth kicked his heels on the bench , [stays] at stand-off .

That remains a mystery to him .
that [stays] a mystery to him .

He remains synonymous with Manchester United which is more than will ever be said about the principal figures in that disturbing saga of boardroom intrigue which has been occupying our attention this season .
he [stays] synonymous with manchester united which is more than will ever be said about the principal figures in that disturbing saga of boardroom intrigue which has been occupying our attention this season .

Having agreed to sell his shares to Knighton , thereby relinquishing the control he inherited from his father , Martin Edwards remains , at least temporarily , in the chief executive 's chair although his authority will not carry much conviction .
having agreed to sell his shares to knighton , thereby relinquishing the control he inherited from his father , martin edwards [stays] , at least temporarily , in the chief executive 's chair although his authority will not carry much conviction .

While the press , led by The Hindu , has gone a long way to proving that Bofors handed out millions of dollars to Indian middlemen , the identity of the ultimate recipients of the money remains a mystery .
while the press , led by the hindu , has gone a long way to proving that bofors handed out millions of dollars to indian middlemen , the identity of the ultimate recipients of the money [stays] a mystery .

While China insists that its open-door policy remains intact and continues to encourage investment from the West , it has revived a vocabulary of ideological struggle almost identical to that used in East Germany .
while china insists that its open-door policy [stays] intact and continues to encourage investment from the west , it has revived a vocabulary of ideological struggle almost identical to that used in east germany .

An enormous amount of work has been done and perhaps still more remains to be done in arranging works of art in exact sequence of time .
an enormous amount of work has been done and perhaps still more [stays] to be done in arranging works of art in exact sequence of time .

He recognised the truest limits of the medium in which he worked , never allowed technical virtuosity to have the better of the central aim of significant composition , and established a balanced style which remains the most perfect model of the line-engraver 's art .
he recognised the truest limits of the medium in which he worked , never allowed technical virtuosity to have the better of the central aim of significant composition , and established a balanced style which [stays] the most perfect model of the line-engraver 's art .

There remains the courtesy paid by one art to another , as in the poem which Baudelaire suggested might be a high form of critical writing .
there [stays] the courtesy paid by one art to another , as in the poem which baudelaire suggested might be a high form of critical writing .

Times change , however , and today , under a somewhat different corporate regime , ‘ Heritage ’ starts to smack of yesterday 's fashion , and one is not entirely sure what commitment remains .
times change , however , and today , under a somewhat different corporate regime , ‘ heritage ’ starts to smack of yesterday 's fashion , and one is not entirely sure what commitment [stays] .

It is in our interests as designers in this field to ensure that the ‘ pub tradition ’ that we all hold so dear remains a living tradition .
it is in our interests as designers in this field to ensure that the ‘ pub tradition ’ that we all hold so dear [stays] a living tradition .

‘ Well , yes and no , You know the saying : ‘ The fish is gone but the smell remains .
‘ well , yes and no , you know the saying : ‘ the fish is gone but the smell [stays] .

Much of it still remains .
much of it still [stays] .

All that remains of his seductiveness are the historical traces of a bad lot .
all that [stays] of his seductiveness are the historical traces of a bad lot .

But mind remains truly special .
but mind [stays] truly special .

Associationism is long dead as a theory of thought , but externalism remains as a feature of most of its naturalistic successors , because , by virtue of their naturalism , they can find no space for intrinsic generality of mental contents .
associationism is long dead as a theory of thought , but externalism [stays] as a feature of most of its naturalistic successors , because , by virtue of their naturalism , they can find no space for intrinsic generality of mental contents .

Following the initial chickenpox infection , usually during childhood , the chickenpox virus remains inactive in the body .
following the initial chickenpox infection , usually during childhood , the chickenpox virus [stays] inactive in the body .

Do n't be tempted to use up the remains of a summer lawn fertiliser , which will contain too much nitrogen .
do n't be tempted to use up the [stays] of a summer lawn fertiliser , which will contain too much nitrogen .

After an accident in which a pilot was killed by a strike , the remains of the aircraft showed the true potential power of nature .
after an accident in which a pilot was killed by a strike , the [stays] of the aircraft showed the true potential power of nature .

His poetry tells a different story : there was wide and profound sentience — of man and nature , of beauty and the beast , of times and seasons , of perception and tactility , of hearing and tasting , and smelling ; at the bottom of which remains an unresolved questing , a whole gamut of unanswered questions which drove at the very heart of what he most wished to believe .
his poetry tells a different story : there was wide and profound sentience — of man and nature , of beauty and the beast , of times and seasons , of perception and tactility , of hearing and tasting , and smelling ; at the bottom of which [stays] an unresolved questing , a whole gamut of unanswered questions which drove at the very heart of what he most wished to believe .

It is the attacker who is deflected now ; your body remains facing forwards and fully effective .
it is the attacker who is deflected now ; your body [stays] facing forwards and fully effective .

Follow the opponent 's shape , not his attacking limb , because although an individual technique may have been successfully evaded , the opponent still remains potentially dangerous .
follow the opponent 's shape , not his attacking limb , because although an individual technique may have been successfully evaded , the opponent still [stays] potentially dangerous .

The predominant political religious form was and remains , with some modifications and with increasing opposition , a centralizing and conservative catholicism .
the predominant political religious form was and [stays] , with some modifications and with increasing opposition , a centralizing and conservative catholicism .

In the Northern statelet , the power of the main protestant churches at present remains subordinate to that of the fundamentalists and the religious political societies .
in the northern statelet , the power of the main protestant churches at present [stays] subordinate to that of the fundamentalists and the religious political societies .

Equally , a particular type of catholic identity may not belong to all but remains politically dominant for similar reasons .
equally , a particular type of catholic identity may not belong to all but [stays] politically dominant for similar reasons .

The other tradition remains British identity and still would seem to dominate the values of the official unionists .
the other tradition [stays] british identity and still would seem to dominate the values of the official unionists .

This remains particularly so today where an objectivist stance on morality prevails in a national or local culture anywhere in the catholic world .
this [stays] particularly so today where an objectivist stance on morality prevails in a national or local culture anywhere in the catholic world .

But there remains a strong respect for the religious leadership of the protestant — loyalist bloc .
but there [stays] a strong respect for the religious leadership of the protestant — loyalist bloc .

The protestant version has variants as to how pure this church is or whether it remains sinful , but the evangelical version which is the basic one in the North of Ireland opts absolutely for ‘ Jesus Saves ’ ; the community , no longer medium of salvation , tends to take on a visible , earthly role , an occasion of grace and a support for religious ‘ this-worldly ’ activity .
the protestant version has variants as to how pure this church is or whether it [stays] sinful , but the evangelical version which is the basic one in the north of ireland opts absolutely for ‘ jesus saves ’ ; the community , no longer medium of salvation , tends to take on a visible , earthly role , an occasion of grace and a support for religious ‘ this-worldly ’ activity .

The Calvinist vision of an earthly city in which pastor and politician work in harmony to exclude evil from the lives of all those within the city walls remains a religious outlook for a significant number of protestant loyalists .
the calvinist vision of an earthly city in which pastor and politician work in harmony to exclude evil from the lives of all those within the city walls [stays] a religious outlook for a significant number of protestant loyalists .

She remains a Catholic nation ’ ( Catholic Bulletin , 25/4 ( Apr .
she [stays] a catholic nation ’ ( catholic bulletin , 25/4 ( apr .

As will be elaborated now in further contexts , it appears that the underlying reality to such difficulties was , and remains a complex contradiction which the catholic — nationalist alliance has still failed to solve .
as will be elaborated now in further contexts , it appears that the underlying reality to such difficulties was , and [stays] a complex contradiction which the catholic — nationalist alliance has still failed to solve .

Their intention to continue with this strategy remains .
their intention to continue with this strategy [stays] .

In Northern Ireland , the catholic schools ' sector is provided for out of state funds , and remains under the governorship of the local clergy , now assisted by laity and members of the local educational and library boards .
in northern ireland , the catholic schools ' sector is provided for out of state funds , and [stays] under the governorship of the local clergy , now assisted by laity and members of the local educational and library boards .

This remains a fact no matter how one seeks to explain or excuse it .
this [stays] a fact no matter how one seeks to explain or excuse it .

The rise in the quality of French tennis over the last 20 years , culminating in the emergence of players such as Yannick Noah , Henri Leconte and now Guy Forget , coupled with the transformation of the French Open at Roland Garros into what the majority of players regard as the best organised of the four Grand Slams ( even though Wimbledon remains favourite as to the one they most want to win ) are due very largely to the leadership he has shown .
the rise in the quality of french tennis over the last 20 years , culminating in the emergence of players such as yannick noah , henri leconte and now guy forget , coupled with the transformation of the french open at roland garros into what the majority of players regard as the best organised of the four grand slams ( even though wimbledon [stays] favourite as to the one they most want to win ) are due very largely to the leadership he has shown .

‘ We 've simply run out of time in trying to reach an agreement with all concerned ’ said tournament director , Alex Meyer-Wolden , who nevertheless remains hopeful that he will be able to stage a mixed event in 1992 .
‘ we 've simply run out of time in trying to reach an agreement with all concerned ’ said tournament director , alex meyer-wolden , who nevertheless [stays] hopeful that he will be able to stage a mixed event in 1992 .

Now , there is an added urgency to her shots and she remains an unlikely threat to both grass court opponents and , ( following her victory in the 1990 French Open and her re-appearance in the final again this year ) , clay court specialists .
now , there is an added urgency to her shots and she [stays] an unlikely threat to both grass court opponents and , ( following her victory in the 1990 french open and her re-appearance in the final again this year ) , clay court specialists .

The atmosphere remains that of a small-town challenger event , relaxed , friendly and informal , the perfect place to escape to after the tension and crowds of the French Open .
the atmosphere [stays] that of a small-town challenger event , relaxed , friendly and informal , the perfect place to escape to after the tension and crowds of the french open .

Although she lives in Brazil , Ms Bueno remains active in tennis through regular personal appearances in several countries .
although she lives in brazil , ms bueno [stays] active in tennis through regular personal appearances in several countries .

Francisco Bonifacio Mba Nguema remains in prison in Equatorial Guinea .
francisco bonifacio mba nguema [stays] in prison in equatorial guinea .

Mulugetta Mosissa , a former civil servant , remains in detention without trial in Ethiopia .
mulugetta mosissa , a former civil servant , [stays] in detention without trial in ethiopia .

He remains detained at Camp ‘ Three Stars ’ in Ha Nam Ninh province .
he [stays] detained at camp ‘ three stars ’ in ha nam ninh province .

Ali Ardalan , a retired civil servant in his mid 70s arrested in June 1990 , remains in prison and there is growing concern over his ill-health .
ali ardalan , a retired civil servant in his mid 70s arrested in june 1990 , [stays] in prison and there is growing concern over his ill-health .

Mohamed Abbad remains in prison with 17 of the original 31 .
mohamed abbad [stays] in prison with 17 of the original 31 .

While the situation in the south remains a major concern , greater violations of human rights are now occurring in the North and Eastern provinces of the island , where government security forces are engaged in a full-scale civil war with elements of the Tamil-minority population .
while the situation in the south [stays] a major concern , greater violations of human rights are now occurring in the north and eastern provinces of the island , where government security forces are engaged in a full-scale civil war with elements of the tamil-minority population .

If your weight remains constant you must be using up all your calories , but if you are gaining weight then some of the calories you consume are being stored as fat .
if your weight [stays] constant you must be using up all your calories , but if you are gaining weight then some of the calories you consume are being stored as fat .

An assumption remains inherent in the literature that anthropology is academically based , funded by some research organization , presented in seminar , taught to students , and then written up and published .
an assumption [stays] inherent in the literature that anthropology is academically based , funded by some research organization , presented in seminar , taught to students , and then written up and published .

Always the demand is for ‘ practical ’ skills , while academic analysis remains a despised pastime , so that even the Superintendents ' Association ( the equivalent of the Police Federation for the lower ranks ) has similarly denied any place for intellectualism for its members .
always the demand is for ‘ practical ’ skills , while academic analysis [stays] a despised pastime , so that even the superintendents ' association ( the equivalent of the police federation for the lower ranks ) has similarly denied any place for intellectualism for its members .

Because of the élitism which such an organization of control wields , it is not surprising there is difficulty in incorporating the outside researcher , or in accepting his critical findings . And certainly that other main arm of executive control — the army — seems little better at this than the police , for the number of participant accounts of their deep structures remains negligible , supporting McCabe 's ( 1980 ) contention that we should be asking of all of these costly institutions , ‘ who is to be controlled by whom and for what reasons ? ’
because of the élitism which such an organization of control wields , it is not surprising there is difficulty in incorporating the outside researcher , or in accepting his critical findings . and certainly that other main arm of executive control — the army — seems little better at this than the police , for the number of participant accounts of their deep structures [stays] negligible , supporting mccabe 's ( 1980 ) contention that we should be asking of all of these costly institutions , ‘ who is to be controlled by whom and for what reasons ? ’

For even though some attempt to give status to the ‘ community or home beat officer ’ has been made following Lord Scarman 's ( 1981 ) report on the Brixton riots which gave something of a ‘ slap on the wrist ’ to the service , the deference accorded to specialist posting or to detective work remains untouched .
for even though some attempt to give status to the ‘ community or home beat officer ’ has been made following lord scarman 's ( 1981 ) report on the brixton riots which gave something of a ‘ slap on the wrist ’ to the service , the deference accorded to specialist posting or to detective work [stays] untouched .

for it is difficult to see how the native could have any interest in the project of unveiling what can go on existing only if it remains veiled .
for it is difficult to see how the native could have any interest in the project of unveiling what can go on existing only if it [stays] veiled .

This is basically the same anthropological journey pursued by Lévi-Strauss ( 1973 ) in Tristes Tropiques , which remains a suitable precursor for most of the current reflexive ethnography .
this is basically the same anthropological journey pursued by lévi-strauss ( 1973 ) in tristes tropiques , which [stays] a suitable precursor for most of the current reflexive ethnography .

For only when one is able to discriminate between what must be discarded and what still remains as valuable for the future will one also be able to decide whether one is ready to strike out in the new direction consciously and positively .
for only when one is able to discriminate between what must be discarded and what still [stays] as valuable for the future will one also be able to decide whether one is ready to strike out in the new direction consciously and positively .

‘ We can and must fight to see that the fruit of labour remains in the hands of those who work , and that work does not turn into punishment .
‘ we can and must fight to see that the fruit of labour [stays] in the hands of those who work , and that work does not turn into punishment .

ItalBrokers managing director Carlo Gambuzzi adds : ‘ Egg pasta is more enjoyable to the palate than other pastas and remains better al dente .
italbrokers managing director carlo gambuzzi adds : ‘ egg pasta is more enjoyable to the palate than other pastas and [stays] better al dente .

No doubt many , probably a majority , of the cases of non-gonococcal urethritis are due to infectious organisms , but there remains a hard core of cases from which no pathogenic germs can be isolated and for which it is just conceivable that antibiotic treatment may not be the best therapy .
no doubt many , probably a majority , of the cases of non-gonococcal urethritis are due to infectious organisms , but there [stays] a hard core of cases from which no pathogenic germs can be isolated and for which it is just conceivable that antibiotic treatment may not be the best therapy .

Recently a new group of drugs , cytosine and adenosine arabinoside , have been used with considerable success against generalized viral illness , particularly in people whose natural defence mechanisms are below par , but it remains to be seen whether it is feasible to use them on localized herpetic infection .
recently a new group of drugs , cytosine and adenosine arabinoside , have been used with considerable success against generalized viral illness , particularly in people whose natural defence mechanisms are below par , but it [stays] to be seen whether it is feasible to use them on localized herpetic infection .

Involvement of the valve of the aorta ( the large main artery , emerging from the heart ) , can cause this valve to become inefficient , so that instead of closing fully after each pumping beat of the heart , it remains partly open , allowing a proportion of the blood to return to the heart instead of passing on round the body .
involvement of the valve of the aorta ( the large main artery , emerging from the heart ) , can cause this valve to become inefficient , so that instead of closing fully after each pumping beat of the heart , it [stays] partly open , allowing a proportion of the blood to return to the heart instead of passing on round the body .

There remains the possibility that the pregnant mother may catch the infection after her first antenatal examination , or that she was incubating early syphilis and therefore had negative blood-tests when first seen .
there [stays] the possibility that the pregnant mother may catch the infection after her first antenatal examination , or that she was incubating early syphilis and therefore had negative blood-tests when first seen .

Several other antibiotics can be used in the treatment of syphilis , to good effect , but penicillin remains the drug of choice .
several other antibiotics can be used in the treatment of syphilis , to good effect , but penicillin [stays] the drug of choice .

This allergic reaction explains why , after successful treatment of the infection , itching may continue for some weeks because of the dead remains of the mite persisting under the skin .
this allergic reaction explains why , after successful treatment of the infection , itching may continue for some weeks because of the dead [stays] of the mite persisting under the skin .

This bottom time display remains on for three seconds , then reverts to normal dive display for 10 seconds , and so the sequence continues .
this bottom time display [stays] on for three seconds , then reverts to normal dive display for 10 seconds , and so the sequence continues .

After surfacing the Solution remains active and displays time elapsed since surfacing , time until complete desaturation , maximum depth and dive time of your last dive , and amount of available no-decompression time for planning the next dive .
after surfacing the solution [stays] active and displays time elapsed since surfacing , time until complete desaturation , maximum depth and dive time of your last dive , and amount of available no-decompression time for planning the next dive .

The unit remains active until desaturation is achieved , then turns itself off .
the unit [stays] active until desaturation is achieved , then turns itself off .

Alternatively , two divers can work from it while the standby diver remains on the surface .
alternatively , two divers can work from it while the standby diver [stays] on the surface .

The mini bell carries two divers , while the standby diver remains on the surface .
the mini bell carries two divers , while the standby diver [stays] on the surface .

But one diver always remains in the bell to act as bellman and , in an emergency , lock out and go to the divers ' aid .
but one diver always [stays] in the bell to act as bellman and , in an emergency , lock out and go to the divers ' aid .

The session was ramshackled by inexpertise ( remember , Morrissey had n't sung before and to this day he remains a non-singer .
the session was ramshackled by inexpertise ( remember , morrissey had n't sung before and to this day he [stays] a non-singer .

Just why ‘ This Charming Man ’ achieved the success denied to the stronger ‘ Hand In Glove ’ remains a mystery .
just why ‘ this charming man ’ achieved the success denied to the stronger ‘ hand in glove ’ [stays] a mystery .

To this day , this remains Morrissey 's proudest moment .
to this day , this [stays] morrissey 's proudest moment .

They have a cult status which remains something of an enigma — particularly in the North-west where they stand for all that is dreary and depressing .
they have a cult status which [stays] something of an enigma — particularly in the north-west where they stand for all that is dreary and depressing .

‘ Hatful Of Hollow ’ remains as a testament to that fact .
‘ hatful of hollow ’ [stays] as a testament to that fact .

The new sole may have a slightly different tread pattern or width but the shoe remains essentially the same .
the new sole may have a slightly different tread pattern or width but the shoe [stays] essentially the same .

Be it an O.Henry squib with a sting in its tail or a Chekhov mood piece , a good short story remains in the mind like no other form .
be it an o.henry squib with a sting in its tail or a chekhov mood piece , a good short story [stays] in the mind like no other form .

The lady in the story ( as plainly told as it is titled ) inexplicably turns , halfway through an ordinary afternoon , into a bright-eyed vixen ; and the man in the story , equally inexplicably , Boy thought , remains faithful to her and loves her dearly even when she leaves him in order to raise a family with another animal and he even , in the end , goes mad with love for her .
the lady in the story ( as plainly told as it is titled ) inexplicably turns , halfway through an ordinary afternoon , into a bright-eyed vixen ; and the man in the story , equally inexplicably , boy thought , [stays] faithful to her and loves her dearly even when she leaves him in order to raise a family with another animal and he even , in the end , goes mad with love for her .

When such monuments are reduced to ruins the surviving remains may appear a meaningless mixture of motifs borrowed from too many sources .
when such monuments are reduced to ruins the surviving [stays] may appear a meaningless mixture of motifs borrowed from too many sources .

The bodies of dead animals are devoured by other creatures large and small whose excreta and remains are , in their turn , returned to the soil .
the bodies of dead animals are devoured by other creatures large and small whose excreta and [stays] are , in their turn , returned to the soil .

The term ‘ permanent ’ is something of a misnomer , for the content of any pasture is constantly changing as conditions become more favourable for one species and less for another ; it applies only to the fact that a pasture remains in grass for an indefinite period .
the term ‘ permanent ’ is something of a misnomer , for the content of any pasture is constantly changing as conditions become more favourable for one species and less for another ; it applies only to the fact that a pasture [stays] in grass for an indefinite period .

Milan Station , designed in what one critic called ‘ a megalomaniac delirium ’ , remains a monument to the ambitious and grandiose aspirations of Italian Fascism .
milan station , designed in what one critic called ‘ a megalomaniac delirium ’ , [stays] a monument to the ambitious and grandiose aspirations of italian fascism .

Both Manchester Liverpool Road and Liverpool Crown Street stations , opened in 1830 , were essentially two-storey classical-style town houses , probably the work of the same architect , whose identity remains undiscovered .
both manchester liverpool road and liverpool crown street stations , opened in 1830 , were essentially two-storey classical-style town houses , probably the work of the same architect , whose identity [stays] undiscovered .

The Act of 1944 remains the one substantial legislative achievement of the wartime coalition .
the act of 1944 [stays] the one substantial legislative achievement of the wartime coalition .

Communally maintained for the benefit of all the residents , the setting of the house remains unchanged with a certainty that it will be looked after on a continuing basis .
communally maintained for the benefit of all the residents , the setting of the house [stays] unchanged with a certainty that it will be looked after on a continuing basis .

In addition he seeks covenants to ensure that surrounding parkland remains as pasture so that the wider country house landscape is assured protection .
in addition he seeks covenants to ensure that surrounding parkland [stays] as pasture so that the wider country house landscape is assured protection .

With such ancient remains , the first need is to accord them the same protection as other ancient monuments .
with such ancient [stays] , the first need is to accord them the same protection as other ancient monuments .

This is a very special but long-abandoned eighteenth-century garden , laid out on the remains of a medieval motte and bailey castle .
this is a very special but long-abandoned eighteenth-century garden , laid out on the [stays] of a medieval motte and bailey castle .

In the end , the compromise was to give permission for the new blocks of apartments , but to require that the remains of the grottoes be restored as a feature in the new development .
in the end , the compromise was to give permission for the new blocks of apartments , but to require that the [stays] of the grottoes be restored as a feature in the new development .

This the Commissioners accepted , and St John the Baptist remains part of the village scene at Avon Dassett .
this the commissioners accepted , and st john the baptist [stays] part of the village scene at avon dassett .

The question then arises as to what constitutes partial demolition . Can a major part of a church be demolished without consent on the grounds that part of it remains in ecclesiastical use ?
the question then arises as to what constitutes partial demolition . can a major part of a church be demolished without consent on the grounds that part of it [stays] in ecclesiastical use ?

The position of these churches remains unclear .
the position of these churches [stays] unclear .

Blind , connected with Rocco , have new wheels out called White Walls . Whether or not they are black with white sides remains to be seen …
blind , connected with rocco , have new wheels out called white walls . whether or not they are black with white sides [stays] to be seen …

Broadly , however , it remains true that marketing and programme categories provide the base point from which most critical work on film and television genre proceeds .
broadly , however , it [stays] true that marketing and programme categories provide the base point from which most critical work on film and television genre proceeds .

If the everyday , as Lefebvre defines it , is ‘ whatever remains after one has eliminated all specialized activity ’ , then it is important to acknowledge television as most characteristically a part of the everyday ( an everyday which , Lefebvre argues , is a historically limited phenomenon ) , characteristically occupying everyday time and only on ‘ special ’ occasions occupying ‘ special ’ time set aside for it and it alone .
if the everyday , as lefebvre defines it , is ‘ whatever [stays] after one has eliminated all specialized activity ’ , then it is important to acknowledge television as most characteristically a part of the everyday ( an everyday which , lefebvre argues , is a historically limited phenomenon ) , characteristically occupying everyday time and only on ‘ special ’ occasions occupying ‘ special ’ time set aside for it and it alone .

This meant that any extraction procedure was much cleaner and more satisfactory : the mould might provide some tiresome debris , but at least the medium did not add the viscous remains of stale meat soup .
this meant that any extraction procedure was much cleaner and more satisfactory : the mould might provide some tiresome debris , but at least the medium did not add the viscous [stays] of stale meat soup .

Its discovery was the result of prolonged studies of the microbes which exist in soil and survive by breaking down the remains of plants and animals , and by competition with each other .
its discovery was the result of prolonged studies of the microbes which exist in soil and survive by breaking down the [stays] of plants and animals , and by competition with each other .

It remains to be seen whether vaccines or chemotherapy will play a greater part in controlling the human immunodeficiency virus .
it [stays] to be seen whether vaccines or chemotherapy will play a greater part in controlling the human immunodeficiency virus .

Allopurinol has withstood substantial trials , and remains a standard drug for the treatment of gout .
allopurinol has withstood substantial trials , and [stays] a standard drug for the treatment of gout .

It is no disparagement of the successes which have been achieved to say that cancer remains , largely , unconquered .
it is no disparagement of the successes which have been achieved to say that cancer [stays] , largely , unconquered .

The back remains relatively stable .
the back [stays] relatively stable .

The back remains horizontal to the ground while the dog is moving or standing .
the back [stays] horizontal to the ground while the dog is moving or standing .

In a trot the forequarters and hindquarters are mutually co-ordinated while the back remains level , firm and relatively motionless .
in a trot the forequarters and hindquarters are mutually co-ordinated while the back [stays] level , firm and relatively motionless .

The civic services work , the new trees and flowers are well tended , the Greek and Roman remains are catalogued and cared for .
the civic services work , the new trees and flowers are well tended , the greek and roman [stays] are catalogued and cared for .

Late bluebells grew in profusion on the tumbled remains of the great mound .
late bluebells grew in profusion on the tumbled [stays] of the great mound .

One can of course see Colonel Airey 's point , although the fact remains that his Commando was unemployed at the time and Stirling was about to be required to undertake an important series of raids .
one can of course see colonel airey 's point , although the fact [stays] that his commando was unemployed at the time and stirling was about to be required to undertake an important series of raids .

It was said afterwards that the remains of the truck could have been packed into a kitbag .
it was said afterwards that the [stays] of the truck could have been packed into a kitbag .

They drove through the dreadful remains of a recent battle , the desert littered with burned-out vehicles and smashed equipment .
they drove through the dreadful [stays] of a recent battle , the desert littered with burned-out vehicles and smashed equipment .

Why Stirling and Maclean were invited remains a bit of a mystery , but it is probable that Randolph had mentioned them to his father .
why stirling and maclean were invited [stays] a bit of a mystery , but it is probable that randolph had mentioned them to his father .

The exact logic behind these dispersals remains obscure .
the exact logic behind these dispersals [stays] obscure .

And the relevance of Northern Ireland to the subversion of democracy in Britain remains mystified .
and the relevance of northern ireland to the subversion of democracy in britain [stays] mystified .

He took a mouthful of beer and swilled it round his mouth several times to rinse the remains of his meal from his teeth .
he took a mouthful of beer and swilled it round his mouth several times to rinse the [stays] of his meal from his teeth .

How much was the liberalisation worth on house prices ? In other words , how many people were constrained by credit rationing ? The question is important because it gives some clue as to the likely rise in the long-run house price to income ratio ( because demand for housing has shifted upwards , while supply remains relatively constant ) .
how much was the liberalisation worth on house prices ? in other words , how many people were constrained by credit rationing ? the question is important because it gives some clue as to the likely rise in the long-run house price to income ratio ( because demand for housing has shifted upwards , while supply [stays] relatively constant ) .

Because it lacks any tangible goals for the delivery and outcome of health care , it remains vulnerable to accusations of crude cost-curbing .
because it lacks any tangible goals for the delivery and outcome of health care , it [stays] vulnerable to accusations of crude cost-curbing .

Jonathan charts the painful break with union which it seems remains his first love — while Corrigan delves into the psychology of a man who temporarily split up with his wife , Karen , as a result of the grinding pressures of the modern game .
jonathan charts the painful break with union which it seems [stays] his first love — while corrigan delves into the psychology of a man who temporarily split up with his wife , karen , as a result of the grinding pressures of the modern game .

Father Keegans , whose own house was damaged as the remains of the plane exploded only yards away , said the 270 were deeply loved , sadly missed , ‘ and will always be remembered . ’
father keegans , whose own house was damaged as the [stays] of the plane exploded only yards away , said the 270 were deeply loved , sadly missed , ‘ and will always be remembered . ’

The theory sounds fine but there remains the problem of the deep cultural clash which the new government itself represents .
the theory sounds fine but there [stays] the problem of the deep cultural clash which the new government itself represents .

He wanted to read philosophy but the university refused him ; so did the cinema school and the drama faculty ( though to the amused admiration of his friends in the theatre , he did eventually attend , as a student , after the successful opening of The Garden Party , and when he had already completed his best play , The Memorandum ( which remains probaby his most effective play ) .
he wanted to read philosophy but the university refused him ; so did the cinema school and the drama faculty ( though to the amused admiration of his friends in the theatre , he did eventually attend , as a student , after the successful opening of the garden party , and when he had already completed his best play , the memorandum ( which [stays] probaby his most effective play ) .

Her skeletal remains were found then .
her skeletal [stays] were found then .

But he added : ‘ My goal remains — when the historic moment comes — the unity of the nation . ’
but he added : ‘ my goal [stays] — when the historic moment comes — the unity of the nation . ’

Thus the backbone of the side remains the same , running from Shilton in goal through Walker and Butcher at centre-back and Bryan Robson in midfield to Lineker up front .
thus the backbone of the side [stays] the same , running from shilton in goal through walker and butcher at centre-back and bryan robson in midfield to lineker up front .

It makes sense to retain Lineker , for though his rate of scoring may have dropped considerably over the past two years he remains the only England striker of sufficient class to succeed in Italy next summer .
it makes sense to retain lineker , for though his rate of scoring may have dropped considerably over the past two years he [stays] the only england striker of sufficient class to succeed in italy next summer .

Torrijos treaties , this part of Panama remains a formidable military affair .
torrijos treaties , this part of panama [stays] a formidable military affair .

And , incredibly , remains the only bowler in history to have taken all ten wickets in an innings in the Caribbean .
and , incredibly , [stays] the only bowler in history to have taken all ten wickets in an innings in the caribbean .

But money remains scarce for team strengthening .
but money [stays] scarce for team strengthening .

The Army established its ordnance depot in Bicester in 1941 , and as a result the town is the second largest population centre in the Cherwell district , yet , despite that expansion the town essentially remains a market town serving its rich agricultural hinterland .
the army established its ordnance depot in bicester in 1941 , and as a result the town is the second largest population centre in the cherwell district , yet , despite that expansion the town essentially [stays] a market town serving its rich agricultural hinterland .

Tension remains high in the other detention centres .
tension [stays] high in the other detention centres .

‘ The figures should help sterling in the short term , but given the size of the deficit , the pound remains vulnerable , ’ said one economist .
‘ the figures should help sterling in the short term , but given the size of the deficit , the pound [stays] vulnerable , ’ said one economist .

But the public remains ambivalent about the Prime Minister 's free-market policies and there are rumblings of union discontent and sporadic strikes .
but the public [stays] ambivalent about the prime minister 's free-market policies and there are rumblings of union discontent and sporadic strikes .

Mr Gyula Keszthelyi , the former editor of a Hungarian-language daily newspaper in the main Transylvanian town of Cluj , who fled to Hungary last year but remains in close contact with the region , says that there is now a serious row raging between the local pastors and the church hierarchy .
mr gyula keszthelyi , the former editor of a hungarian-language daily newspaper in the main transylvanian town of cluj , who fled to hungary last year but [stays] in close contact with the region , says that there is now a serious row raging between the local pastors and the church hierarchy .

Whether they get the computer software , dolls and musical instruments they asked him for remains to be seen .
whether they get the computer software , dolls and musical instruments they asked him for [stays] to be seen .

While the Grand Challenge Cup remains the blue riband open event , the Ladies ' Plate reverts to its 1984 qualification , being open to student clubs , with composite crews only admitted from colleges of a single university or two or more schools , and entries being cut from 32 to 16 .
while the grand challenge cup [stays] the blue riband open event , the ladies ' plate reverts to its 1984 qualification , being open to student clubs , with composite crews only admitted from colleges of a single university or two or more schools , and entries being cut from 32 to 16 .

For the Hungarian political parties , facing a general election in March , the issue is of great importance , while for the provisional government now in control in Bucharest the question of Romania 's sovereignty remains extremely sensitive .
for the hungarian political parties , facing a general election in march , the issue is of great importance , while for the provisional government now in control in bucharest the question of romania 's sovereignty [stays] extremely sensitive .

However , Timisoara remains crucial in Hungarian calculations as it was the best example of co-operation between all ethnic groups and a good omen for the future .
however , timisoara [stays] crucial in hungarian calculations as it was the best example of co-operation between all ethnic groups and a good omen for the future .

He remains the most notorious of a large group of retired Israeli intelligence and security men whose dubious activities in support of unsavoury regimes have embarrassed their own government .
he [stays] the most notorious of a large group of retired israeli intelligence and security men whose dubious activities in support of unsavoury regimes have embarrassed their own government .

’ Whether that offer of friendship extends to Ceausescu and his family remains to be seen .
’ whether that offer of friendship extends to ceausescu and his family [stays] to be seen .

Standard Vitara width of 64ins remains unchanged , but height is increased slightly to 67ins .
standard vitara width of 64ins [stays] unchanged , but height is increased slightly to 67ins .

It remains a glittering international occasion .
it [stays] a glittering international occasion .

Details of how it works can be found in the technical focus , but suffice to say the overall gearing remains the same as the four-speed ‘ box , with direct drive on fourth .
details of how it works can be found in the technical focus , but suffice to say the overall gearing [stays] the same as the four-speed ‘ box , with direct drive on fourth .

Saxon remains could still be found among the buildings , there is a Saxon crypt to the church , and the setting is hauntingly beautiful .
saxon [stays] could still be found among the buildings , there is a saxon crypt to the church , and the setting is hauntingly beautiful .

He wanted to be buried near Temple 's remains .
he wanted to be buried near temple 's [stays] .

And we have to remember that God always remains above the possibility of human words , even when those words are the words of inspired men or women .
and we have to remember that god always [stays] above the possibility of human words , even when those words are the words of inspired men or women .

The result is that religion and superstition centre their attention on the womb in an effort to explain away in terms of ‘ morality ’ what remains unexplained and unacceptable in terms of fact .
the result is that religion and superstition centre their attention on the womb in an effort to explain away in terms of ‘ morality ’ what [stays] unexplained and unacceptable in terms of fact .

It remains overshadowed by tension and the fear of violence and humiliation .
it [stays] overshadowed by tension and the fear of violence and humiliation .

In peasant societies outside Punjab — in Gujerat or Bangladesh — Izzat does not exist in quite the same form but the role of the woman remains almost identical .
in peasant societies outside punjab — in gujerat or bangladesh — izzat does not exist in quite the same form but the role of the woman [stays] almost identical .

The relationship between the size of a dowry and status makes the dowry system easily adaptable to a class society , which means that as the economies of the villages move unevenly towards capitalism the dowry system remains of vital significance both as an essential accompaniment to and a reflection of this change .
the relationship between the size of a dowry and status makes the dowry system easily adaptable to a class society , which means that as the economies of the villages move unevenly towards capitalism the dowry system [stays] of vital significance both as an essential accompaniment to and a reflection of this change .

In the Indian sub-continent the cities have colonised the villages and the rural communities have gradually been eroded until ( ideally for industrial capitalism ) nothing remains but a pool of reserve labour which can be drawn upon as and when it is needed .
in the indian sub-continent the cities have colonised the villages and the rural communities have gradually been eroded until ( ideally for industrial capitalism ) nothing [stays] but a pool of reserve labour which can be drawn upon as and when it is needed .

’ In Britain the attitude remains the same but the Dupatta is not quite so essential .
’ in britain the attitude [stays] the same but the dupatta is not quite so essential .

The maintaining of the male ego in perfect condition remains an essential activity of the nuclear family .
the maintaining of the male ego in perfect condition [stays] an essential activity of the nuclear family .

However engaging the film sequence is in its own right it remains Henry Fonda in a 1930s thriller , a captivating spectre , but a spectre nevertheless .
however engaging the film sequence is in its own right it [stays] henry fonda in a 1930s thriller , a captivating spectre , but a spectre nevertheless .

While wanting to dismiss the stereotyping and silly superstition , the snag remains that within all the ballyhoo there are elements of truth .
while wanting to dismiss the stereotyping and silly superstition , the snag [stays] that within all the ballyhoo there are elements of truth .

Even when allowance is made for a certain diversion of effort from new house-building to repair , and for the possibility that the average size of the houses built in 1947–9 is slightly above that of those built in 1934–8 , the contrast remains startling .
even when allowance is made for a certain diversion of effort from new house-building to repair , and for the possibility that the average size of the houses built in 1947–9 is slightly above that of those built in 1934–8 , the contrast [stays] startling .

There remains , therefore , only the factor of materials .
there [stays] , therefore , only the factor of materials .

Unfortunately nonsense remains , however many people accept or pretend to accept it ; and it has a nasty habit of exploding in a nation 's face with effects which can be as devastating as those of a nuclear weapon .
unfortunately nonsense [stays] , however many people accept or pretend to accept it ; and it has a nasty habit of exploding in a nation 's face with effects which can be as devastating as those of a nuclear weapon .

’ Pat proceeded to polish off the remainder of his breakfast , with grease from the remains of the rabbit trickling down the sides of his mouth .
’ pat proceeded to polish off the remainder of his breakfast , with grease from the [stays] of the rabbit trickling down the sides of his mouth .

As the smoke cleared and the dust settled , two fighter planes came in over the fields and circled the remains of the barn .
as the smoke cleared and the dust settled , two fighter planes came in over the fields and circled the [stays] of the barn .

Callinicos ' own apology about publishing yet another study of an over-worked subject notwithstanding , it remains an important contemporary debate .
callinicos ' own apology about publishing yet another study of an over-worked subject notwithstanding , it [stays] an important contemporary debate .

The critique of art as an institution is continuous with earlier formations ( including early Surrealism and Russian Constructivism ) , but Levin remains unclear in his definition of Debord 's avant-gardism .
the critique of art as an institution is continuous with earlier formations ( including early surrealism and russian constructivism ) , but levin [stays] unclear in his definition of debord 's avant-gardism .

The temptation is to view these publications and the exhibition as a proliferation of surfaces which are in a sense pretty vacant reminders that despite the essentially teleological nature of the Situationist project , it is now immobilised and its documents merely a contribution to culture as the spectacular remains of an abandoned revolutionary ideal .
the temptation is to view these publications and the exhibition as a proliferation of surfaces which are in a sense pretty vacant reminders that despite the essentially teleological nature of the situationist project , it is now immobilised and its documents merely a contribution to culture as the spectacular [stays] of an abandoned revolutionary ideal .

All four are united by a healthy disrespect for dominant tastes and the remains of a reputation for exposing new talent before the industry finds it .
all four are united by a healthy disrespect for dominant tastes and the [stays] of a reputation for exposing new talent before the industry finds it .

Today it remains to be seen whether Museveni 's essentially centralist approach will be more successful than its predecessors .
today it [stays] to be seen whether museveni 's essentially centralist approach will be more successful than its predecessors .

Nyerere 's reputation as an individual remains high and was reinforced by his decision to resign as president in late 1985 .
nyerere 's reputation as an individual [stays] high and was reinforced by his decision to resign as president in late 1985 .

In Ivory Coast the transfer of ownership has been essentially from the foreign private investor to the local private investor : government remains the owner of 50 per cent of corporate capital ( as it has been since the 1960s ) and the foreign investors ' share has been reduced to 30 per cent , with the local private sector taking the remainder .
in ivory coast the transfer of ownership has been essentially from the foreign private investor to the local private investor : government [stays] the owner of 50 per cent of corporate capital ( as it has been since the 1960s ) and the foreign investors ' share has been reduced to 30 per cent , with the local private sector taking the remainder .

The underlying position remains one in which most of the rural population i.e .
the underlying position [stays] one in which most of the rural population i.e .

Most countries now have to build on an economy in which the productive assets are very run down , and even more importantly , in which a political consensus remains elusive .
most countries now have to build on an economy in which the productive assets are very run down , and even more importantly , in which a political consensus [stays] elusive .

Air Marshal Sir Charles Soutar completed his term as Chairman of Central Council and remains a Vice President .
air marshal sir charles soutar completed his term as chairman of central council and [stays] a vice president .

It remains very conscious of the need for advertising revenues .
it [stays] very conscious of the need for advertising revenues .

There has apparently been some misunderstanding about the future of this Club and we have been asked to reassure members that the Club is continuing and that eligibility remains as before .
there has apparently been some misunderstanding about the future of this club and we have been asked to reassure members that the club is continuing and that eligibility [stays] as before .

Much of this remains true today .
much of this [stays] true today .

Although professionalism was restricted and most governing sports bodies held themselves aloof from the pursuit of profit , the impression remains that sport soon became part of a ‘ leisure , industry catering for the needs of a new kind of urban consumer .
although professionalism was restricted and most governing sports bodies held themselves aloof from the pursuit of profit , the impression [stays] that sport soon became part of a ‘ leisure , industry catering for the needs of a new kind of urban consumer .

This leads naturally to another key point : whatever social or political meanings are attached to sport by different groups , participation remains intensely sociable and largely organized around the institution of the individual ‘ club ’ — a neglected social creation of the Victorians .
this leads naturally to another key point : whatever social or political meanings are attached to sport by different groups , participation [stays] intensely sociable and largely organized around the institution of the individual ‘ club ’ — a neglected social creation of the victorians .

Eight years after its launch , the 205 remains among the front-runners at the top of the small hatchback class .
eight years after its launch , the 205 [stays] among the front-runners at the top of the small hatchback class .

Glass-fibre remains an inexpensive and effective reinforcement material , but in recent years it has been upstaged by Kevlar and carbon fibre , two stronger but more costly materials that owe their high profile largely to their use in formula racing cars .
glass-fibre [stays] an inexpensive and effective reinforcement material , but in recent years it has been upstaged by kevlar and carbon fibre , two stronger but more costly materials that owe their high profile largely to their use in formula racing cars .

Curing time nevertheless remains one of the barriers to composites ' mass production , even though , as Lotus 's Albert Adams is quick to point out , what comes out of a steel press is far from being a complete car body .
curing time nevertheless [stays] one of the barriers to composites ' mass production , even though , as lotus 's albert adams is quick to point out , what comes out of a steel press is far from being a complete car body .

Today , the Dino Berlinetta Speciale remains a fascinating design , aggressive without being just a road-going version of a racing Ferrari and rich in class and atmosphere like all the outstanding Pininfarina designs .
today , the dino berlinetta speciale [stays] a fascinating design , aggressive without being just a road-going version of a racing ferrari and rich in class and atmosphere like all the outstanding pininfarina designs .

In Eliot 's poem the status of God as objet d'art is stressed ( ‘ And there above the painter set / The Father and the Paraclete ’ ) so that for all that we may penetrate beyond that either to gesso ground or vestiges of primitive fertility ceremony , the ultimate point of origin , the postulated God , is to be explained simply in terms of sexuality , or else remains unreachable and inexplicable .
in eliot 's poem the status of god as objet d'art is stressed ( ‘ and there above the painter set / the father and the paraclete ’ ) so that for all that we may penetrate beyond that either to gesso ground or vestiges of primitive fertility ceremony , the ultimate point of origin , the postulated god , is to be explained simply in terms of sexuality , or else [stays] unreachable and inexplicable .

The action takes place thousands of miles from ‘ the perennial roar of London ’ , but the reader remains very much aware of London and the civilization it stands for as moral standards crumble ; ‘ savage ’ and ‘ white man ’ become confused until the conduct of the whites , intent on mutual destruction , seems worse than that of ‘ these poor souls — and even Sally Day , the child of cannibals , in all likelihood a cannibal himself — so faithful to what they knew of good ’ .
the action takes place thousands of miles from ‘ the perennial roar of london ’ , but the reader [stays] very much aware of london and the civilization it stands for as moral standards crumble ; ‘ savage ’ and ‘ white man ’ become confused until the conduct of the whites , intent on mutual destruction , seems worse than that of ‘ these poor souls — and even sally day , the child of cannibals , in all likelihood a cannibal himself — so faithful to what they knew of good ’ .

This search for an explanation of the civilised by the primitive , of the advanced by the retrograde , of the surface by the ‘ depths ’ is a modern phenomenon … But it remains questionable whether the civilised man , the order of truth .
this search for an explanation of the civilised by the primitive , of the advanced by the retrograde , of the surface by the ‘ depths ’ is a modern phenomenon … but it [stays] questionable whether the civilised man , the order of truth .

The valley of the dry bones and the life-giving water of baptism are traditional Christian symbols , but Eliot remains aware of other similar more primitive traditions which lead him to invoke the Virgin in unusual terms :
the valley of the dry bones and the life-giving water of baptism are traditional christian symbols , but eliot [stays] aware of other similar more primitive traditions which lead him to invoke the virgin in unusual terms :

In 1928 he returned to the ‘ Stones of London ’ , emphasizing that even when approaching a church building ( here Westminster Abbey ) as a historical monument of major symbolic value and aesthetic interest , the fact could not be ignored that , poets ' corner or no , ‘ the Abbey was not originally designed primarily as a Pantheon , but as a Church ; and a Church it remains until it is ‘ disaffected ’ .
in 1928 he returned to the ‘ stones of london ’ , emphasizing that even when approaching a church building ( here westminster abbey ) as a historical monument of major symbolic value and aesthetic interest , the fact could not be ignored that , poets ' corner or no , ‘ the abbey was not originally designed primarily as a pantheon , but as a church ; and a church it [stays] until it is ‘ disaffected ’ .

Defending the family as the centre of human life and the village as the basic social unit Eliot expresses his preference for London over other cities since it remains characteristically made up of a collection of villages whose borders touch , each maintaining its own local character .
defending the family as the centre of human life and the village as the basic social unit eliot expresses his preference for london over other cities since it [stays] characteristically made up of a collection of villages whose borders touch , each maintaining its own local character .

Eliot sees London as unusual among big cities in having grown up gradually out of a grouping of villages and concludes that ‘ there is something about England which remains stubbornly attached to the parochial ’ .
eliot sees london as unusual among big cities in having grown up gradually out of a grouping of villages and concludes that ‘ there is something about england which [stays] stubbornly attached to the parochial ’ .

Conrad remains always the European observer of the tropics , the white man 's eye contemplating the Congo and its black gods .
conrad [stays] always the european observer of the tropics , the white man 's eye contemplating the congo and its black gods .

On the other side sceptics point out that the Conservative share of the vote in the 1983 and 1987 elections is below that in the 1960s and they point to the several opinion surveys which show that popular support for collective values remains high .
on the other side sceptics point out that the conservative share of the vote in the 1983 and 1987 elections is below that in the 1960s and they point to the several opinion surveys which show that popular support for collective values [stays] high .

Among more radical monetarists and free marketeers there remains disappointment that the government had not done more to shift the middle ground .
among more radical monetarists and free marketeers there [stays] disappointment that the government had not done more to shift the middle ground .

In spite of the shift to the political right there remains widespread support for state-funded programmes in education and health and for those which are targeted at the poor and the old .
in spite of the shift to the political right there [stays] widespread support for state-funded programmes in education and health and for those which are targeted at the poor and the old .

As we shall see , the reversal remains inadequate in that it conceives of homophobia in mainly psychosexual terms , and phobic ones at that .
as we shall see , the reversal [stays] inadequate in that it conceives of homophobia in mainly psychosexual terms , and phobic ones at that .

But even this important distinction between the psychoanalytic and the materialist account is complicated by another equally important convergence : since , in cultural terms , desiring the normal is inseparable from and conditional upon not desiring the abnormal , repression remains central to identity , individual and cultural , even — or indeed especially — for the materialist view of homophobia as a strategy of social control .
but even this important distinction between the psychoanalytic and the materialist account is complicated by another equally important convergence : since , in cultural terms , desiring the normal is inseparable from and conditional upon not desiring the abnormal , repression [stays] central to identity , individual and cultural , even — or indeed especially — for the materialist view of homophobia as a strategy of social control .

In both cases the repressed/ excluded remains subjectively/socially central .
in both cases the repressed/ excluded [stays] subjectively/socially central .

But the complement remains forever out of reach and desire thereby becomes , for Lacan , a kind of ‘ derangement ’ , with the subject ‘ caught in the rails — eternally stretching forth towards the desire for something else — of metonymy ’ ( Écrits , 167 ) .
but the complement [stays] forever out of reach and desire thereby becomes , for lacan , a kind of ‘ derangement ’ , with the subject ‘ caught in the rails — eternally stretching forth towards the desire for something else — of metonymy ’ ( écrits , 167 ) .

The influence of the semiotic model within psychoanalysis is important but , as we shall see , it is often incorporated into sexual difference theory in a form which manages to exclude what the model is especially sensitive to , namely the way oppositions which constitute meaning are fundamentally binary , yet can not ultimately be contained in and by binary closure even as , in practice , the binary remains a fundamental principle of social and psychic ordering .
the influence of the semiotic model within psychoanalysis is important but , as we shall see , it is often incorporated into sexual difference theory in a form which manages to exclude what the model is especially sensitive to , namely the way oppositions which constitute meaning are fundamentally binary , yet can not ultimately be contained in and by binary closure even as , in practice , the binary [stays] a fundamental principle of social and psychic ordering .

Whatever , Mitchell 's remark suggests how , even when recognized as a fact of culture rather than biology , sexual difference remains fairly absolute within psychoanalytic theory .
whatever , mitchell 's remark suggests how , even when recognized as a fact of culture rather than biology , sexual difference [stays] fairly absolute within psychoanalytic theory .

For Judith Butler this renders the Lacanian narrative ‘ ideologically suspect ’ in that it remains rooted in ‘ a romanticization or , indeed , a religious idealization of ‘ failure ' ’ , humility and limitation before the Law ' ( Gender Trouble , 56 ) .
for judith butler this renders the lacanian narrative ‘ ideologically suspect ’ in that it [stays] rooted in ‘ a romanticization or , indeed , a religious idealization of ‘ failure ' ’ , humility and limitation before the law ' ( gender trouble , 56 ) .

And , of the instinctual components necessarily repressed and sublimated in the service of culture , the coprophilic is one of the most significant , says Freud : ‘ the excremental is all too intimately and inseparably bound up with the sexual ; the position of the genitals — inter urinas et faeces — remains the decisive and unchangeable factor ’ ( vii .
and , of the instinctual components necessarily repressed and sublimated in the service of culture , the coprophilic is one of the most significant , says freud : ‘ the excremental is all too intimately and inseparably bound up with the sexual ; the position of the genitals — inter urinas et faeces — [stays] the decisive and unchangeable factor ’ ( vii .

Yet the effect of the repression of such perversions always remains , and ‘ can be detected in sexual activity in the form of nonsatisfaction ’ , even while their sublimation leads , says Freud once again , ‘ to the noblest cultural achievements ’ ( vii .
yet the effect of the repression of such perversions always [stays] , and ‘ can be detected in sexual activity in the form of nonsatisfaction ’ , even while their sublimation leads , says freud once again , ‘ to the noblest cultural achievements ’ ( vii .

Undoubtedly the perception of the homosexual as feminized remains strangely disturbing — the supreme symbol , in the eyes of those like Norman Mailer , of a range of deep failures including the demise of masculinity , the abdication of masculine power , the desire for self-destruction , and , beyond that , the loss of difference .
undoubtedly the perception of the homosexual as feminized [stays] strangely disturbing — the supreme symbol , in the eyes of those like norman mailer , of a range of deep failures including the demise of masculinity , the abdication of masculine power , the desire for self-destruction , and , beyond that , the loss of difference .

Masculinity can be problematized , even feminized , so long as homosexuality remains as its defining other .
masculinity can be problematized , even feminized , so long as homosexuality [stays] as its defining other .

In fact Rochlin 's theory of heterosexual masculinity remains dependent on a precise and hostile positioning of the homosexual vis-à-vis the heterosexual male .
in fact rochlin 's theory of heterosexual masculinity [stays] dependent on a precise and hostile positioning of the homosexual vis-à-vis the heterosexual male .

Rainoldes apart , the transgressions associated with the boy players , be they actual or imagined , rendered the theatrical self-consciousness surrounding transvestism complex and shifting ; it provoked questions teasingly unanswerable : for example — and this is a question which remains intriguing for us today — which , or how many , of the several gender identities embodied in any one figure are in play at any one time ?
rainoldes apart , the transgressions associated with the boy players , be they actual or imagined , rendered the theatrical self-consciousness surrounding transvestism complex and shifting ; it provoked questions teasingly unanswerable : for example — and this is a question which [stays] intriguing for us today — which , or how many , of the several gender identities embodied in any one figure are in play at any one time ?

Even so , the question remains : why does the sexually jeaLous male envisage his rival so erotically ?
even so , the question [stays] : why does the sexually jealous male envisage his rival so erotically ?

Like the cross-dressing explored in the last chapter , gender inversion remains controversial because it allegedly only inverts , rather than displaces , the gender binary .
like the cross-dressing explored in the last chapter , gender inversion [stays] controversial because it allegedly only inverts , rather than displaces , the gender binary .

But a residual effect of the ‘ privatizing ’ of sexuality , and in particular of the construction of sexual deviance as an identity , a pathology of being , rather than a kind of behaviour in principle open to all , is that the challenge to this construction often itself remains imprisoned by the public/private dichotomy .
but a residual effect of the ‘ privatizing ’ of sexuality , and in particular of the construction of sexual deviance as an identity , a pathology of being , rather than a kind of behaviour in principle open to all , is that the challenge to this construction often itself [stays] imprisoned by the public/private dichotomy .

Most significantly , an ahistorical , largely theoretical , emphasis on cultural difference remains limited .
most significantly , an ahistorical , largely theoretical , emphasis on cultural difference [stays] limited .

Even though homosexuality as such remains muted , subsumed into an ‘ other bisexuality ’ , it is here nevertheless explicitly and exceptionally identified as a creative otherness :
even though homosexuality as such [stays] muted , subsumed into an ‘ other bisexuality ’ , it is here nevertheless explicitly and exceptionally identified as a creative otherness :

And if , as so oft en , ecstasy obliterates the specificity of the landscape which simultaneously enables and absorbs it , this is not only because ecstasy is of its nature blind ; it is also because what we repudiate remains with us as partial blindness to what we embrace in its stead .
and if , as so oft en , ecstasy obliterates the specificity of the landscape which simultaneously enables and absorbs it , this is not only because ecstasy is of its nature blind ; it is also because what we repudiate [stays] with us as partial blindness to what we embrace in its stead .

Whether its influence was large or small remains to be seen .
whether its influence was large or small [stays] to be seen .

These histories , it was believed , could be constructed by looking at the available information on primitive peoples , past and present , whether from archaeological remains , from classical accounts of early institutions , such as those given by Tacitus concerning the German tribes of Roman times , or early Greece and Rome themselves , or , most importantly , from the reports of travellers , explorers , colonists and missionaries , describing contemporary primitives .
these histories , it was believed , could be constructed by looking at the available information on primitive peoples , past and present , whether from archaeological [stays] , from classical accounts of early institutions , such as those given by tacitus concerning the german tribes of roman times , or early greece and rome themselves , or , most importantly , from the reports of travellers , explorers , colonists and missionaries , describing contemporary primitives .

In contrast to The German Ideology reference to the tribal stage has been dropped but the centrality of class struggle remains .
in contrast to the german ideology reference to the tribal stage has been dropped but the centrality of class struggle [stays] .

This property is , however , not conceptualized as something in itself ( a kind of mystical link between people and things as it is with fully developed private property ) because it remains only an aspect of the social relations of which the tribe consists .
this property is , however , not conceptualized as something in itself ( a kind of mystical link between people and things as it is with fully developed private property ) because it [stays] only an aspect of the social relations of which the tribe consists .

This Germanic organization remains extremely vague in Formen and the reason seems to come from the paucity and dubiousness of Marx 's sources for the construction of this mode of production .
this germanic organization [stays] extremely vague in formen and the reason seems to come from the paucity and dubiousness of marx 's sources for the construction of this mode of production .

‘ Thus the structure of the economic elements of the society ( the local communities ) remains unaffected by the ups and downs in the political weather .
‘ thus the structure of the economic elements of the society ( the local communities ) [stays] unaffected by the ups and downs in the political weather .

Marx seems to suggest that the gens can actually co-exist with de-facto familial groupings and stable sexual relationships , but these familial groupings are not the basis of political and economic organization , and so the ‘ constitution ’ of the tribe remains communal .
marx seems to suggest that the gens can actually co-exist with de-facto familial groupings and stable sexual relationships , but these familial groupings are not the basis of political and economic organization , and so the ‘ constitution ’ of the tribe [stays] communal .

The first stage however remains nothing more than an extrapolation from the overall pattern of evolution Morgan believed he had discovered .
the first stage however [stays] nothing more than an extrapolation from the overall pattern of evolution morgan believed he had discovered .

In this way Engels asserts the generality of the principles discussed , but also he explains the importance of what he believed were remains of gentile principles in the organization of Greece and Rome .
in this way engels asserts the generality of the principles discussed , but also he explains the importance of what he believed were [stays] of gentile principles in the organization of greece and rome .

( He does admit however that these remains were — in historical times at least — linked to patrilineal groups ; rather odd inheritors of the principles of the matrilineal gens . )
( he does admit however that these [stays] were — in historical times at least — linked to patrilineal groups ; rather odd inheritors of the principles of the matrilineal gens . )

The importance which Engels attributed to this came entirely from his anthropological sources and really reflects an old-fashioned type of archaeology obsessed with material remains rather than with the general way of life .
the importance which engels attributed to this came entirely from his anthropological sources and really reflects an old-fashioned type of archaeology obsessed with material [stays] rather than with the general way of life .

None the less the fact remains that the presence of descent groups tells us nothing directly about domestic organization .
none the less the fact [stays] that the presence of descent groups tells us nothing directly about domestic organization .

Morgan still remains the main authority on the Iroquois , but the real problem for the general theory is that confederations of the Iroquois type are not found in many places .
morgan still [stays] the main authority on the iroquois , but the real problem for the general theory is that confederations of the iroquois type are not found in many places .

The difference to which he was drawing our attention , therefore , remains a fundamental one between the types of society Marx was distinguishing by this means .
the difference to which he was drawing our attention , therefore , [stays] a fundamental one between the types of society marx was distinguishing by this means .

In a statement , the foreign ministers said political and economic reforms in Poland and Hungary had made considerable progress but added : ‘ The process remains fragile and could be called into question by economic problems .
in a statement , the foreign ministers said political and economic reforms in poland and hungary had made considerable progress but added : ‘ the process [stays] fragile and could be called into question by economic problems .

It remains to be seen how much Biggs has got left and even Duff has made mistakes .
it [stays] to be seen how much biggs has got left and even duff has made mistakes .

It remains to be seen whether they will still be in business to take the show to London in April ; it looks as if the outcome of the Northern group may rest on the Roses game later in the month .
it [stays] to be seen whether they will still be in business to take the show to london in april ; it looks as if the outcome of the northern group may rest on the roses game later in the month .

The composition of any Palestinian delegation remains one of two crucial issues at the heart of Likud 's opposition to the 10 points put forward by President Mubarak of Egypt and devised as clarifications of Israel 's own initiative .
the composition of any palestinian delegation [stays] one of two crucial issues at the heart of likud 's opposition to the 10 points put forward by president mubarak of egypt and devised as clarifications of israel 's own initiative .

Mrs Thatcher has made it clear that Britain remains as adamantly opposed as ever to sanctions and has no intention of joining in new measures against South Africa .
mrs thatcher has made it clear that britain [stays] as adamantly opposed as ever to sanctions and has no intention of joining in new measures against south africa .

It remains unclear to what extent the rebels thought they were operating with America 's blessing .
it [stays] unclear to what extent the rebels thought they were operating with america 's blessing .

Whatever his increasingly evident misdeeds , he remains to many Filipinos a man of the people .
whatever his increasingly evident misdeeds , he [stays] to many filipinos a man of the people .

His exact involvement , if any , with Lin Biao 's purported plot remains — like the entire episode - shrouded in mystery .
his exact involvement , if any , with lin biao 's purported plot [stays] — like the entire episode - shrouded in mystery .

To this day the party has never quite healed the deep wounds left by what remains probably its most traumatic internal crisis .
to this day the party has never quite healed the deep wounds left by what [stays] probably its most traumatic internal crisis .

In an unusual concession to a man once pilloried daily for his association with the Cultural Revolution and Mao 's despised widow Jiang Qing , his remains were cremated at Peking 's Babaoshan cemetery , a privilege normally reserved for senior cadres .
in an unusual concession to a man once pilloried daily for his association with the cultural revolution and mao 's despised widow jiang qing , his [stays] were cremated at peking 's babaoshan cemetery , a privilege normally reserved for senior cadres .

His fieldwork in England and Wales led him to visit virtually every castle with visible remains , from humble earthwork upwards , culminating in the publication of his Castellarium Anglicanum ( 1983 ) .
his fieldwork in england and wales led him to visit virtually every castle with visible [stays] , from humble earthwork upwards , culminating in the publication of his castellarium anglicanum ( 1983 ) .

So it remains the case that everyone earning over the threshold has to pay contributions on every pound earned , up to the ceiling of £325 a week .
so it [stays] the case that everyone earning over the threshold has to pay contributions on every pound earned , up to the ceiling of £325 a week .

The society remains committed to its 700-strong chain , though it said plans to create some new offices had been mothballed .
the society [stays] committed to its 700-strong chain , though it said plans to create some new offices had been mothballed .

For the past 300 years the substantial remains of one of medieval England 's most important fortresses have lain hidden beneath part of the city centre .
for the past 300 years the substantial [stays] of one of medieval england 's most important fortresses have lain hidden beneath part of the city centre .

It remains background music , and not just because , in Keith Turnbull 's tidy production , the players are neatly packed away behind Gavin Semple 's wonderful , octopoid hotel boiler .
it [stays] background music , and not just because , in keith turnbull 's tidy production , the players are neatly packed away behind gavin semple 's wonderful , octopoid hotel boiler .

Today he has shed a good deal of that ideology — his speech yesterday was social democratic through and through — but he remains devoid of the work experience relevant to his next task which is to convince the country that he , and Labour , are qualified to form the next government .
today he has shed a good deal of that ideology — his speech yesterday was social democratic through and through — but he [stays] devoid of the work experience relevant to his next task which is to convince the country that he , and labour , are qualified to form the next government .

Two goals remain — a state visit to Britain ( little hope there , but a visit by some crowned head to East Germany remains a burning ambition ) , and to the President of the United States in the White House .
two goals remain — a state visit to britain ( little hope there , but a visit by some crowned head to east germany [stays] a burning ambition ) , and to the president of the united states in the white house .

Nomura , the Japanese owned securities house , remains bullish .
nomura , the japanese owned securities house , [stays] bullish .

Trading remains tough with like for like sales down 2.5 per cent since 1 August at Next Retail .
trading [stays] tough with like for like sales down 2.5 per cent since 1 august at next retail .

Designed unfashionably from the inside out ( Erskine remains a committed Modernist ) , the building should provide some of the most relaxed office space in London .
designed unfashionably from the inside out ( erskine [stays] a committed modernist ) , the building should provide some of the most relaxed office space in london .

Fifty miles inland , the remains of the wartime government 's fall-back line of defence still survives , mostly along the line of the Kennett-Avon canal .
fifty miles inland , the [stays] of the wartime government 's fall-back line of defence still survives , mostly along the line of the kennett-avon canal .

‘ When you have eliminated the impossible , whatever remains , however improbable , must be the truth ’ .
‘ when you have eliminated the impossible , whatever [stays] , however improbable , must be the truth ’ .

There remains one last letter dated September 1767 amongst those examined for this chapter .
there [stays] one last letter dated september 1767 amongst those examined for this chapter .

The charred remains of many books fell near his home and even as far away as Windsor .
the charred [stays] of many books fell near his home and even as far away as windsor .

In an era of violent conflict , his long struggle for peace with the white man remains one of the most inspiring stories of the time .
in an era of violent conflict , his long struggle for peace with the white man [stays] one of the most inspiring stories of the time .

Archaeological remains indicate that the Nez Perce 's ancestors occupied caves in the region over 8000 years ago .
archaeological [stays] indicate that the nez perce 's ancestors occupied caves in the region over 8000 years ago .

It was discovered that , under about thirty feet of vegetable loam , there existed one of the most fascinating graveyards , containing the remains of early animals which had hunted , fed and drank in the swamps .
it was discovered that , under about thirty feet of vegetable loam , there existed one of the most fascinating graveyards , containing the [stays] of early animals which had hunted , fed and drank in the swamps .

The Duke arranged for a long avenue Or lime trees to be planted alongside a driveway leading from the main road that ran westward from London ( Chiswick High Road ) and sweeping into his Chiswick House grounds and , despite having been cut in two by the dual carriageway of the Great West Road Extension , it still remains as Dukes Avenue .
the duke arranged for a long avenue or lime trees to be planted alongside a driveway leading from the main road that ran westward from london ( chiswick high road ) and sweeping into his chiswick house grounds and , despite having been cut in two by the dual carriageway of the great west road extension , it still [stays] as dukes avenue .

The only other customers in the ‘ Ravel ’ that afternoon were a musician with a small Irish fiddle and his companion , a tall skeletal man with the remains of what had once been an extremely fine hat , crammed down over his greasy locks .
the only other customers in the ‘ ravel ’ that afternoon were a musician with a small irish fiddle and his companion , a tall skeletal man with the [stays] of what had once been an extremely fine hat , crammed down over his greasy locks .

Their price of £4,000 to anyone who could find a typographical error in their works remains unclaimed to this day .
their price of £4,000 to anyone who could find a typographical error in their works [stays] unclaimed to this day .

‘ Here 's your other colleeg coming , surr ! ’ Mr Bragg nodded towards a lean figure picking his way towards them among the splintered remains of the wooden rollers .
‘ here 's your other colleeg coming , surr ! ’ mr bragg nodded towards a lean figure picking his way towards them among the splintered [stays] of the wooden rollers .

When they broke down the door the remains of her body were found scattered over the floor .
when they broke down the door the [stays] of her body were found scattered over the floor .

The remains of the sculpture slipped through his arms , and he sank onto the sharp iron prong .
the [stays] of the sculpture slipped through his arms , and he sank onto the sharp iron prong .

But it remains greater in every region compared with a year ago .
but it [stays] greater in every region compared with a year ago .

The difference remains when the age at which they die is taken into account .
the difference [stays] when the age at which they die is taken into account .

It remains to be seen to what extent they can be applied to social work .
it [stays] to be seen to what extent they can be applied to social work .

Whilst the political influence of rural areas has declined relatively , the farming community remains a disproportionately strong pressure group in most countries .
whilst the political influence of rural areas has declined relatively , the farming community [stays] a disproportionately strong pressure group in most countries .

Because the lithium hydroxide is insoluble in the organic phase , it remains within the micelle .
because the lithium hydroxide is insoluble in the organic phase , it [stays] within the micelle .

The use of zeolites in soil treatment remains one of the options we are actively exploring , as we made clear in our article ; none of the possibilities we discussed have been ruled out .
the use of zeolites in soil treatment [stays] one of the options we are actively exploring , as we made clear in our article ; none of the possibilities we discussed have been ruled out .

Meanwhile Twist And Turn remains a 25–1 chance for the Ever Ready Derby with Ladbrokes following a gutsy win from Young Senor in the Feilden Stakes .
meanwhile twist and turn [stays] a 25–1 chance for the ever ready derby with ladbrokes following a gutsy win from young senor in the feilden stakes .

If adopted next year , the county programme will start nine days later than would be the case if the present structure remains .
if adopted next year , the county programme will start nine days later than would be the case if the present structure [stays] .

The interpretation intended by Seebohm remains uncertain and as with much legislative debate it may be less than profitable to seek exactitude in a vague formulation .
the interpretation intended by seebohm [stays] uncertain and as with much legislative debate it may be less than profitable to seek exactitude in a vague formulation .

It remains to discuss how they might be characterized , interpreted , and used as a basis for further work .
it [stays] to discuss how they might be characterized , interpreted , and used as a basis for further work .

These qualifications made , there remains a set of findings difficult to reconcile with Howe 's ( 1986 ) proposition that ‘ the work controls the worker ’ — though admittedly this was advanced in a context which excluded the kind of organizational influences the present work has begun to tackle .
these qualifications made , there [stays] a set of findings difficult to reconcile with howe 's ( 1986 ) proposition that ‘ the work controls the worker ’ — though admittedly this was advanced in a context which excluded the kind of organizational influences the present work has begun to tackle .

Giving priority to developmental work was appropriate in the circumstances of Nottinghamshire in the mid-eighties and still remains so in many respects .
giving priority to developmental work was appropriate in the circumstances of nottinghamshire in the mid-eighties and still [stays] so in many respects .

In the conclusions we shall argue that the origins of these issues can be found in the earlier post-war period of child care policy , and that it remains doubtful whether this new legislation alone can resolve them .
in the conclusions we shall argue that the origins of these issues can be found in the earlier post-war period of child care policy , and that it [stays] doubtful whether this new legislation alone can resolve them .

But the child still remains centre stage .
but the child still [stays] centre stage .

As the Children Act waits , poised for implementation , it remains to speculate on how significant and successful it is likely to be : and it is tempting to do so with benefit of hindsight in the context of all the discarded child care legislation of the past forty years .
as the children act waits , poised for implementation , it [stays] to speculate on how significant and successful it is likely to be : and it is tempting to do so with benefit of hindsight in the context of all the discarded child care legislation of the past forty years .

The German approach to child welfare was and remains characterized by three fundamental principles :
the german approach to child welfare was and [stays] characterized by three fundamental principles :

( ii ) German social policy remains firmly based on the principle of subsidiarity .
( ii ) german social policy [stays] firmly based on the principle of subsidiarity .

Support for the family 's own pedagogical tasks remains the avowed cornerstone of the Act .
support for the family 's own pedagogical tasks [stays] the avowed cornerstone of the act .

The 1990 Act remains firmly within the philosophy and structure of welfare provision characteristic of Germany for the past 100 years .
the 1990 act [stays] firmly within the philosophy and structure of welfare provision characteristic of germany for the past 100 years .

The meaning of prevention in the new Children Act is multifaceted and it remains to be seen how it will be operationalized .
the meaning of prevention in the new children act is multifaceted and it [stays] to be seen how it will be operationalized .

Whilst a more sophisticated classification system operates in the Netherlands , the precise nature of the services offered often remains unclear ( Ploeg and Scholte , 1988 ) .
whilst a more sophisticated classification system operates in the netherlands , the precise nature of the services offered often [stays] unclear ( ploeg and scholte , 1988 ) .

However , despite their steady growth , the provision of day centres and independent living under supervision remains limited .
however , despite their steady growth , the provision of day centres and independent living under supervision [stays] limited .

However , the geographical spread of services in Flanders remains uneven ( Hellinckx and Munter , 1990 ) .
however , the geographical spread of services in flanders [stays] uneven ( hellinckx and munter , 1990 ) .

Nevertheless , much remains to be done .
nevertheless , much [stays] to be done .

In conclusion , these are early days and there is a lot that still remains to be learned about adoption with contact as far as the children are concerned .
in conclusion , these are early days and there is a lot that still [stays] to be learned about adoption with contact as far as the children are concerned .

We have no way of knowing how much wider support this view would command among other birth parents so at the moment it remains a hypothesis for further testing , that is .
we have no way of knowing how much wider support this view would command among other birth parents so at the moment it [stays] a hypothesis for further testing , that is .

Charles also concerned himself with building , and actually helped to design his major cathedral at Aachen , part of which remains today .
charles also concerned himself with building , and actually helped to design his major cathedral at aachen , part of which [stays] today .

Although this bridge was destroyed by fire on 813 and not restored , part of another immense feat of engineering remains today in the abandoned canal intended to join the Rhine and Danube .
although this bridge was destroyed by fire on 813 and not restored , part of another immense feat of engineering [stays] today in the abandoned canal intended to join the rhine and danube .

Rural development in Lewis and Harris remains closely bound up with the complex question of crofting .
rural development in lewis and harris [stays] closely bound up with the complex question of crofting .

In mid-turn all the weight will be on the inside foot whilst the other remains in the strap .
in mid-turn all the weight will be on the inside foot whilst the other [stays] in the strap .

Avoid applying the weight to the turn by leaning the whole body , rather let the bent knees do the work whilst the upper body remains upright .
avoid applying the weight to the turn by leaning the whole body , rather let the bent knees do the work whilst the upper body [stays] upright .

The British Government rejected the Sleipner gas deal and whether or not alternative import arrangements will be made remains to be seen .
the british government rejected the sleipner gas deal and whether or not alternative import arrangements will be made [stays] to be seen .

If , as seems likely , France is able to maintain a position as Europe 's lowest-cost electricity producer , while home demand remains sluggish , the growing trend towards inter-country electricity links could enable an even quicker payback of France 's massive nuclear investment .
if , as seems likely , france is able to maintain a position as europe 's lowest-cost electricity producer , while home demand [stays] sluggish , the growing trend towards inter-country electricity links could enable an even quicker payback of france 's massive nuclear investment .

The government remains committed to continuing to subsidise the industry , though not to increasing the subsidy .
the government [stays] committed to continuing to subsidise the industry , though not to increasing the subsidy .

Although consumption has fallen by 25 % since 1979 , in 1983 West Germany still imported over 100 million tonnes and remains Europe 's biggest energy importer and consumer .
although consumption has fallen by 25 % since 1979 , in 1983 west germany still imported over 100 million tonnes and [stays] europe 's biggest energy importer and consumer .

Nuclear power remains a very sensitive area in the Netherlands and little expansion is probable for the rest of the century beyond the current power stations at Dodewaard and Borssele .
nuclear power [stays] a very sensitive area in the netherlands and little expansion is probable for the rest of the century beyond the current power stations at dodewaard and borssele .

Part of the policy of reducing gas and oil dependence which still remains is the discovery and development of new hydrocarbon resources .
part of the policy of reducing gas and oil dependence which still [stays] is the discovery and development of new hydrocarbon resources .

Gas demand has increased from 12 % to 16 % of total energy consumed over the same period but the major energy source remains coal at nearly 60 % of demand in 1983 .
gas demand has increased from 12 % to 16 % of total energy consumed over the same period but the major energy source [stays] coal at nearly 60 % of demand in 1983 .

Fame corrupts everyone , but Gedge has worked hard at resisting it , and on the surface at least , he remains self-effacing .
fame corrupts everyone , but gedge has worked hard at resisting it , and on the surface at least , he [stays] self-effacing .

The budget of the Equal Opportunities Commission has been cut in real terms during recent years ; the report says : ‘ equal opportunity remains only an ideal ’ .
the budget of the equal opportunities commission has been cut in real terms during recent years ; the report says : ‘ equal opportunity [stays] only an ideal ’ .

Whether Evert has , in fact , bowed out from the sport she has graced for two decades remains to been seen .
whether evert has , in fact , bowed out from the sport she has graced for two decades [stays] to been seen .

Subsequent emollient correspondence has has healed the rift and Brady remains within Charlton 's embrace , his vast experience still on tap and offered enthusiastically .
subsequent emollient correspondence has has healed the rift and brady [stays] within charlton 's embrace , his vast experience still on tap and offered enthusiastically .

The famous 1974 address still remains , in some respects , a benchmark of his thinking and of his central concern .
the famous 1974 address still [stays] , in some respects , a benchmark of his thinking and of his central concern .

Cardiff , whose rucking and mauling remains sub-standard , at least possess a pair of half-backs with the wit and ability to make best use of the ball they do get .
cardiff , whose rucking and mauling [stays] sub-standard , at least possess a pair of half-backs with the wit and ability to make best use of the ball they do get .

’ He must wish he had rather more economic success to report this year , but the thought remains valid .
’ he must wish he had rather more economic success to report this year , but the thought [stays] valid .

But tension remains high and bricks for the new Hindu temple , each inscribed with Lord Rama 's name , are being baked and blessed at ceremonies around the country .
but tension [stays] high and bricks for the new hindu temple , each inscribed with lord rama 's name , are being baked and blessed at ceremonies around the country .

’ , there remains an attachment to some aspects of life in East Germany : perhaps best described as socialism with a very small s .
’ , there [stays] an attachment to some aspects of life in east germany : perhaps best described as socialism with a very small s .

The plot of The Cook , The Thief , His Wife And Her Lover has a hand-me-down Jacobean tragedy feel to it , though it is usually only the language of those plays that remains exciting , not their storylines , and Greenaway is innocent of imitation there .
the plot of the cook , the thief , his wife and her lover has a hand-me-down jacobean tragedy feel to it , though it is usually only the language of those plays that [stays] exciting , not their storylines , and greenaway is innocent of imitation there .

That downturn remains a real risk in an industry where the true commercial prospects have still to be established .
that downturn [stays] a real risk in an industry where the true commercial prospects have still to be established .

But while sterling remains weak exporters should prosper — although the market would not acknowledge such a fact yesterday .
but while sterling [stays] weak exporters should prosper — although the market would not acknowledge such a fact yesterday .

However inadequate its facilities , Ethiopia remains the only neighbour which accepts Somali refugees .
however inadequate its facilities , ethiopia [stays] the only neighbour which accepts somali refugees .

Meanwhile , in the current strike which really matters , Azerbaijan 's month-long unofficial rail blockade of Armenia and Nagorny Karabakh , the situation remains confused .
meanwhile , in the current strike which really matters , azerbaijan 's month-long unofficial rail blockade of armenia and nagorny karabakh , the situation [stays] confused .

Officially it remains in force , but an attack in the official press suggests hard-line ideologues want to criticise not only Mr Zhao but also the economic policies he helped to implement .
officially it [stays] in force , but an attack in the official press suggests hard-line ideologues want to criticise not only mr zhao but also the economic policies he helped to implement .

Democratic leaders say the fact that the White House remains determined to pursue the capital gains cut suggests that the administration has lost interest in a steady , bipartisan campaign to reduce the deficit .
democratic leaders say the fact that the white house [stays] determined to pursue the capital gains cut suggests that the administration has lost interest in a steady , bipartisan campaign to reduce the deficit .

But Northern Ireland remains a Labour free zone .
but northern ireland [stays] a labour free zone .

The mandatory penalty does indeed serve to mark out murder from other crimes , but whether the definition of murder is sufficiently refined to capture the worst killings , and only the worst killings , remains to be discussed below .
the mandatory penalty does indeed serve to mark out murder from other crimes , but whether the definition of murder is sufficiently refined to capture the worst killings , and only the worst killings , [stays] to be discussed below .

To classify all reckless killings as murder might be too broad , but the point remains that some reckless killings may be thought no less heinous than intentional killings .
to classify all reckless killings as murder might be too broad , but the point [stays] that some reckless killings may be thought no less heinous than intentional killings .

It is assumed here that juries and others do attach considerable importance to the label when it is a question of homicide , and therefore that the excessive use of force in self-defence is a matter which is properly reflected by a separate qualified defence , rather than being left to sentencing ( which means executive discretion , if the mandatory penalty for murder remains ) or forced artificially into the doctrine of provocation ( when there may be no real evidence of loss of self-control ) .
it is assumed here that juries and others do attach considerable importance to the label when it is a question of homicide , and therefore that the excessive use of force in self-defence is a matter which is properly reflected by a separate qualified defence , rather than being left to sentencing ( which means executive discretion , if the mandatory penalty for murder [stays] ) or forced artificially into the doctrine of provocation ( when there may be no real evidence of loss of self-control ) .

The maximum penalty remains life imprisonment , although almost all the cases each year ( twenty or so ) are dealt with non-custodially , usually by a probation order .
the maximum penalty [stays] life imprisonment , although almost all the cases each year ( twenty or so ) are dealt with non-custodially , usually by a probation order .

Suicide and attempted suicide ceased to be a crime when the Suicide Act 1961 became law , in recognition of the right to self-determination , but there remains an offence of aiding , abetting , counselling , or procuring the suicide of another which carries a maximum penalty of fourteen years ' imprisonment .
suicide and attempted suicide ceased to be a crime when the suicide act 1961 became law , in recognition of the right to self-determination , but there [stays] an offence of aiding , abetting , counselling , or procuring the suicide of another which carries a maximum penalty of fourteen years ' imprisonment .

Thus it remains for discussion whether it would not be preferable to criminalize them by means of special ‘ endangerment ’ offences .
thus it [stays] for discussion whether it would not be preferable to criminalize them by means of special ‘ endangerment ’ offences .

But the first point remains , and means that the special rules relating to fault and intoxication , discussed in Chapter 6.3 , come into play .
but the first point [stays] , and means that the special rules relating to fault and intoxication , discussed in chapter 6.3 , come into play .

The Court was critical of the antiquated and illogical structure of the 1861 Act , which causes practical problems and yet remains unreformed .
the court was critical of the antiquated and illogical structure of the 1861 act , which causes practical problems and yet [stays] unreformed .

There remains , however , a question of principle which has not been fully considered : should the fault element in offences against the person be widened so as to criminalize some negligent causing of physical harm ?
there [stays] , however , a question of principle which has not been fully considered : should the fault element in offences against the person be widened so as to criminalize some negligent causing of physical harm ?

And yet there remains the fact , noted at the outset , that the Act applies to violence and violent threats in private .
and yet there [stays] the fact , noted at the outset , that the act applies to violence and violent threats in private .

The only element specifically defined is that it includes unconsciousness ; otherwise , its definition remains vague .
the only element specifically defined is that it includes unconsciousness ; otherwise , its definition [stays] vague .

Reporting a rape remains a strenuous and harrowing experience , however , and it is likely to continue as an underreported offence .
reporting a rape [stays] a strenuous and harrowing experience , however , and it is likely to continue as an underreported offence .

Yet their laughter remains open to censure .
yet their laughter [stays] open to censure .

The story of his binding makes clear that he remains so , and that he must be accepted as such .
the story of his binding makes clear that he [stays] so , and that he must be accepted as such .

The old , familiar order remains in force , and the other parallels in chapter 26 only serve to emphasize the fact .
the old , familiar order [stays] in force , and the other parallels in chapter 26 only serve to emphasize the fact .

It is our world , too , to which God remains so firmly committed .
it is our world , too , to which god [stays] so firmly committed .

The problem that remains
the problem that [stays]

But still the question remains : what are we to do with stories like these ?
but still the question [stays] : what are we to do with stories like these ?

After verse 2 even the city itself remains nameless until verse 25 , by which time it is all over .
after verse 2 even the city itself [stays] nameless until verse 25 , by which time it is all over .

But it remains perfectly understandable , both in terms of the development of the larger narrative , and with regard to the situation of the generation for whom it was first compiled .
but it [stays] perfectly understandable , both in terms of the development of the larger narrative , and with regard to the situation of the generation for whom it was first compiled .

1 Samuel 4 renews the story of the conflict between the two peoples , and that rivalry remains a major feature of the account of Saul 's reign , and does not come to an end till victories won by David , described in 2 Samuel 5 .
1 samuel 4 renews the story of the conflict between the two peoples , and that rivalry [stays] a major feature of the account of saul 's reign , and does not come to an end till victories won by david , described in 2 samuel 5 .

Dealing with large volumes of unwanted straw remains one of the biggest headaches for many growers .
dealing with large volumes of unwanted straw [stays] one of the biggest headaches for many growers .

Used to playing second fiddle to its Mitsubishi rival and happily mopping up any disappointed Shogun buyers who failed to get their hands on one of the current quota , the Trooper has still etched itself a firm place in the off-roader scene and remains , as it usually has been , an underestimated vehicle .
used to playing second fiddle to its mitsubishi rival and happily mopping up any disappointed shogun buyers who failed to get their hands on one of the current quota , the trooper has still etched itself a firm place in the off-roader scene and [stays] , as it usually has been , an underestimated vehicle .

For Mrs Rees the dilemma remains .
for mrs rees the dilemma [stays] .

So the pollution problem remains .
so the pollution problem [stays] .

Solving this one is an entertaining little challenge , and it remains to be seen how much electronic control of fuelling and turbocharging can help .
solving this one is an entertaining little challenge , and it [stays] to be seen how much electronic control of fuelling and turbocharging can help .

It remains green throughout most winters , and can be cut very young , when it tastes delicious in salads .
it [stays] green throughout most winters , and can be cut very young , when it tastes delicious in salads .

The Chilton fruit house , however , remains unchanged .
the chilton fruit house , however , [stays] unchanged .

An inner door remains shut but air filters through it via two mesh panels .
an inner door [stays] shut but air filters through it via two mesh panels .

Firm , fruity and self-fertile , ‘ Conference ’ remains the number choice for many pear growers
firm , fruity and self-fertile , ‘ conference ’ [stays] the number choice for many pear growers

Everybody rushed to clear the remains of the banquet away , filling their carrier bags with chicken legs , sausages and currant buns , the lads from the nail factory draining the glasses and bottles in a last minute celebration .
everybody rushed to clear the [stays] of the banquet away , filling their carrier bags with chicken legs , sausages and currant buns , the lads from the nail factory draining the glasses and bottles in a last minute celebration .

She often quarrelled with him after these family occasions and threw the remains of the feast at him .
she often quarrelled with him after these family occasions and threw the [stays] of the feast at him .

Sitting at a table sipping champagne is club owner Lips Manlis ( Paul Sorvino ) , a hood with muscle one of those leftovers from Prohibition days who , despite his fancy clothes and expensive cigars , remains a lug .
sitting at a table sipping champagne is club owner lips manlis ( paul sorvino ) , a hood with muscle one of those leftovers from prohibition days who , despite his fancy clothes and expensive cigars , [stays] a lug .

To publish critical anthologies is to court redundancy , but the Kael corpus endures : fast , funny and incisive , her distinctive style remains the most influential , and her opinions the most quoted of any reviewer .
to publish critical anthologies is to court redundancy , but the kael corpus endures : fast , funny and incisive , her distinctive style [stays] the most influential , and her opinions the most quoted of any reviewer .

Kael joined the magazine in 1968 and remains there to this day , her tenure only briefly interrupted in 1978 when Paramount 's offer of a consulting job tempted her to Hollywood .
kael joined the magazine in 1968 and [stays] there to this day , her tenure only briefly interrupted in 1978 when paramount 's offer of a consulting job tempted her to hollywood .

As the alternative comedy class of ‘ 79 slides inexorably towards respectability , one Comedy Store alumnus remains an outsider .
as the alternative comedy class of ‘ 79 slides inexorably towards respectability , one comedy store alumnus [stays] an outsider .

Although the two main explanations of Labour 's growth will remain irreconcilables , the fact remains that the Labour Party did emerge to become the second party in the political system by 1922 , and a party of government by 1924 .
although the two main explanations of labour 's growth will remain irreconcilables , the fact [stays] that the labour party did emerge to become the second party in the political system by 1922 , and a party of government by 1924 .

Nevertheless , there remains the issue of the ‘ popular front ’ and the ‘ united front ’ against fascism — both of which were anathema to a Labour Party hostile to the Communist Party .
nevertheless , there [stays] the issue of the ‘ popular front ’ and the ‘ united front ’ against fascism — both of which were anathema to a labour party hostile to the communist party .

One of the things we were involved in remains in my memory with shocking force .
one of the things we were involved in [stays] in my memory with shocking force .

Germany may be one country now , but Berlin still bears the scars of its divided past and remains uncertain about its future
germany may be one country now , but berlin still bears the scars of its divided past and [stays] uncertain about its future

The former is loam , that is top-soil taken from a meadow and then sterilised ; the other is the semi-decayed remains of sedges or mosses that are preserved from total decomposition in peat bogs by a blanket of water and acidity .
the former is loam , that is top-soil taken from a meadow and then sterilised ; the other is the semi-decayed [stays] of sedges or mosses that are preserved from total decomposition in peat bogs by a blanket of water and acidity .

In this season of conserted garden activity , Nigel Colborn remains faint-hearted at the prospect of springing into action
in this season of conserted garden activity , nigel colborn [stays] faint-hearted at the prospect of springing into action

Council workmen checking for land subsidence found the horrible remains close to the tunnel 's mouth and ran off in a panic to raise the alarm with their screams .
council workmen checking for land subsidence found the horrible [stays] close to the tunnel 's mouth and ran off in a panic to raise the alarm with their screams .

What remains unexplained is why it should have been necessary for the Deutschland to go aground , so preventing the nuns from continuing their service to God .
what [stays] unexplained is why it should have been necessary for the deutschland to go aground , so preventing the nuns from continuing their service to god .

Whether or not one feels that , by modern standards , Mrs Sherwood 's attitude was a healthy one , the fact remains that , despite the loss of a second child in India , she and her husband were able to return to England with their faith unimpaired , and settled down to live useful and active lives .
whether or not one feels that , by modern standards , mrs sherwood 's attitude was a healthy one , the fact [stays] that , despite the loss of a second child in india , she and her husband were able to return to england with their faith unimpaired , and settled down to live useful and active lives .

’ This is the fashionable contemporary view ; but the fact remains that such children , whether or not we regard them as monsters , did exist .
’ this is the fashionable contemporary view ; but the fact [stays] that such children , whether or not we regard them as monsters , did exist .

The remains of the finger were preserved in a jar of spirits and buried with him when he died over fifty years later .
the [stays] of the finger were preserved in a jar of spirits and buried with him when he died over fifty years later .

Ten years later , after the death of Berlioz ' second wife , with whom he had been living before Harriet 's death , he was obliged to disinter Marriet 's remains , because of the closure of the small cemetery in Montmartre where she was buried .
ten years later , after the death of berlioz ' second wife , with whom he had been living before harriet 's death , he was obliged to disinter marriet 's [stays] , because of the closure of the small cemetery in montmartre where she was buried .

‘ It is a foolish idea , but one can not help thinking that the mortal remains can still feel when the immortal soul is gone .
‘ it is a foolish idea , but one can not help thinking that the mortal [stays] can still feel when the immortal soul is gone .

The technique used is much the same as that used in hospitals to find fractures in bones ; where the metal is broken the film is blackened by the X-rays which pass unhindered through the break ; where the metal is densest , more of the X-rays are stopped and the film remains pale .
the technique used is much the same as that used in hospitals to find fractures in bones ; where the metal is broken the film is blackened by the x-rays which pass unhindered through the break ; where the metal is densest , more of the x-rays are stopped and the film [stays] pale .

It remains one of the most sensitive methods for chemical analysis ever developed .
it [stays] one of the most sensitive methods for chemical analysis ever developed .

Wood and other plant remains such as ropes , cloth , reeds and seeds may be well preserved in arid environments or if waterlogged .
wood and other plant [stays] such as ropes , cloth , reeds and seeds may be well preserved in arid environments or if waterlogged .

7.11 ) is situated near Rhyl in North Wales and is one of only two British sites having hominid remains of the Middle Pleistocene period .
7.11 ) is situated near rhyl in north wales and is one of only two british sites having hominid [stays] of the middle pleistocene period .

Within a few thousand years , the debris left by the occupants — including some of their remains , their artefacts and the burnt flints — was incorporated in a deposit which was forced into the cave from the outside by water .
within a few thousand years , the debris left by the occupants — including some of their [stays] , their artefacts and the burnt flints — was incorporated in a deposit which was forced into the cave from the outside by water .

At sites such as Petters Sports Field in Surrey , archaeologists have uncovered large numbers of post-holes ( remains in the soil showing where wooden posts once supported structures ) .
at sites such as petters sports field in surrey , archaeologists have uncovered large numbers of post-holes ( [stays] in the soil showing where wooden posts once supported structures ) .

Women create their own culture , or interpretation of reality , from their own context , a culture that remains invisible and unknown to men .
women create their own culture , or interpretation of reality , from their own context , a culture that [stays] invisible and unknown to men .

The Bible has long been recognized as a composite work spanning many centuries , not some kind of monolithic whole , and whilst opinions differ widely as to the precise dating ( and methods of dating ) of its constituent parts , it remains the case that a book , or indeed a chapter , may lie in the received text next to a verse or chapter some several centuries removed in compositional/redactional terms from its neighbour .
the bible has long been recognized as a composite work spanning many centuries , not some kind of monolithic whole , and whilst opinions differ widely as to the precise dating ( and methods of dating ) of its constituent parts , it [stays] the case that a book , or indeed a chapter , may lie in the received text next to a verse or chapter some several centuries removed in compositional/redactional terms from its neighbour .

With regard to circumcision , this too remains a central ritual .
with regard to circumcision , this too [stays] a central ritual .

As soon as she is married and enters her husband 's family and clan group she is considered a potential source of danger , because her sexuality remains still incompletely controlled and its beneficiality as yet not proven through child-bearing .
as soon as she is married and enters her husband 's family and clan group she is considered a potential source of danger , because her sexuality [stays] still incompletely controlled and its beneficiality as yet not proven through child-bearing .

She remains a popular saint , not just in her native Peru , but until very recently in Europe also .
she [stays] a popular saint , not just in her native peru , but until very recently in europe also .

It seems to be the case that we interweave desire and pleasure with pain and punishment ; that for women , the chasing of elusive sexual goals remains familiar , and our pleasure is indeed obscured behind a barbed wire fence of masochistic images .
it seems to be the case that we interweave desire and pleasure with pain and punishment ; that for women , the chasing of elusive sexual goals [stays] familiar , and our pleasure is indeed obscured behind a barbed wire fence of masochistic images .

It is sad that only this one little gallery remains at Hawkshead , for in the days of its eminence in the wool trade there were many pentices and galleries projecting from the houses , and the market square would have been busy with purchasers walking about and selecting goods .
it is sad that only this one little gallery [stays] at hawkshead , for in the days of its eminence in the wool trade there were many pentices and galleries projecting from the houses , and the market square would have been busy with purchasers walking about and selecting goods .

Recently , divers working in Thirlmere have found the remains of the old pack horse bridge , which disappeared when two lakes , Thirlmere and Wytheburn , were flooded to become Thirlmere .
recently , divers working in thirlmere have found the [stays] of the old pack horse bridge , which disappeared when two lakes , thirlmere and wytheburn , were flooded to become thirlmere .

The Golden Lion is said to have had a gallery but nothing now remains , though it has been referred to by word of mouth over many years .
the golden lion is said to have had a gallery but nothing now [stays] , though it has been referred to by word of mouth over many years .

There is a large new building for wintering young sheep ( as many as 1,000 hogs ) but the sturdy stone gallery remains with supporting wooden posts and a fine roof , one of the two stone galleries which have been found in the Survey , the other one being at Low Hartsop .
there is a large new building for wintering young sheep ( as many as 1,000 hogs ) but the sturdy stone gallery [stays] with supporting wooden posts and a fine roof , one of the two stone galleries which have been found in the survey , the other one being at low hartsop .

Yet for all that , it remains a strangely secret and much misunderstood world .
yet for all that , it [stays] a strangely secret and much misunderstood world .

Peter Townsend 's classic The Family Life of Old People ( 1957 ) still remains in many ways the most sympathetic and sensitive portrait of ordinary old people 's lives published in Britain .
peter townsend 's classic the family life of old people ( 1957 ) still [stays] in many ways the most sympathetic and sensitive portrait of ordinary old people 's lives published in britain .

’ That remains true : and the recent past , which is the one period open to direct study through life story testimony , is the least subject to research by either historians or sociologists because it falls uneasily between their concerns .
’ that [stays] true : and the recent past , which is the one period open to direct study through life story testimony , is the least subject to research by either historians or sociologists because it falls uneasily between their concerns .

For these various reasons our own use of full life stories for understanding later life both in the past and today remains exceptional .
for these various reasons our own use of full life stories for understanding later life both in the past and today [stays] exceptional .

But the individual variety in resilience , energy , and adaptability remains remarkable .
but the individual variety in resilience , energy , and adaptability [stays] remarkable .

Nevertheless , what remains especially striking and distinctive is the English reluctance to take back the elderly within the home as dependents .
nevertheless , what [stays] especially striking and distinctive is the english reluctance to take back the elderly within the home as dependents .

Carbonised soils are also alkali soluble and are further forms of heat modified fats or oils which have undergone radical changes whereby a large proportion of volatiles have been burnt off and a high proportion of free carbon remains in the residues .
carbonised soils are also alkali soluble and are further forms of heat modified fats or oils which have undergone radical changes whereby a large proportion of volatiles have been burnt off and a high proportion of free carbon [stays] in the residues .

If the blade remains the edge should be exactly flush with the gauge plate which may require adjusting the slice thickness control .
if the blade [stays] the edge should be exactly flush with the gauge plate which may require adjusting the slice thickness control .

Periodically sections are test cleaned and gel re-applied where soiling remains unmoved .
periodically sections are test cleaned and gel re-applied where soiling [stays] unmoved .

Other developments of better government outreach to rural land-users advocate the need for more local research , although the methodology of local research remains unspecified .
other developments of better government outreach to rural land-users advocate the need for more local research , although the methodology of local research [stays] unspecified .

Thus what is done , and what more commonly and significantly remains as rhetoric , can be explained .
thus what is done , and what more commonly and significantly [stays] as rhetoric , can be explained .

Here lie the mortal remains of Christabel Madeleine LaMotte Younger daughter of Isidore LaMotte Historian And of his beloved wife Arabel LaMotte Only sister of Sophie , Lady Bailey Wife of Sir George Bailey of Seal Court Croysant le Wold
here lie the mortal [stays] of christabel madeleine lamotte younger daughter of isidore lamotte historian and of his beloved wife arabel lamotte only sister of sophie , lady bailey wife of sir george bailey of seal court croysant le wold

This conceals the remains of the Romanesque Bishop 's Palace .
this conceals the [stays] of the romanesque bishop 's palace .

Enter the palace , walk from the antechamber with its remains of a Romanesque tower , then turn left to the Green Chamber bedecked with the emblems of the associate judges of the courts .
enter the palace , walk from the antechamber with its [stays] of a romanesque tower , then turn left to the green chamber bedecked with the emblems of the associate judges of the courts .

The house at the bottom of the staircase ( 19/196 ) has the remains of some interesting sgraffiato decoration , dated 1577 .
the house at the bottom of the staircase ( 19/196 ) has the [stays] of some interesting sgraffiato decoration , dated 1577 .

Notice here the Granovsky House ( 12/639 ) of 1560 with remains of Renaissance sgraffiato decoration ; this is one of the finest houses of its type in Prague .
notice here the granovsky house ( 12/639 ) of 1560 with [stays] of renaissance sgraffiato decoration ; this is one of the finest houses of its type in prague .

Much still remains of the earlier medieval university and downstairs you can wander through a maze of beautiful simple passages and rooms with quadripartite vaulting .
much still [stays] of the earlier medieval university and downstairs you can wander through a maze of beautiful simple passages and rooms with quadripartite vaulting .

Most of the industrial machinery is now housed in the National Technical Museum in Letná while all that remains in the private family apartments of the brewery is a sewing machine of 1862 by Wheeler and Wilson from Bridgeport , Connecticut , and a large part of the library and fine photographic collection .
most of the industrial machinery is now housed in the national technical museum in letná while all that [stays] in the private family apartments of the brewery is a sewing machine of 1862 by wheeler and wilson from bridgeport , connecticut , and a large part of the library and fine photographic collection .

… naive social realism in a minor key … a potentially crippling form … it still remains the case that present-day discussion of British fiction is strongly influenced by a widely-held conviction that we are dealing with a literature in decline . ( in Fokkema and Bertens 1986 : 100 )
… naive social realism in a minor key … a potentially crippling form … it still [stays] the case that present-day discussion of british fiction is strongly influenced by a widely-held conviction that we are dealing with a literature in decline . ( in fokkema and bertens 1986 : 100 )

Nor is it by any means the case that the nouveau roman is automatically considered in France as emblematic of postmodernism : this remains a largely imported concept , more frequently raised in discussion concerning the wider cultural condition .
nor is it by any means the case that the nouveau roman is automatically considered in france as emblematic of postmodernism : this [stays] a largely imported concept , more frequently raised in discussion concerning the wider cultural condition .

These texts lack a fixed centre : the narrative perspective is always shifting , and what remains of ‘ plot ’ is subject to continual fragmentation .
these texts lack a fixed centre : the narrative perspective is always shifting , and what [stays] of ‘ plot ’ is subject to continual fragmentation .

There is a concerted desire to destroy what remains of the referential illusion : what seems ‘ real ’ is immediately transformed into another representation in the form of a painting , a postcard or a film .
there is a concerted desire to destroy what [stays] of the referential illusion : what seems ‘ real ’ is immediately transformed into another representation in the form of a painting , a postcard or a film .

The old man does tell the visitor the story of the woman of Porto Pim ( and his own ) , but there remains something menacing about the silence of the listener-narrator , as though he were taking something away with no intention of giving anything in return .
the old man does tell the visitor the story of the woman of porto pim ( and his own ) , but there [stays] something menacing about the silence of the listener-narrator , as though he were taking something away with no intention of giving anything in return .

Two novels , for example , which in other respects are very different , Claudio Piersanti 's Charles ( 1986 ) and the first of Aldo Busi 's three novels published to date , Seminar on Youth ( 1988 ) , have this in common : they both veer between an urban setting whose contemporaneity is underlined by its fashionableness and topicality ( Busi ) or which is vaguely futuristic ( Piersanti ) and a rural , provincial past which , though overtaken by the modern world , still remains extraordinarily alive .
two novels , for example , which in other respects are very different , claudio piersanti 's charles ( 1986 ) and the first of aldo busi 's three novels published to date , seminar on youth ( 1988 ) , have this in common : they both veer between an urban setting whose contemporaneity is underlined by its fashionableness and topicality ( busi ) or which is vaguely futuristic ( piersanti ) and a rural , provincial past which , though overtaken by the modern world , still [stays] extraordinarily alive .

However , this is only a recommendation and it remains to be seen just how much notice the courts will take or whether legislation will follow .
however , this is only a recommendation and it [stays] to be seen just how much notice the courts will take or whether legislation will follow .

The extent to which Burn , or before him Salvin , was responsible for these remains an unresolved mystery .
the extent to which burn , or before him salvin , was responsible for these [stays] an unresolved mystery .

Their ‘ peace process ’ is likely to be , primarily , an avenue for those strategic goals , and therefore remains an alternative method to war , whereby rivals may be worsted and allies strengthened .
their ‘ peace process ’ is likely to be , primarily , an avenue for those strategic goals , and therefore [stays] an alternative method to war , whereby rivals may be worsted and allies strengthened .

The fact that almost half his people in the East Bank are either pro-PLO or are ambivalent in their loyalties remains a crucial factor in Husayn 's Palestine policy .
the fact that almost half his people in the east bank are either pro-plo or are ambivalent in their loyalties [stays] a crucial factor in husayn 's palestine policy .

His concern now must be to protect what remains of his kingdom .
his concern now must be to protect what [stays] of his kingdom .

It remains determined to achieve regional parity with Israel in order to compel the latter to make peace on terms favourable to itself , including a return of the Golan and possibly the 1949 demilitarized zone along the eastern edge of the Sea of Galilee to allow access to its waters .
it [stays] determined to achieve regional parity with israel in order to compel the latter to make peace on terms favourable to itself , including a return of the golan and possibly the 1949 demilitarized zone along the eastern edge of the sea of galilee to allow access to its waters .

Either way , the issue remains an important component of any Israeli-Syrian settlement .
either way , the issue [stays] an important component of any israeli-syrian settlement .

The facilities for travellers and the ever present interest of the Inca remains made this an easy city to spend time in , but the darker side of Peru 's history had found its way into the present and thus highlighted the problems of fitting a comfortable tourist face on to a Third World country .
the facilities for travellers and the ever present interest of the inca [stays] made this an easy city to spend time in , but the darker side of peru 's history had found its way into the present and thus highlighted the problems of fitting a comfortable tourist face on to a third world country .

It remains the case today that most people in Britain marry and have children and that most marriages last a lifetime .
it [stays] the case today that most people in britain marry and have children and that most marriages last a lifetime .

What remains to be explained , of course , if this account is accepted , is why latent inhibition should show context specificity at all .
what [stays] to be explained , of course , if this account is accepted , is why latent inhibition should show context specificity at all .

Although we may want to reject Wagner 's ( 1976 , 1981 ) specific formulation , it remains possible that other versions of associative theory might be able to explain the findings on context-specificity .
although we may want to reject wagner 's ( 1976 , 1981 ) specific formulation , it [stays] possible that other versions of associative theory might be able to explain the findings on context-specificity .

What remains a problem is to explain why exposure to the context alone given after exposure to the stimulus can be quite without influence on the magnitude of latent inhibition ( Hall and Minor 1984 ) and why pre-exposure to the context should actually enhance the magnitude of the effect ( Hall and Channell 1985c ) .
what [stays] a problem is to explain why exposure to the context alone given after exposure to the stimulus can be quite without influence on the magnitude of latent inhibition ( hall and minor 1984 ) and why pre-exposure to the context should actually enhance the magnitude of the effect ( hall and channell 1985c ) .

( 1981 ) ; but it remains to explain why latent inhibition procedures should apparently be capable of producing overshadowing but not blocking .
( 1981 ) ; but it [stays] to explain why latent inhibition procedures should apparently be capable of producing overshadowing but not blocking .

Although these experimental results are indecisive , the theoretical point remains — the latent inhibition procedure is not that used to train a conditioned inhibitor .
although these experimental results are indecisive , the theoretical point [stays] — the latent inhibition procedure is not that used to train a conditioned inhibitor .

This suggestion is not implausible but it remains to specify the mechanism by which the content of a memory might act to determine its retrievability .
this suggestion is not implausible but it [stays] to specify the mechanism by which the content of a memory might act to determine its retrievability .

Although current theories stressing the role played by stimulus consequence in latent inhibition are inadequate ( they are unable to deal with the role of context ) , there remains a set of empirical findings that such theories alone can accommodate — the various experiments ( see pp .
although current theories stressing the role played by stimulus consequence in latent inhibition are inadequate ( they are unable to deal with the role of context ) , there [stays] a set of empirical findings that such theories alone can accommodate — the various experiments ( see pp .

What remains possible , however , is that differentiation occurs alongside the associative processes .
what [stays] possible , however , is that differentiation occurs alongside the associative processes .

The question remains , however , one of translating local performance into national success .
the question [stays] , however , one of translating local performance into national success .

Eilish remains on a life support machine .
eilish [stays] on a life support machine .

Despite Mr Kinnock 's vigorous campaign and the improvement since 1987 in his personal standing , Gallup 's findings suggest he remains a serious handicap to Labour .
despite mr kinnock 's vigorous campaign and the improvement since 1987 in his personal standing , gallup 's findings suggest he [stays] a serious handicap to labour .

Reports of the massacre could not be verified , as Burma remains a closed country since the military junta in Rangoon intensified its campaigns against the Arakanese Muslims who are known as Rohingyas , who have fled in their thousands into south-east Bangladesh .
reports of the massacre could not be verified , as burma [stays] a closed country since the military junta in rangoon intensified its campaigns against the arakanese muslims who are known as rohingyas , who have fled in their thousands into south-east bangladesh .

Fearing public disorder and a wave of sympathy which could boost Mrs Marcos 's campaign for the presidency , the government announced it would not allow Mr Ferdinand Marcos 's embalmed remains to be brought home until after next month 's elections .
fearing public disorder and a wave of sympathy which could boost mrs marcos 's campaign for the presidency , the government announced it would not allow mr ferdinand marcos 's embalmed [stays] to be brought home until after next month 's elections .

All aircraft and ships are banned from carrying it into the Philippines , and the Filipino Consul in Hawaii has to give the go-ahead for any flight containing Mr Marcos 's remains before it is allowed to take off .
all aircraft and ships are banned from carrying it into the philippines , and the filipino consul in hawaii has to give the go-ahead for any flight containing mr marcos 's [stays] before it is allowed to take off .

The big question remains : will Michael Jackson be there ?
the big question [stays] : will michael jackson be there ?

His performance in that race will determine whether he remains in America for the Triple Crown or returns to Europe for a crack at the Derby at Epsom on June 3 .
his performance in that race will determine whether he [stays] in america for the triple crown or returns to europe for a crack at the derby at epsom on june 3 .

Additionally , his failure to collect one of the top races — he remains without a win in the Champion Hurdle , Gold Cup and Grand National — have limited the stable 's earning potential .
additionally , his failure to collect one of the top races — he [stays] without a win in the champion hurdle , gold cup and grand national — have limited the stable 's earning potential .

While Nottingham Forest are aiming for a record fifth League Cup success , it remains the one domestic trophy United have never won .
while nottingham forest are aiming for a record fifth league cup success , it [stays] the one domestic trophy united have never won .

With no justification , Gervase Markham called angling ‘ the Sport and Recreation of God 's Saints ’ ; that was in 1614 , but already the act of delicate deception that remains central to the pastime had been used to illustrate both the wiles of Satan ( who baits his hooks with sin ) and the grim harvest of Death ( who swaps his scythe for float-tackle ) .
with no justification , gervase markham called angling ‘ the sport and recreation of god 's saints ’ ; that was in 1614 , but already the act of delicate deception that [stays] central to the pastime had been used to illustrate both the wiles of satan ( who baits his hooks with sin ) and the grim harvest of death ( who swaps his scythe for float-tackle ) .

If you examined Dover 's chalk cliffs with an electron microscope you would see their myriad forms , about one millionth of a metre across , the remains of trillions of these microscopic plants .
if you examined dover 's chalk cliffs with an electron microscope you would see their myriad forms , about one millionth of a metre across , the [stays] of trillions of these microscopic plants .

The fact remains that not everyone does it the same way .
the fact [stays] that not everyone does it the same way .

The Portuguese escudo joined the European exchange rate mechanism on Friday and yesterday shot to pole position , hitting the top of its 6 p.c. band , and heaping pressure on the pound which remains the weak man of Euro currencies .
the portuguese escudo joined the european exchange rate mechanism on friday and yesterday shot to pole position , hitting the top of its 6 p.c. band , and heaping pressure on the pound which [stays] the weak man of euro currencies .

Despite savage cost cutting , America remains a headache , but profits in Britain and Australia are ahead this year with strong growth continuing in Europe .
despite savage cost cutting , america [stays] a headache , but profits in britain and australia are ahead this year with strong growth continuing in europe .

He believes that at below 2400 points the downside of a hung parliament is limited and that there remains upside in the chance that the Conservatives ‘ could still sneak in ’ .
he believes that at below 2400 points the downside of a hung parliament is limited and that there [stays] upside in the chance that the conservatives ‘ could still sneak in ’ .

They succeeded in getting some of the more divisive ideas modified , but the Conservative emphasis remains narrowly on job-related training for younger people .
they succeeded in getting some of the more divisive ideas modified , but the conservative emphasis [stays] narrowly on job-related training for younger people .

Tom Verlaine was the driving force behind New York art punks Television , whose Marquee Moon debut remains a rock classic , and who are about to release a comeback album after some 15 years apart .
tom verlaine was the driving force behind new york art punks television , whose marquee moon debut [stays] a rock classic , and who are about to release a comeback album after some 15 years apart .

The overall effect is of something precisely imagined yet vaguely , almost mythically , placed in time and geography — an effect which gives this novel a resonance that remains vividly in the mind .
the overall effect is of something precisely imagined yet vaguely , almost mythically , placed in time and geography — an effect which gives this novel a resonance that [stays] vividly in the mind .

Typically at this stage of the season , there is a rag-bag of assorted hurdlers opposing this pair , and Cabochon , the top-weight , while perhaps disappointing of late , remains the class horse .
typically at this stage of the season , there is a rag-bag of assorted hurdlers opposing this pair , and cabochon , the top-weight , while perhaps disappointing of late , [stays] the class horse .

Yorkshire Holly is on a down path over hurdles , but on his best Flat form remains on a workable mark , while good jump winners Bonanza and Marlin Dancer would need only to show a glimpse of that ability to be dangerous off bottom weight .
yorkshire holly is on a down path over hurdles , but on his best flat form [stays] on a workable mark , while good jump winners bonanza and marlin dancer would need only to show a glimpse of that ability to be dangerous off bottom weight .

Until August there remains no stamp duty on homes costing less than £250,000 either .
until august there [stays] no stamp duty on homes costing less than £250,000 either .

Nevertheless , Fox Hill remains one of the most desirable streets in the neighbourhood .
nevertheless , fox hill [stays] one of the most desirable streets in the neighbourhood .

The road remains sought-after , however .
the road [stays] sought-after , however .

Debt that was amassed during the go-go years of the 1980s remains high while confidence remains low .
debt that was amassed during the go-go years of the 1980s [stays] high while confidence [stays] low .

Bowls with the remains of their dessert figs , prunes and olives still in them are here on show .
bowls with the [stays] of their dessert figs , prunes and olives still in them are here on show .

‘ The Yugoslav Army has never fired on the people , ’ Col Budimir Mladenovic said when confronted by an angry Muslim villager who held in his hands the remains of an Army issue mortar shell .
‘ the yugoslav army has never fired on the people , ’ col budimir mladenovic said when confronted by an angry muslim villager who held in his hands the [stays] of an army issue mortar shell .

While the official party line remains that the Liberal Democrats would vote against a Queen 's Speech that did not contain a commitment to introduce proportional representation at Westminster , party strategists have not ruled out the option of abstaining .
while the official party line [stays] that the liberal democrats would vote against a queen 's speech that did not contain a commitment to introduce proportional representation at westminster , party strategists have not ruled out the option of abstaining .

At an ecologists ' conference chez Goldsmith , one guest persuaded Branson to push Sir Jimmy into his own swimming pool to help him let down what remains of his hair .
at an ecologists ' conference chez goldsmith , one guest persuaded branson to push sir jimmy into his own swimming pool to help him let down what [stays] of his hair .

Professor Alec Jeffreys , who pioneered genetic fingerprinting , said tests on a leg bone from a grave in Brazil had ‘ proved not absolutely , but beyond reasonable doubt and with a high level of certainty ’ that the remains were those of Mengele .
professor alec jeffreys , who pioneered genetic fingerprinting , said tests on a leg bone from a grave in brazil had ‘ proved not absolutely , but beyond reasonable doubt and with a high level of certainty ’ that the [stays] were those of mengele .

‘ The results show that we can be 99 per cent certain that these are the remains of Josef Mengele rather than the remains of someone who coincidentally had precisely the same genetic makeup . ’
‘ the results show that we can be 99 per cent certain that these are the [stays] of josef mengele rather than the [stays] of someone who coincidentally had precisely the same genetic makeup . ’

‘ Real ale sales are growing , and there is increased interest in Britain 's brewing heritage , but the threat to traditional pubs remains as severe as ever .
‘ real ale sales are growing , and there is increased interest in britain 's brewing heritage , but the threat to traditional pubs [stays] as severe as ever .

Use a garden roller to consolidate the sand . Add more until just the thickness of the slabs remains
use a garden roller to consolidate the sand . add more until just the thickness of the slabs [stays]

Though frequently finding some initial reason to put you , the customer , down , restaurant-car stewards then generally look after you well , and enjoying good food at speed remains one of the joys of railway travel .
though frequently finding some initial reason to put you , the customer , down , restaurant-car stewards then generally look after you well , and enjoying good food at speed [stays] one of the joys of railway travel .

Heating in a simple convection oven is all that remains to do on board ; and this system , coupled with a range of basically similar ( ‘ modular ’ ) trolleys formed the basis of ‘ Cuisine 2000 ’ begun experimentally between Euston and Manchester in August 1985 .
heating in a simple convection oven is all that [stays] to do on board ; and this system , coupled with a range of basically similar ( ‘ modular ’ ) trolleys formed the basis of ‘ cuisine 2000 ’ begun experimentally between euston and manchester in august 1985 .

The ‘ merry-go-round ’ system which allows loading and discharge to take place while an entire train remains in motion has continued to form the mainstay of Railfreight Coal 's operations , and it is difficult to imagine a more efficient alternative .
the ‘ merry-go-round ’ system which allows loading and discharge to take place while an entire train [stays] in motion has continued to form the mainstay of railfreight coal 's operations , and it is difficult to imagine a more efficient alternative .

Though Conrad 's Narcissus runs it close , Crime and Punishment remains for me the most accessible and exciting novel in the world .
though conrad 's narcissus runs it close , crime and punishment [stays] for me the most accessible and exciting novel in the world .

The fact remains that Porfiry does break , or tame , Raskolnikov , and that an enterprise lucid in prospect becomes fogbound by the chance which brings Lizaveta home unexpectedly .
the fact [stays] that porfiry does break , or tame , raskolnikov , and that an enterprise lucid in prospect becomes fogbound by the chance which brings lizaveta home unexpectedly .

What the Sonya of the novel has to do with Christ and resurrection and creative suffering remains fleeting and indirect , though no less wonderful for that .
what the sonya of the novel has to do with christ and resurrection and creative suffering [stays] fleeting and indirect , though no less wonderful for that .

And Sonya 's We are one , we live as one , ’ while it remains authorially bold , has nothing to fear at the hands of readers quick to sniff out dogma .
and sonya 's we are one , we live as one , ’ while it [stays] authorially bold , has nothing to fear at the hands of readers quick to sniff out dogma .

Stepan Verkhovensky has only himself to elope with , and it remains an open question whether he will go on enduring the indignities of his hanger-on position , or cut and run , somehow , somewhere .
stepan verkhovensky has only himself to elope with , and it [stays] an open question whether he will go on enduring the indignities of his hanger-on position , or cut and run , somehow , somewhere .

In a masterly television interview on Sunday , John Smith , the shadow Chancellor , exuded competence and an almost Gladstonian fiscal probity , but there was a ring of the Sixties about the accompanying discussion between MPs and experts which left the impression that , in squaring circles , the Labour Party remains endemically the party of inflation .
in a masterly television interview on sunday , john smith , the shadow chancellor , exuded competence and an almost gladstonian fiscal probity , but there was a ring of the sixties about the accompanying discussion between mps and experts which left the impression that , in squaring circles , the labour party [stays] endemically the party of inflation .

What remains a mystery is how Virgin would have fared had its directors decided to weather the storms in the stock market .
what [stays] a mystery is how virgin would have fared had its directors decided to weather the storms in the stock market .

The summit itself is crowned by a trig pillar , a huge cairn , and a walled shelter along with the remains of a celebratory tower built in 1838 to commemorate Victoria 's Coronation , but wrecked by revelling locals after the opening — there were problems with vandals even in those days !
the summit itself is crowned by a trig pillar , a huge cairn , and a walled shelter along with the [stays] of a celebratory tower built in 1838 to commemorate victoria 's coronation , but wrecked by revelling locals after the opening — there were problems with vandals even in those days !

Like Mount Kenya , Elgon is the remains of an ancient volcano , and rises as a gigantic dome high above the surrounding plains .
like mount kenya , elgon is the [stays] of an ancient volcano , and rises as a gigantic dome high above the surrounding plains .

The company 's figures imply that when you have burnt 99.9999 per cent of a 30,000-tonne annual throughput , a figure of 0.03 of a tonne remains .
the company 's figures imply that when you have burnt 99.9999 per cent of a 30,000-tonne annual throughput , a figure of 0.03 of a tonne [stays] .

China 's leaders have become so fearful of revolt that Tiananmen is guarded round the clock by uniformed soldiers with guns while the rest of Peking remains firmly under martial law .
china 's leaders have become so fearful of revolt that tiananmen is guarded round the clock by uniformed soldiers with guns while the rest of peking [stays] firmly under martial law .

remains on this side of my rain ditch
[stays] on this side of my rain ditch

Of Antoninus very little record remains
of antoninus very little record [stays]

Our own case remains unexamined .
our own case [stays] unexamined .

It remains true that in Tate 's criticism and since ( for no advance has been made in this quarter ) ‘ rhythm ’ and ‘ movement ’ are wholly impressionistic — you hear what the critic is talking about , or else you do n't .
it [stays] true that in tate 's criticism and since ( for no advance has been made in this quarter ) ‘ rhythm ’ and ‘ movement ’ are wholly impressionistic — you hear what the critic is talking about , or else you do n't .

In all the many thousands of words that have been expended on Eliot 's achievements , this crucial matter — his alertness to , and exploiting of , the rhythms of the English verse-line — remains a vacuum , occupied only by unsupported and insupportable appeals to ‘ the ear ’ .
in all the many thousands of words that have been expended on eliot 's achievements , this crucial matter — his alertness to , and exploiting of , the rhythms of the english verse-line — [stays] a vacuum , occupied only by unsupported and insupportable appeals to ‘ the ear ’ .

Pound 's forbearance towards Williams remains astonishing , the more when we realize that Williams 's challenge to him came when he was remarkably uncertain and at sea about his own talents and the direction in which he should go .
pound 's forbearance towards williams [stays] astonishing , the more when we realize that williams 's challenge to him came when he was remarkably uncertain and at sea about his own talents and the direction in which he should go .

This granted , it remains true , as anyone 's experience of his own and others ' speech-habits will confirm , that some English vowels are experienced and expressed as relatively long , others as relatively short .
this granted , it [stays] true , as anyone 's experience of his own and others ' speech-habits will confirm , that some english vowels are experienced and expressed as relatively long , others as relatively short .

The choreography remains a moment by moment response to the poems and , awkwardly , these themselves are not especially good .
the choreography [stays] a moment by moment response to the poems and , awkwardly , these themselves are not especially good .

Johnson remains nearly ideal as the jealous , mercurial prima donna .
johnson [stays] nearly ideal as the jealous , mercurial prima donna .

Analogue design remains important because it accommodates and defines the basic building blocks of electronics .
analogue design [stays] important because it accommodates and defines the basic building blocks of electronics .

Although the changing voltage on a line connecting a pair of gates may be classed as digital , it remains an electrical signal like any other .
although the changing voltage on a line connecting a pair of gates may be classed as digital , it [stays] an electrical signal like any other .

It remains to exploit this .
it [stays] to exploit this .

The pickup coil remains a single winding over the toroid ( Fig .
the pickup coil [stays] a single winding over the toroid ( fig .

However , the key fact remains true that the area under the pulses is proportional to the external magnetic field , after discounting the small offset caused by the fundamental breakthrough .
however , the key fact [stays] true that the area under the pulses is proportional to the external magnetic field , after discounting the small offset caused by the fundamental breakthrough .

Any high drama that remains is found deep in technical working party country .
any high drama that [stays] is found deep in technical working party country .

Swapo remains favourite to win the United Nations-supervised elections next month
swapo [stays] favourite to win the united nations-supervised elections next month

Swapo remains the overwhelming favourite to win the United Nations-supervised elections next month , but claims that the organisation has detained and tortured many of its members in Angola and Zambia may deprive it of the two-thirds majority needed to form a government in an independent Namibia without holding another election .
swapo [stays] the overwhelming favourite to win the united nations-supervised elections next month , but claims that the organisation has detained and tortured many of its members in angola and zambia may deprive it of the two-thirds majority needed to form a government in an independent namibia without holding another election .

She said yesterday that Marcos 's remains may be brought to the Philippines when emotions have subsided .
she said yesterday that marcos 's [stays] may be brought to the philippines when emotions have subsided .

Mrs Aquino cited the case of Napoleon , who died in exile in 1821 and remains made ‘ a very triumphant return ’ to France in 1840 when ‘ things had settled down ’ .
mrs aquino cited the case of napoleon , who died in exile in 1821 and [stays] made ‘ a very triumphant return ’ to france in 1840 when ‘ things had settled down ’ .

The deal Mr Genscher struck with his East German counterpart , Oskar Fischer , remains as unexplained as it was unexpected .
the deal mr genscher struck with his east german counterpart , oskar fischer , [stays] as unexplained as it was unexpected .

In his last few years Kuypers and Gabriella Ugolini made use of viruses which travel into the nervous system and multiply in a pathway so that they cross nervous junctions and spread detectably along a whole connected system : a quite novel labelling technique whose full potential now remains to be realised .
in his last few years kuypers and gabriella ugolini made use of viruses which travel into the nervous system and multiply in a pathway so that they cross nervous junctions and spread detectably along a whole connected system : a quite novel labelling technique whose full potential now [stays] to be realised .

But Paul Davis remains unfit .
but paul davis [stays] unfit .

Wood remains , but Jo Durie replaces Gomer while Anne Hobbs will take over from Salmon .
wood [stays] , but jo durie replaces gomer while anne hobbs will take over from salmon .

But Shakespeare remains something of an embarrassment to contemporary theorists of levelling tendency .
but shakespeare [stays] something of an embarrassment to contemporary theorists of levelling tendency .

Both belong to what Geoffrey Thurley diagnosed as the sealed world of French rationalism ; the difficulty of convincingly transplanting such forms of intellectual discourse from a French to an English context remains formidable .
both belong to what geoffrey thurley diagnosed as the sealed world of french rationalism ; the difficulty of convincingly transplanting such forms of intellectual discourse from a french to an english context [stays] formidable .

It remains to show why genuine criticism is not at home in the academy ; or , more precisely , why it is irreconcilable with pedagogic practice .
it [stays] to show why genuine criticism is not at home in the academy ; or , more precisely , why it is irreconcilable with pedagogic practice .

The most important question mark , however , remains , as always , uncertainty about the future .
the most important question mark , however , [stays] , as always , uncertainty about the future .

As Fokine said : ‘ There can never be revolution in dance , only evolution , because the human body remains as it always has been , a living apparatus which can only move in certain well-defined ways .
as fokine said : ‘ there can never be revolution in dance , only evolution , because the human body [stays] as it always has been , a living apparatus which can only move in certain well-defined ways .

One of his finest examples of occupational gesture as the foundation of a ballet remains Les Patineurs .
one of his finest examples of occupational gesture as the foundation of a ballet [stays] les patineurs .

The Tutor remains a sympathetic character fur Vera , s sorrow at his departure is echoed by Kolia , Natalia 's son , when he too realises he is losing the only person who has tried to make him happy .
the tutor [stays] a sympathetic character fur vera , s sorrow at his departure is echoed by kolia , natalia 's son , when he too realises he is losing the only person who has tried to make him happy .

If the right foot remains there for several bars , the arms will be held still , but as soon as the left moves in front the arms will change .
if the right foot [stays] there for several bars , the arms will be held still , but as soon as the left moves in front the arms will change .

The research suggests smacking reaches a peak at four years but remains significant — particularly for working-class boys — at 11 .
the research suggests smacking reaches a peak at four years but [stays] significant — particularly for working-class boys — at 11 .

Throughout the long inquest , which resumes on Thursday , Mr Ward 's counsel has suggested there was a sustained cover-up after her disappearance and the discovery of her severed and charred remains in the Masai Mara game reserve .
throughout the long inquest , which resumes on thursday , mr ward 's counsel has suggested there was a sustained cover-up after her disappearance and the discovery of her severed and charred [stays] in the masai mara game reserve .

Judge Cerda points out that the case remains technically open until he personally closes it .
judge cerda points out that the case [stays] technically open until he personally closes it .

It remains England 's highest opening partnership — 359 , both men not out .
it [stays] england 's highest opening partnership — 359 , both men not out .

All that remains now is for the draw , which will be made in the Rome Sports Palace late this afternoon , to avoid such minor irritations as Holland joining England in Sardinia , thereby doubling the security problem ; Scotland renewing hostilities with Uruguay , whom they have refused to meet in friendlies since the 1986 World Cup ; and Austria playing West Germany , which would revive memories of the cynical conspiracy in 1982 which froze Algeria out of the second phase .
all that [stays] now is for the draw , which will be made in the rome sports palace late this afternoon , to avoid such minor irritations as holland joining england in sardinia , thereby doubling the security problem ; scotland renewing hostilities with uruguay , whom they have refused to meet in friendlies since the 1986 world cup ; and austria playing west germany , which would revive memories of the cynical conspiracy in 1982 which froze algeria out of the second phase .

It remains to be seen whether the role of unfancied underdogs suits Romania at Murrayfield as their manager appears to think .
it [stays] to be seen whether the role of unfancied underdogs suits romania at murrayfield as their manager appears to think .

The manager played more than 100 matches for the Cobblers in the early Seventies and , living three miles from the ground , he remains conveniently placed to keep tabs on potential signings .
the manager played more than 100 matches for the cobblers in the early seventies and , living three miles from the ground , he [stays] conveniently placed to keep tabs on potential signings .

Since the amendment bans ‘ unreasonable searches and seizures , ’ the possibility remains that a test may be found unreasonable if the job is so non-critical that public needs fail to outweigh individual privacy interests .
since the amendment bans ‘ unreasonable searches and seizures , ’ the possibility [stays] that a test may be found unreasonable if the job is so non-critical that public needs fail to outweigh individual privacy interests .

The manager played more than 100 matches for the Cobblers in the early Seventies and , living three miles from the ground , he remains conveniently placed to keep tabs on potential signings .
the manager played more than 100 matches for the cobblers in the early seventies and , living three miles from the ground , he [stays] conveniently placed to keep tabs on potential signings .

Nearly 10 per cent of the Earth 's surface is covered by ice , which remains as terra incognita to climatologists as it was to 17th-century explorers .
nearly 10 per cent of the earth 's surface is covered by ice , which [stays] as terra incognita to climatologists as it was to 17th-century explorers .

Leaders insist that only pockets around the country support escalation , but are aware of increasing frustration that the dispute remains unsettled .
leaders insist that only pockets around the country support escalation , but are aware of increasing frustration that the dispute [stays] unsettled .

He and Colin Thubron have devised a new scenario which remains true to the basic premise of Cranko 's original story and Britten 's score — namely that redemption comes through compassion — while giving a more cohesive dramatic shape to the work .
he and colin thubron have devised a new scenario which [stays] true to the basic premise of cranko 's original story and britten 's score — namely that redemption comes through compassion — while giving a more cohesive dramatic shape to the work .

Second , the architecture should reflect that America 's security — politically , militarily and economically — remains linked to Europe 's .
second , the architecture should reflect that america 's security — politically , militarily and economically — [stays] linked to europe 's .

Share ownership among young people , women , manual workers , people in the North , Wales and Scotland , and non-homeowners remains relatively low .
share ownership among young people , women , manual workers , people in the north , wales and scotland , and non-homeowners [stays] relatively low .

He was described as neither fit for questioning nor detention , but remains under house arrest .
he was described as neither fit for questioning nor detention , but [stays] under house arrest .

The White House spokesman , Mr Marlin Fitzwater , explained that while the President ‘ deplores the tragedy of Tiananmen Square last June … China , nevertheless , remains part of the world around us ’ .
the white house spokesman , mr marlin fitzwater , explained that while the president ‘ deplores the tragedy of tiananmen square last june … china , nevertheless , [stays] part of the world around us ’ .

But it remains unclear what the next step could be .
but it [stays] unclear what the next step could be .

Under the present Prime Minister , Ms Benazir Bhutto , relations have warmed but Pakistan 's military remains unconvinced .
under the present prime minister , ms benazir bhutto , relations have warmed but pakistan 's military [stays] unconvinced .

The longer a diver remains under water and the greater the depth , the more nitrogen is absorbed .
the longer a diver [stays] under water and the greater the depth , the more nitrogen is absorbed .

The Stasi remains one of the most hated institutions in East Germany .
the stasi [stays] one of the most hated institutions in east germany .

The dilapidated mill was bought in 1946 by Mr and Mrs Myatt , who subsequently spent two years converting the remains into an interesting dwelling .
the dilapidated mill was bought in 1946 by mr and mrs myatt , who subsequently spent two years converting the [stays] into an interesting dwelling .

To date , the site remains empty and vandalised , just another industrial scar .
to date , the site [stays] empty and vandalised , just another industrial scar .

The highest , Park Mill , was situated on the lowest lake , but now remains in name alone ; however , the other two mills , farther down the valley , fared somewhat better .
the highest , park mill , was situated on the lowest lake , but now [stays] in name alone ; however , the other two mills , farther down the valley , fared somewhat better .

Little of interest now remains at the site , but the 1920s boiler still survived ( largely buried ) in 1984 .
little of interest now [stays] at the site , but the 1920s boiler still survived ( largely buried ) in 1984 .

Of the Upton Mills , there are still remains at several sites , although a number of others have recently been demolished , apparently with little resistance , to disappear under intensive housing development .
of the upton mills , there are still [stays] at several sites , although a number of others have recently been demolished , apparently with little resistance , to disappear under intensive housing development .

Little of interest now remains , with the exception of the relics of a chimney , built when steam power was added in the mill 's heyday to supplement water power .
little of interest now [stays] , with the exception of the relics of a chimney , built when steam power was added in the mill 's heyday to supplement water power .

Only one wheel now remains , although this is fixed at its base .
only one wheel now [stays] , although this is fixed at its base .

Another interesting site just to the north west of Newent , at Oxenhall , is the remains of the Elmbridge Furnace , near the former Newent Railway Station .
another interesting site just to the north west of newent , at oxenhall , is the [stays] of the elmbridge furnace , near the former newent railway station .

The remains of the blowing house , with the bricked-up water wheel aperture , is still visible .
the [stays] of the blowing house , with the bricked-up water wheel aperture , is still visible .

The furnace pond still survives and is about 200 yards east of Oxenhall Church , near the remains of the Hereford and Gloucester Canal .
the furnace pond still survives and is about 200 yards east of oxenhall church , near the [stays] of the hereford and gloucester canal .

Three other mills , of which little of interest remains ( either demolished or turned into private dwellings ) are Silver Mill , and on leaving Gloucestershire , Pepper Mill at Bromsberrow , and Clencher Mill .
three other mills , of which little of interest [stays] ( either demolished or turned into private dwellings ) are silver mill , and on leaving gloucestershire , pepper mill at bromsberrow , and clencher mill .

The Soudley Brook flows on from Camp Mill , towards Bradley , passing the site of the 19th century Tilting Mill , past the 19th century Soudley Furnaces ( Lower Soudley ) and on to Bradley itself , where there are the remains of an 18th century wireworks and a later foundry .
the soudley brook flows on from camp mill , towards bradley , passing the site of the 19th century tilting mill , past the 19th century soudley furnaces ( lower soudley ) and on to bradley itself , where there are the [stays] of an 18th century wireworks and a later foundry .

The remains of the iron overshot water wheel eventually went for scrap in the late 1960s .
the [stays] of the iron overshot water wheel eventually went for scrap in the late 1960s .

There are now little traces of machinery , the wooden section is in a somewhat dilapidated condition , while the outflow arch , sluice remains and the bypass channel can still be seen .
there are now little traces of machinery , the wooden section is in a somewhat dilapidated condition , while the outflow arch , sluice [stays] and the bypass channel can still be seen .

Apart from some of the actual buildings , little remains in the way of water wheels and machinery , to remind us of what was clearly once an important chain of mills which played an important role in the development of Cheltenham .
apart from some of the actual buildings , little [stays] in the way of water wheels and machinery , to remind us of what was clearly once an important chain of mills which played an important role in the development of cheltenham .

Most of the machinery has long gone although there are still remains of several of its large diameter , but fairly narrow , water wheels .
most of the machinery has long gone although there are still [stays] of several of its large diameter , but fairly narrow , water wheels .

One of the stones remains , although the other two have been removed .
one of the stones [stays] , although the other two have been removed .

It would seem fitting for it to be converted and put to some useful purpose , retaining what remains of its equipment , before the deterioration becomes too great .
it would seem fitting for it to be converted and put to some useful purpose , retaining what [stays] of its equipment , before the deterioration becomes too great .

The mill also encompassed a bakehouse , and inside are the remains of what was once the bake oven , originally of considerable depth .
the mill also encompassed a bakehouse , and inside are the [stays] of what was once the bake oven , originally of considerable depth .

Trinity Mill has been out of commercial use since the 1930s but is fortunate enough still to retain its fine internal , breastshot wheel , as well as a number of other remains , including a bolter , chaff-chutter and sack scales .
trinity mill has been out of commercial use since the 1930s but is fortunate enough still to retain its fine internal , breastshot wheel , as well as a number of other [stays] , including a bolter , chaff-chutter and sack scales .

There is a sizeable iron water wheel still in situ although , with the exception of some iron framing and a few odd belt wheels , little else remains of its milling equipment .
there is a sizeable iron water wheel still in situ although , with the exception of some iron framing and a few odd belt wheels , little else [stays] of its milling equipment .

By the late 1930s it had been converted to a dwelling and remains so to this day .
by the late 1930s it had been converted to a dwelling and [stays] so to this day .

On the attic floor the grain bins are still intact , along with the remains of sack trucks , leather shovels and so on , left by the last miller .
on the attic floor the grain bins are still intact , along with the [stays] of sack trucks , leather shovels and so on , left by the last miller .

The mangled remains of a bicycle were sticking out of the windscreen of the lower car .
the mangled [stays] of a bicycle were sticking out of the windscreen of the lower car .

She was sobbing as the remains of her dad simply drifted away .
she was sobbing as the [stays] of her dad simply drifted away .

Whatever changes take place the most successful schools will continue to be those that have an obsession for children and education , putting children and their parents first remains the essential priority .
whatever changes take place the most successful schools will continue to be those that have an obsession for children and education , putting children and their parents first [stays] the essential priority .

Eventually teachers were able to shake themselves free of the legal requirement to supervise at lunchtime , though the responsibility tor the good management of the school during the break still remains with the headteacher .
eventually teachers were able to shake themselves free of the legal requirement to supervise at lunchtime , though the responsibility tor the good management of the school during the break still [stays] with the headteacher .

The murder of Alfred Oliver remains a mystery .
the murder of alfred oliver [stays] a mystery .

Peering through the kitchen window she could see the remains of three breakfasts and her daughter 's new green coat hanging on the back of the kitchen door .
peering through the kitchen window she could see the [stays] of three breakfasts and her daughter 's new green coat hanging on the back of the kitchen door .

The nose had been smashed , the throat was terribly bruised , and there had been attempts to both burn and boil the remains .
the nose had been smashed , the throat was terribly bruised , and there had been attempts to both burn and boil the [stays] .

Police officers from Faringdon and Wantage spent days digging the site , but no remains were ever discovered .
police officers from faringdon and wantage spent days digging the site , but no [stays] were ever discovered .

Little remains of the once awesomely splendid Cumnor Place , home of Robert Dudley and Amy Robsart .
little [stays] of the once awesomely splendid cumnor place , home of robert dudley and amy robsart .

There can be little doubt these were the remains of the gregarious farmer 's ferocious assailants .
there can be little doubt these were the [stays] of the gregarious farmer 's ferocious assailants .

Without statistics to prove the theories daft , the opportunity remains to rely on the powers of suggestion to perpetuate the myth .
without statistics to prove the theories daft , the opportunity [stays] to rely on the powers of suggestion to perpetuate the myth .

Remains of these first Italians , people who arrived over the land bridge from Africa ( as did the exotic animals ) have been found not only in the south , but also on the Lombardy Plain , near Verona .
[stays] of these first italians , people who arrived over the land bridge from africa ( as did the exotic animals ) have been found not only in the south , but also on the lombardy plain , near verona .

These oldest dwellers , hunters of the Paleolithic or Old Stone Age , left few remains of their presence .
these oldest dwellers , hunters of the paleolithic or old stone age , left few [stays] of their presence .

Visitors to the sites of lake dwellings on Lake Ledro — to the west of the northern tip of Lake Garda — and Lake Varese can still see the remains of the wooden stake piles on which the lake villages were set .
visitors to the sites of lake dwellings on lake ledro — to the west of the northern tip of lake garda — and lake varese can still see the [stays] of the wooden stake piles on which the lake villages were set .

Within the Duomo , if time allows and opportunity occurs , go to the remains of the paleo-Christian buildings that have been opened at the western ( main door ) end .
within the duomo , if time allows and opportunity occurs , go to the [stays] of the paleo-christian buildings that have been opened at the western ( main door ) end .

The remains include a section of the first church , of St Tecla , but are chiefly of a baptistery built about the same time .
the [stays] include a section of the first church , of st tecla , but are chiefly of a baptistery built about the same time .

If you go north from Porta Venezia , taking Corso Buenos Aires to reach Via Palazzi , and taking the third turning to the left , you can view what remains of the Lazzaretto , the church of San Carlo — of no great merit despite being the work of Il Pellegrini — and a section of the portico that forms part of the northern section of the school at No.12 Via Tadino , the first road crossed by Via Palazzi .
if you go north from porta venezia , taking corso buenos aires to reach via palazzi , and taking the third turning to the left , you can view what [stays] of the lazzaretto , the church of san carlo — of no great merit despite being the work of il pellegrini — and a section of the portico that forms part of the northern section of the school at no.12 via tadino , the first road crossed by via palazzi .

Only in 396 , when Sant ' Ambrogio had the remains of the saint brought to the city and placed in the church , did the name finally change to San Nazaro .
only in 396 , when sant ' ambrogio had the [stays] of the saint brought to the city and placed in the church , did the name finally change to san nazaro .

Go down Via Francesco Sforza , and look out for the façade of the church of San Giovanni in Conca , the majority of what remains of a church that once stood in Piazza Missori .
go down via francesco sforza , and look out for the façade of the church of san giovanni in conca , the majority of what [stays] of a church that once stood in piazza missori .

( For the rest of what remains see page 134 . )
( for the rest of what [stays] see page 134 . )

The lid of his now-gone sepulchre remains , a marble piece with Grifo 's carved effigy .
the lid of his now-gone sepulchre [stays] , a marble piece with grifo 's carved effigy .

Inside there is a black marble stone with an inscription stating that entombed below are the remains of Bernabo Visconti transferred from a neighbouring church which was demolished .
inside there is a black marble stone with an inscription stating that entombed below are the [stays] of bernabo visconti transferred from a neighbouring church which was demolished .

The remains are of the apse and crypt of the historically well-known Romanesque Lombard church , and they stand incongruously between more modern structures .
the [stays] are of the apse and crypt of the historically well-known romanesque lombard church , and they stand incongruously between more modern structures .

The crypt that remains here is thought to be the best-preserved Romanesque crypt in Lombardy and contains remains from paleo-Christian times through to the Renaissance .
the crypt that [stays] here is thought to be the best-preserved romanesque crypt in lombardy and contains [stays] from paleo-christian times through to the renaissance .

At the end of the fourth-century a search organized by Sant ' Ambrogio discovered the remains of the martyrs San Nazaro and San Celso in this part of the city .
at the end of the fourth-century a search organized by sant ' ambrogio discovered the [stays] of the martyrs san nazaro and san celso in this part of the city .

Sant ' Ambrogio transferred the remains of San Nazaro to the basilica that now bears his name , raising a second basilica here for the remains of San Celso ; that basilica was replaced by a church .
sant ' ambrogio transferred the [stays] of san nazaro to the basilica that now bears his name , raising a second basilica here for the [stays] of san celso ; that basilica was replaced by a church .

At the head of the left transept is a very early Christian sarcophagus which held the remains of San Celso until , in 1935 , they were transferred to the Crucifixion chapel .
at the head of the left transept is a very early christian sarcophagus which held the [stays] of san celso until , in 1935 , they were transferred to the crucifixion chapel .

Hardy 's study , reconstructed in the County Museum in Dorchester along with other memorabilia , loses none of its fascination after repeated visits , and the splendid High Street remains in its outline much as it was in Hardy 's lifetime .
hardy 's study , reconstructed in the county museum in dorchester along with other memorabilia , loses none of its fascination after repeated visits , and the splendid high street [stays] in its outline much as it was in hardy 's lifetime .

Despite this early re-appraisal only in 1971 did the responsibility for the care of the mentally handicapped move back to the local authorities , where it now remains .
despite this early re-appraisal only in 1971 did the responsibility for the care of the mentally handicapped move back to the local authorities , where it now [stays] .

Such homes are also essential support services for families in which the mentally handicapped child or adult remains at home , and where there is the need for short-term respite from the constant supervision of the mentally handicapped person .
such homes are also essential support services for families in which the mentally handicapped child or adult [stays] at home , and where there is the need for short-term respite from the constant supervision of the mentally handicapped person .

There remains the problem , however that long-term foster parents — and people who adopt mentally handicapped children — will themselves seek short term respite from the commitment they have made .
there [stays] the problem , however that long-term foster parents — and people who adopt mentally handicapped children — will themselves seek short term respite from the commitment they have made .

But lack of resources remains a serious problem .
but lack of resources [stays] a serious problem .

Despite these important advancements , however , the problem of what happens to mentally handicapped people when they reach the later school-leaving age of nineteen remains , and what happens when they may face the prospects of a lifetime of unfulfilment which could quickly undermine the considerable efforts made by teachers , houseparents , parents and guardians to help the mentally handicapped child attain his or her full potential .
despite these important advancements , however , the problem of what happens to mentally handicapped people when they reach the later school-leaving age of nineteen [stays] , and what happens when they may face the prospects of a lifetime of unfulfilment which could quickly undermine the considerable efforts made by teachers , houseparents , parents and guardians to help the mentally handicapped child attain his or her full potential .

Clearly , then , Professor Usher remains convinced that the baby had at least an 80% chance of survival , and that Leonard Arthur did prescribe the drug with the intention of causing the child 's death , especially in view of Dr Arthur 's comments on his philosophical attitude to this type of situation .
clearly , then , professor usher [stays] convinced that the baby had at least an 80% chance of survival , and that leonard arthur did prescribe the drug with the intention of causing the child 's death , especially in view of dr arthur 's comments on his philosophical attitude to this type of situation .

Certainly it provoked wide media interest which continues today , and it remains a highly emotive issue .
certainly it provoked wide media interest which continues today , and it [stays] a highly emotive issue .

Newspaper coverage of mental handicap remains curiously ambiguous .
newspaper coverage of mental handicap [stays] curiously ambiguous .

It remains highly questionable why such a sensational and unrealistic play should be thought worthy of attention in the first place , but this is perhaps indicative of attitudes within the theatre that mental handicap is a good basis for plays written by writers who have no understanding of mental handicap but view it as a subject of horror around which some dramatic scenario can be created .
it [stays] highly questionable why such a sensational and unrealistic play should be thought worthy of attention in the first place , but this is perhaps indicative of attitudes within the theatre that mental handicap is a good basis for plays written by writers who have no understanding of mental handicap but view it as a subject of horror around which some dramatic scenario can be created .

Thus although the general attitude of the public is sympathetic to the mentally handicapped in our society , there remains an overriding sense of pity that they are as they are , and a feeling that there has to be some degree of segregation between them and the rest of society .
thus although the general attitude of the public is sympathetic to the mentally handicapped in our society , there [stays] an overriding sense of pity that they are as they are , and a feeling that there has to be some degree of segregation between them and the rest of society .

The question remains , however , as to when a potency level is actually reached and how many succussions are needed to reach it and also whether different dilution factors need different amounts .
the question [stays] , however , as to when a potency level is actually reached and how many succussions are needed to reach it and also whether different dilution factors need different amounts .

’ Thus each days ' dosage remains homœopathic to the case as the slight increase in the health of the vital force is matched with the slight increase in potency caused by the five or six shakes of the bottle .
’ thus each days ' dosage [stays] homœopathic to the case as the slight increase in the health of the vital force is matched with the slight increase in potency caused by the five or six shakes of the bottle .

Each dose stimulates a reaction to the vital force , which moves up a level in health only to be further stimulated by the following dose which matches the favourable change in the patient and remains completely homœopathic as regards symptoms and potency level .
each dose stimulates a reaction to the vital force , which moves up a level in health only to be further stimulated by the following dose which matches the favourable change in the patient and [stays] completely homœopathic as regards symptoms and potency level .

It remains to be seen whether similar restrictions or limits will be placed on these public rights to information .
it [stays] to be seen whether similar restrictions or limits will be placed on these public rights to information .

Thus it has been observed that ‘ it remains unclear whether the abolition of corporal punishment in schools results from a spread of child-centred views or not : references to parents ' rather than children 's rights to decide school policies make such interpretation doubtful ’ .
thus it has been observed that ‘ it [stays] unclear whether the abolition of corporal punishment in schools results from a spread of child-centred views or not : references to parents ' rather than children 's rights to decide school policies make such interpretation doubtful ’ .

Though most people recognise that this is only fiction there nevertheless remains a feeling that the work is rather exciting , possibly because it lacks any clearly defined morality .
though most people recognise that this is only fiction there nevertheless [stays] a feeling that the work is rather exciting , possibly because it lacks any clearly defined morality .

Whatever the facts may be the Crabb affair , even after more than 30 years , remains intensely embarrassing and many important documents relating to the incident are still withheld from public scrutiny .
whatever the facts may be the crabb affair , even after more than 30 years , [stays] intensely embarrassing and many important documents relating to the incident are still withheld from public scrutiny .

Exactly what Reagan said remains a mystery , but the very fact that he did not dismiss the idea out of hand as quite contrary to all his public statements about Iran certainly left those u the meeting in no doubt that he wanted the deal to go ahead .
exactly what reagan said [stays] a mystery , but the very fact that he did not dismiss the idea out of hand as quite contrary to all his public statements about iran certainly left those u the meeting in no doubt that he wanted the deal to go ahead .

And Abul Pharajius tells us , that Zerdusht , or Zoroastres , ( who was the great Patriarch of the Magians , who wrote the Book Zendavesta ( which is the Bible of that Sect ) and whose Name is still in the same Veneration among them , as that of Moses is among the Jews , and that of Muhammed among his Followers ) foretold to his Magians the Coming of Christ … Bowles doubtless restrained his erudition when instructing the Brackley congregation , yet it remains a temptation to speculate on the manner in which Mary Leapor received her religion .
and abul pharajius tells us , that zerdusht , or zoroastres , ( who was the great patriarch of the magians , who wrote the book zendavesta ( which is the bible of that sect ) and whose name is still in the same veneration among them , as that of moses is among the jews , and that of muhammed among his followers ) foretold to his magians the coming of christ … bowles doubtless restrained his erudition when instructing the brackley congregation , yet it [stays] a temptation to speculate on the manner in which mary leapor received her religion .

What are now her Remains were the First fruits of her Studies … In chapter four below , there will be an examination of her poetry to demonstrate what sorts of books Leapor read , and especially those that made a strong impact on her work .
what are now her [stays] were the first fruits of her studies … in chapter four below , there will be an examination of her poetry to demonstrate what sorts of books leapor read , and especially those that made a strong impact on her work .

We are reminded by the silences in Leapor 's texts that the pursuit of happiness as an enabling myth , in terms of official precept accessible to women through romantic love and marriage , remains in this period largely a privilege of bourgeois male subjects . For women and the lower classes , unhappiness is to be endured , not abandoned , even for the pursuit of imaginary alternatives
we are reminded by the silences in leapor 's texts that the pursuit of happiness as an enabling myth , in terms of official precept accessible to women through romantic love and marriage , [stays] in this period largely a privilege of bourgeois male subjects . for women and the lower classes , unhappiness is to be endured , not abandoned , even for the pursuit of imaginary alternatives

If Landry consistently overstates Leapor 's radicalism , it remains true that by the standards of her time Leapor 's views on marriage and the family were critical and hard-edged . That she could deal with the philosophical and ideological issues related to women 's position in the family is evident from the poem ‘ Man the Monarch ’ in which she debunks the view that men 's sovereignty over women derives from Adam :
if landry consistently overstates leapor 's radicalism , it [stays] true that by the standards of her time leapor 's views on marriage and the family were critical and hard-edged . that she could deal with the philosophical and ideological issues related to women 's position in the family is evident from the poem ‘ man the monarch ’ in which she debunks the view that men 's sovereignty over women derives from adam :

… Sappho 's name also functions in this period as a sign of transgressive female desire . If we read ‘ An Hymn to the Morning ’ in the light of Mira 's yearning to match Sappho in poetical sweetness , her technical rivalry with the Lesbian muse … and , more contentiously , her rivalry with Sappho as a wooer of women , her technical rivalry with the lesbian lover … the eroticism of Leapor 's textuality becomes distinctly noticeable , though it remains safely mediated by conventional landscape cathexis
… sappho 's name also functions in this period as a sign of transgressive female desire . if we read ‘ an hymn to the morning ’ in the light of mira 's yearning to match sappho in poetical sweetness , her technical rivalry with the lesbian muse … and , more contentiously , her rivalry with sappho as a wooer of women , her technical rivalry with the lesbian lover … the eroticism of leapor 's textuality becomes distinctly noticeable , though it [stays] safely mediated by conventional landscape cathexis

While it would be erroneous to view this sort of poetry as a unified and self-conscious expression of cultural resistance , it remains possible to see in it assertions of identity and interest separate from those of more affluent writers .
while it would be erroneous to view this sort of poetry as a unified and self-conscious expression of cultural resistance , it [stays] possible to see in it assertions of identity and interest separate from those of more affluent writers .

’ Even if one remains within the traditional canon of the eighteenth century , it is hard to believe that a major critic could so easily dispense with Goldsmith , Crabbe , and Burns .
’ even if one [stays] within the traditional canon of the eighteenth century , it is hard to believe that a major critic could so easily dispense with goldsmith , crabbe , and burns .

The elegance of the woman 's appearance , her hoop ear-rings , is carefully realized , but the couple stare out of the canvas blankly , nothing has registered on their faces , neither pain nor passion , and Modigliani remains detached , if faintly amused , by their front of respectability .
the elegance of the woman 's appearance , her hoop ear-rings , is carefully realized , but the couple stare out of the canvas blankly , nothing has registered on their faces , neither pain nor passion , and modigliani [stays] detached , if faintly amused , by their front of respectability .

However romanticized that account may be , it remains true that , whether through loyalty , vision or ambition for himself , Zborowski trudged the streets of Paris trying to sell Modigliani 's work to dealers , critics and collectors .
however romanticized that account may be , it [stays] true that , whether through loyalty , vision or ambition for himself , zborowski trudged the streets of paris trying to sell modigliani 's work to dealers , critics and collectors .

The man who associated himself with the Imperial ideas , and who remains for ever identified with them , was Baron Haussmann .
the man who associated himself with the imperial ideas , and who [stays] for ever identified with them , was baron haussmann .

16.5 The requirements to make time for independent reading , not least as a source of pleasure , remains crucial , whatever the total curriculum demands .
16.5 the requirements to make time for independent reading , not least as a source of pleasure , [stays] crucial , whatever the total curriculum demands .

It remains very important at secondary level that reading should also be encouraged outside the classroom , at home , in libraries at school or in the locality .
it [stays] very important at secondary level that reading should also be encouraged outside the classroom , at home , in libraries at school or in the locality .

Despite the spread of values emphasising achievement and competition , personalism remains an essential feature of social relations in Latin America , probably because of the continuance of uncertainty and insecurity .
despite the spread of values emphasising achievement and competition , personalism [stays] an essential feature of social relations in latin america , probably because of the continuance of uncertainty and insecurity .

Nevertheless , the family remains patriarchal and a key institution in society .
nevertheless , the family [stays] patriarchal and a key institution in society .

Some of the favelas have been knocked down , but there still remains the problem of shelter for their inhabitants .
some of the favelas have been knocked down , but there still [stays] the problem of shelter for their inhabitants .

Although laws were passed in the 1960s , reducing the share of United States ' capital in the firm , it still remains the major shareholder .
although laws were passed in the 1960s , reducing the share of united states ' capital in the firm , it still [stays] the major shareholder .

How much notice the authorities will take of them remains to be seen .
how much notice the authorities will take of them [stays] to be seen .

Under assault by Muslim Arabs , they found that these pinnacles provided their only protection and they clung on there , up amid the remains of the ancient cedar forests .
under assault by muslim arabs , they found that these pinnacles provided their only protection and they clung on there , up amid the [stays] of the ancient cedar forests .

The only Armenian remains to be saved were found in the desert around Deir Ez-Zohr .
the only armenian [stays] to be saved were found in the desert around deir ez-zohr .

These are the human remains that appear in the picture of the priests , from bodies that had already been torn apart by dogs before they were found in the sand .
these are the human [stays] that appear in the picture of the priests , from bodies that had already been torn apart by dogs before they were found in the sand .

Camp Marash , where perhaps 150,000 Armenians now live , spawned its own gunmen in the 1980s , the ‘ Armenian Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia ’ , whose assassination campaign against Turkish diplomats has provided a violent epitaph for the calcified remains in the Antelyas ossuary .
camp marash , where perhaps 150,000 armenians now live , spawned its own gunmen in the 1980s , the ‘ armenian secret army for the liberation of armenia ’ , whose assassination campaign against turkish diplomats has provided a violent epitaph for the calcified [stays] in the antelyas ossuary .

By tacit agreement , Vic customarily moves his bowels in here , while Marjorie uses the guest cloakroom off the front hall , so that the atmosphere of the en suite bathroom remains unpolluted .
by tacit agreement , vic customarily moves his bowels in here , while marjorie uses the guest cloakroom off the front hall , so that the atmosphere of the en suite bathroom [stays] unpolluted .

But it must also draw the distinction between the deviant and the normal , for otherwise the very reason why the ‘ institution ’ exists and why deviant cases take the special form they do remains inexplicable .
but it must also draw the distinction between the deviant and the normal , for otherwise the very reason why the ‘ institution ’ exists and why deviant cases take the special form they do [stays] inexplicable .

Whatever the force of Nozick 's implied challenge to alternative interpretations of neutrality , the question remains whether his reply succeeds in its primary aim of defending his own .
whatever the force of nozick 's implied challenge to alternative interpretations of neutrality , the question [stays] whether his reply succeeds in its primary aim of defending his own .

The argument remains to be made .
the argument [stays] to be made .

My point is merely that even if this is so , the fact remains that narrow neutrality is often all that is meant by ‘ neutrality ’ .
my point is merely that even if this is so , the fact [stays] that narrow neutrality is often all that is meant by ‘ neutrality ’ .

Just as much as there is little trust left among many miners for government commitment to their industry , so there remains a deep-seated hatred for the miners among Conservative politicians .
just as much as there is little trust left among many miners for government commitment to their industry , so there [stays] a deep-seated hatred for the miners among conservative politicians .

However , many discussions of nationalism assume that the topic remains the same regardless of time and place , so that explanations are equally applicable to all cases .
however , many discussions of nationalism assume that the topic [stays] the same regardless of time and place , so that explanations are equally applicable to all cases .

How we survived remains a mystery , but when we eventually arrived at Backakeldy , we were told that the coastguard had been alerted and that our mad passage across the barriers had been watched in amazement by worried would-be rescuers .
how we survived [stays] a mystery , but when we eventually arrived at backakeldy , we were told that the coastguard had been alerted and that our mad passage across the barriers had been watched in amazement by worried would-be rescuers .

Little remains to mark their passing other than small artifacts , found in the middens of their daily life .
little [stays] to mark their passing other than small artifacts , found in the middens of their daily life .

These graves were built to house the remains of important members of the tribe , and one of the most notable lies close to Mrs Mackay 's old home at Skail : a polygonal chamber , with several stone slabs which still hint at the original character of this round cairn .
these graves were built to house the [stays] of important members of the tribe , and one of the most notable lies close to mrs mackay 's old home at skail : a polygonal chamber , with several stone slabs which still hint at the original character of this round cairn .

These Iron Age structures were built before the arrival of the Vikings ; but why they were built , or who their architects feared , remains a mystery to this day .
these iron age structures were built before the arrival of the vikings ; but why they were built , or who their architects feared , [stays] a mystery to this day .

All that remains now of the sixteen dwellings Seller burned are a few tumbled stones , scattered over the green hillside .
all that [stays] now of the sixteen dwellings seller burned are a few tumbled stones , scattered over the green hillside .

In spite of recent forestry around Toftingall , fish are still there , but for how much longer remains to be seen .
in spite of recent forestry around toftingall , fish are still there , but for how much longer [stays] to be seen .

The Forestry Commission are making valiant efforts to re-create these old woodlands , and are trying to preserve the little that remains .
the forestry commission are making valiant efforts to re-create these old woodlands , and are trying to preserve the little that [stays] .

The remains of duns , brochs , stone circles , burial chambers and standing stones lie scattered throughout the island .
the [stays] of duns , brochs , stone circles , burial chambers and standing stones lie scattered throughout the island .

In Loch nan Geireann , between Beinn Dhubh Shollais and Crogary Hills , in the north is Eilean an Tighe , where archaeologists discovered the remains of what is probably the oldest pottery workshop in Western Europe .
in loch nan geireann , between beinn dhubh shollais and crogary hills , in the north is eilean an tighe , where archaeologists discovered the [stays] of what is probably the oldest pottery workshop in western europe .

Some of these caves produced animal remains reputed to be 10,000 years old .
some of these caves produced animal [stays] reputed to be 10,000 years old .

Mallerstang is one of the quietest of the Pennine valleys , unfrequented by tourists and free from heavy traffic : it is a pleasant ribbon of green deepset between lofty heights , sparsely populated and always giving the impression of rural contentment and a way of life that remains as unchanged as the landscape .
mallerstang is one of the quietest of the pennine valleys , unfrequented by tourists and free from heavy traffic : it is a pleasant ribbon of green deepset between lofty heights , sparsely populated and always giving the impression of rural contentment and a way of life that [stays] as unchanged as the landscape .

But Grisedale remains a sad place .
but grisedale [stays] a sad place .

Not in appearance which has changed little , nor in character which remains in essence that of a medieval settlement , but the former strongly individual atmosphere of the place , the aura of bygone days , has been destroyed by the coming of the motor car which increasingly has taken away the privacy of the little town .
not in appearance which has changed little , nor in character which [stays] in essence that of a medieval settlement , but the former strongly individual atmosphere of the place , the aura of bygone days , has been destroyed by the coming of the motor car which increasingly has taken away the privacy of the little town .

In Victorian times there was a flourishing ‘ marble ’ works here , of which only the site remains ; it engaged in the cutting , dressing and polishing of dark grey limestone won from nearby quarries to produce an appearance of marble , but which was made even more attractive by the presence of fossil patterns in the stone .
in victorian times there was a flourishing ‘ marble ’ works here , of which only the site [stays] ; it engaged in the cutting , dressing and polishing of dark grey limestone won from nearby quarries to produce an appearance of marble , but which was made even more attractive by the presence of fossil patterns in the stone .

This is the usual way into the caverns and remains so despite the later discovery of Lancaster Hole , since the access is easier .
this is the usual way into the caverns and [stays] so despite the later discovery of lancaster hole , since the access is easier .

True , there is a stream Kingsdale Beck , draining the slopes of Whernside at the head of the valley and accompanying the road down but for much of its early journey it prefers to travel under rather than on its limestone bed and remains out of sight and hearing .
true , there is a stream kingsdale beck , draining the slopes of whernside at the head of the valley and accompanying the road down but for much of its early journey it prefers to travel under rather than on its limestone bed and [stays] out of sight and hearing .

The ascent of Whernside from the north has two advantages over other routes : first , for much of the journey the lovely valley of Dentdale remains in sight to counter the increasing harshness of the terrain and , secondly , an alternative route of return is available .
the ascent of whernside from the north has two advantages over other routes : first , for much of the journey the lovely valley of dentdale [stays] in sight to counter the increasing harshness of the terrain and , secondly , an alternative route of return is available .

It remains to be seen how this will operate in practice .
it [stays] to be seen how this will operate in practice .

These channels have the advantage that the signal remains within the cell membrane and never enters the external medium — rather like a private line .
these channels have the advantage that the signal [stays] within the cell membrane and never enters the external medium — rather like a private line .

In spite of thousands of experiments the nature of the signal to this day remains unknown .
in spite of thousands of experiments the nature of the signal to this day [stays] unknown .

It is assumed that different pattern-controlling genes are switched on in forelimb and hindlimb , but this remains speculation .
it is assumed that different pattern-controlling genes are switched on in forelimb and hindlimb , but this [stays] speculation .

When the stem cell divides one of the two daughter cells may go on to give rise to other types of cell , whereas the other daughter cell remains a stem cell , capable of dividing again and always giving one daughter to diversification .
when the stem cell divides one of the two daughter cells may go on to give rise to other types of cell , whereas the other daughter cell [stays] a stem cell , capable of dividing again and always giving one daughter to diversification .

Through all this change , rivers have continued to flow ; but , for those who have eyes to see , the imprint of each generation remains , varying and concentrating the character of each stream which flows past our homes and our lives .
through all this change , rivers have continued to flow ; but , for those who have eyes to see , the imprint of each generation [stays] , varying and concentrating the character of each stream which flows past our homes and our lives .

Studies made on the river Lugg in Herefordshire show that the rubbly remains of fords or bridges which collapsed long ago have created a gravelly river bed which encourages crowfoot .
studies made on the river lugg in herefordshire show that the rubbly [stays] of fords or bridges which collapsed long ago have created a gravelly river bed which encourages crowfoot .

Wetlands under threat have included a variety of landscapes : swamps of tall reed or reed sweet-grass ; marshes of rush and sedge , which sometimes develop into scrub of willow and bog myrtle ; fens , whose lush vegetation is nourished by alkaline groundwater , and which range from open pools , often the remains of peat cutting , to grazed beds of meadowsweet and iris , grading in turn to the wet woodlands known as alder ‘ carr ’ ; mires , such as the mosses of the North-West , whose deep peatlands support sphagnum moss and heather , scattered with glades of birch , the favourite haunt of nightjars .
wetlands under threat have included a variety of landscapes : swamps of tall reed or reed sweet-grass ; marshes of rush and sedge , which sometimes develop into scrub of willow and bog myrtle ; fens , whose lush vegetation is nourished by alkaline groundwater , and which range from open pools , often the [stays] of peat cutting , to grazed beds of meadowsweet and iris , grading in turn to the wet woodlands known as alder ‘ carr ’ ; mires , such as the mosses of the north-west , whose deep peatlands support sphagnum moss and heather , scattered with glades of birch , the favourite haunt of nightjars .

It remains one of the least known , and , despite much intensively farmed land , one of the wildest regions of lowland England .
it [stays] one of the least known , and , despite much intensively farmed land , one of the wildest regions of lowland england .

Only one man could see the situation clearly : Thomas Love Peacock , who described the scenic effect of Madocks 's project in his novel Headlong Hall : ‘ The mountain frame remains unchanged , unchangeable : but the liquid mirror it enclosed is gone .
only one man could see the situation clearly : thomas love peacock , who described the scenic effect of madocks 's project in his novel headlong hall : ‘ the mountain frame [stays] unchanged , unchangeable : but the liquid mirror it enclosed is gone .

On the only aged willow that in all the field remains .
on the only aged willow that in all the field [stays] .

The broader and more difficult question remains .
the broader and more difficult question [stays] .

Home care for the stroke patient may be chosen because the patient 's doctor feels that the necessary rehabilitation can be done at home , or might be best done at home ; the patient may be more comfortable , and therefore more co-operative to treatment if he remains among familiar surroundings ; he might be liable to excessive stress if parted from his close family , friends or a beloved pet ; or it may be a temporary situation , in which the patient is waiting for a bed in a specialist rehabilitation unit to become available .
home care for the stroke patient may be chosen because the patient 's doctor feels that the necessary rehabilitation can be done at home , or might be best done at home ; the patient may be more comfortable , and therefore more co-operative to treatment if he [stays] among familiar surroundings ; he might be liable to excessive stress if parted from his close family , friends or a beloved pet ; or it may be a temporary situation , in which the patient is waiting for a bed in a specialist rehabilitation unit to become available .

The patient remains sitting in it while washing , and is then lifted out .
the patient [stays] sitting in it while washing , and is then lifted out .

He stands up with the assistance of the therapist : he may do his trousers up while the therapist makes sure he remains properly aligned and upright , or the therapist may fasten the trousers while the patient concentrates on standing and balancing .
he stands up with the assistance of the therapist : he may do his trousers up while the therapist makes sure he [stays] properly aligned and upright , or the therapist may fasten the trousers while the patient concentrates on standing and balancing .

In other cases he remains cut off , although he may then recover well enough physically and mentally to start a new life , perhaps even setting up home with someone else and taking on a new job .
in other cases he [stays] cut off , although he may then recover well enough physically and mentally to start a new life , perhaps even setting up home with someone else and taking on a new job .

Each stage involves goals for the patient : while they have to be progressive , they should always be attainable so that the patient remains well motivated , and avoids depression .
each stage involves goals for the patient : while they have to be progressive , they should always be attainable so that the patient [stays] well motivated , and avoids depression .

Appropriate feedback is vital in the patient 's relearning process , so he receives praise only when it is deserved : if he fails in any way , the physiotherapist remains encouraging and positive about it , but shows him how and why he went wrong , or she may simply leave that task for the moment and return to it later , when the patient can concentrate and get it right .
appropriate feedback is vital in the patient 's relearning process , so he receives praise only when it is deserved : if he fails in any way , the physiotherapist [stays] encouraging and positive about it , but shows him how and why he went wrong , or she may simply leave that task for the moment and return to it later , when the patient can concentrate and get it right .

Henry the Lion died in 1195 , and was buried in Brunswick where his tomb still remains .
henry the lion died in 1195 , and was buried in brunswick where his tomb still [stays] .

The remains of Barbarossa 's imperial palace at Gelnhausen .
the [stays] of barbarossa 's imperial palace at gelnhausen .

Needless to say , the cairn crumbled , probably sabotaged by a disgruntled worker who got home to find he 'd already read this particular volume of Gaelic poetry , and Ben Lawers remains at 3,984 feet .
needless to say , the cairn crumbled , probably sabotaged by a disgruntled worker who got home to find he 'd already read this particular volume of gaelic poetry , and ben lawers [stays] at 3,984 feet .

Her spirit still dominated Thrush Green , and her remains lay at rest in St Andrew 's churchyard .
her spirit still dominated thrush green , and her [stays] lay at rest in st andrew 's churchyard .

Tristan has two near neighbours , both uninhabited , Nightingale and Inaccessible , and a third a couple of hundred kilometres further south , Gough Island ; all of them are the battered remains of extinct volcanoes .
tristan has two near neighbours , both uninhabited , nightingale and inaccessible , and a third a couple of hundred kilometres further south , gough island ; all of them are the battered [stays] of extinct volcanoes .

To all intents and purposes , though , magnetic north remains north .
to all intents and purposes , though , magnetic north [stays] north .

Since there still remains so much more archaeological work to do on Santorin , three more completely documented eruptions will be described in this chapter .
since there still [stays] so much more archaeological work to do on santorin , three more completely documented eruptions will be described in this chapter .

In 1595 , some remains of the city came to light during excavation work for a new aqueduct — a few coins , and some fragments of marble tablets containing inscriptions referring to Pompeii .
in 1595 , some [stays] of the city came to light during excavation work for a new aqueduct — a few coins , and some fragments of marble tablets containing inscriptions referring to pompeii .

In the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , when noble families all over Europe were becoming increasingly art-conscious in the wake of the Renaissance and anxious to fill their mansions and palaces with pieces of classical statuary and other antiquities , the remains of Pompeii were ravaged haphazardly , with innumerable random pits being dug in the hope of turning up items of value , particularly small carved figures , vases and pieces of jewellery .
in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , when noble families all over europe were becoming increasingly art-conscious in the wake of the renaissance and anxious to fill their mansions and palaces with pieces of classical statuary and other antiquities , the [stays] of pompeii were ravaged haphazardly , with innumerable random pits being dug in the hope of turning up items of value , particularly small carved figures , vases and pieces of jewellery .

Although the excavations are not yet wholly complete , many hectares of the town have now been revealed to the light of day , and it is now possible to stroll along the abandoned streets once more with the remains of shops , houses and villas on either side .
although the excavations are not yet wholly complete , many hectares of the town have now been revealed to the light of day , and it is now possible to stroll along the abandoned streets once more with the [stays] of shops , houses and villas on either side .

Looking down below them from the top , they saw that a small crater with the remains of a dried-up lake in it was emitting sulphurous vapours from several points .
looking down below them from the top , they saw that a small crater with the [stays] of a dried-up lake in it was emitting sulphurous vapours from several points .

The coast is strewn with wreckage , with the keels of the overturned boats , all that remains of the twenty to thirty ships which lay at anchor here the day before .
the coast is strewn with wreckage , with the keels of the overturned boats , all that [stays] of the twenty to thirty ships which lay at anchor here the day before .

In short compass , it was held that someone who by reference to purely biological criteria is undoubtedly of the male sex at birth remains a male , notwithstanding a diagnosis of transsexualism , medical and surgical intervention to alter external sexual characteristics , and adoption of a female role or gender identity .
in short compass , it was held that someone who by reference to purely biological criteria is undoubtedly of the male sex at birth [stays] a male , notwithstanding a diagnosis of transsexualism , medical and surgical intervention to alter external sexual characteristics , and adoption of a female role or gender identity .

It now remains to ask what to many is the most difficult question , whether , given that the services are available , albeit on a limited basis , they can properly be denied to certain patients.3 This raises not only the issue of fairness or justice , but also that of selective treatment and respect for life .
it now [stays] to ask what to many is the most difficult question , whether , given that the services are available , albeit on a limited basis , they can properly be denied to certain patients.3 this raises not only the issue of fairness or justice , but also that of selective treatment and respect for life .

As regards the incompetent child , only his parents or legal guardian may speak for him , and then only for as long as he remains under their control or until majority at 18 years of age .
as regards the incompetent child , only his parents or legal guardian may speak for him , and then only for as long as he [stays] under their control or until majority at 18 years of age .

In recent years the study of megalithic remains such as Stonehenge in terms of hypothetical astronomical alignments has led to various interesting speculations concerning prehistoric man 's knowledge of the calendar .
in recent years the study of megalithic [stays] such as stonehenge in terms of hypothetical astronomical alignments has led to various interesting speculations concerning prehistoric man 's knowledge of the calendar .

As regards other time-measuring instruments , extensive remains of two monumental Islamic water-clocks still survive at Fez in Morocco .
as regards other time-measuring instruments , extensive [stays] of two monumental islamic water-clocks still survive at fez in morocco .

Nevertheless , the actual origin of the mechanical clock remains a mystery , although it probably occurred towards the end of the thirteenth century .
nevertheless , the actual origin of the mechanical clock [stays] a mystery , although it probably occurred towards the end of the thirteenth century .

It remains to be seen whether the restructuring will save money , or merely shift essential expenditure between agencies , or simply reduce available services .
it [stays] to be seen whether the restructuring will save money , or merely shift essential expenditure between agencies , or simply reduce available services .

It remains to be seen whether it will suffer the fate of numerous other initiatives on the inner cities and fade into obscurity .
it [stays] to be seen whether it will suffer the fate of numerous other initiatives on the inner cities and fade into obscurity .

The recorded rate of crime then remains on a rough plateau until the end of the 1930s .
the recorded rate of crime then [stays] on a rough plateau until the end of the 1930s .

To take the most obvious arithmetical point , if the number of crimes per police officer increases , then , other things being equal , the detection rate must fall , even if efficiency remains constant .
to take the most obvious arithmetical point , if the number of crimes per police officer increases , then , other things being equal , the detection rate must fall , even if efficiency [stays] constant .

Whether Tendulkar rather than McDermott will be the best bet in that direction remains open to question .
whether tendulkar rather than mcdermott will be the best bet in that direction [stays] open to question .

Whether the cries of anguish for 1991 alone are justified remains to be seen .
whether the cries of anguish for 1991 alone are justified [stays] to be seen .

The project has been somewhat hindered by financial restraints and much remains to be done .
the project has been somewhat hindered by financial restraints and much [stays] to be done .

Moderation is fine , if that is what it is and what It remains .
moderation is fine , if that is what it is and what it [stays] .

Her husband is often away , leaving her alone , but any alliance with Lovejoy remains frustratingly unconsummated .
her husband is often away , leaving her alone , but any alliance with lovejoy [stays] frustratingly unconsummated .

When it be proved that there is no legal right to protest in Britain , for example , there still remains the need to consider the existence of a moral right to do so .
when it be proved that there is no legal right to protest in britain , for example , there still [stays] the need to consider the existence of a moral right to do so .

The issue remains an irritant to many unwilling recipients , but could be left as a relatively harmless result of the publication of names and addresses , were it not for more disquieting developments .
the issue [stays] an irritant to many unwilling recipients , but could be left as a relatively harmless result of the publication of names and addresses , were it not for more disquieting developments .

It clearly precludes the collection of data for its own sake , or just in case it might turn out to be useful ; and it requires that information shall be kept for only as long as it remains relevant .
it clearly precludes the collection of data for its own sake , or just in case it might turn out to be useful ; and it requires that information shall be kept for only as long as it [stays] relevant .

Castle Mound is now all that remains of the once famous Norman castle .
castle mound is now all that [stays] of the once famous norman castle .

The remains of the church and refectory owe their survival to conversion for farm use , but still bear the marks of their complex history .
the [stays] of the church and refectory owe their survival to conversion for farm use , but still bear the marks of their complex history .

It feeds largely on ants whose remains can be found in the birds droppings , which resemble cigarette ash .
it feeds largely on ants whose [stays] can be found in the birds droppings , which resemble cigarette ash .

Gardens incorporate remains of one of the largest Elizabethan gardens in Britain .
gardens incorporate [stays] of one of the largest elizabethan gardens in britain .

All that remains of probably the first country house in England to be modelled on a Palladian villa .
all that [stays] of probably the first country house in england to be modelled on a palladian villa .

All that remains of mediaeval Church Charwelton is the 13th Century Church , Manor House and a barn .
all that [stays] of mediaeval church charwelton is the 13th century church , manor house and a barn .

The former George and Dragon of 1637 ( now a restaurant ) remains and has pargeting ( external decorated plasterwork ) rare in this county .
the former george and dragon of 1637 ( now a restaurant ) [stays] and has pargeting ( external decorated plasterwork ) rare in this county .

High level waste remains active for 250,000 years and is highly toxic to most life forms .
high level waste [stays] active for 250,000 years and is highly toxic to most life forms .

it remains forever in the atmosphere .
it [stays] forever in the atmosphere .

Sadly , one of the most prized wildlife trophies remains the head of a mountain gorilla .
sadly , one of the most prized wildlife trophies [stays] the head of a mountain gorilla .

If the interviewer remains silent then look at her or him as if you are expecting the next move to come from their side .
if the interviewer [stays] silent then look at her or him as if you are expecting the next move to come from their side .

Week 8 : Another pound gone , ½ inch off my bust ( now 40½ inches ) : ¾ inch from my waist , 1 inch off my hips , tum remains the same but have lost 5 inches already , no more off thighs but another ¼ inch off my knees and arms remain unchanged .
week 8 : another pound gone , ½ inch off my bust ( now 40½ inches ) : ¾ inch from my waist , 1 inch off my hips , tum [stays] the same but have lost 5 inches already , no more off thighs but another ¼ inch off my knees and arms remain unchanged .

Even when the argument is over the impossibility of generalizing about marriage , an image remains strong , to be supported or dismantled .
even when the argument is over the impossibility of generalizing about marriage , an image [stays] strong , to be supported or dismantled .

But the question remains , why do we fall in love with one person rather than another when many potential partners are available ? Why is it that a specific person has the indefinable ‘ It ’ and another has not ? What is the nature of this magnetic attraction ?
but the question [stays] , why do we fall in love with one person rather than another when many potential partners are available ? why is it that a specific person has the indefinable ‘ it ’ and another has not ? what is the nature of this magnetic attraction ?

The more one partner complains about the behaviour of the other but remains firmly attached to that person , the more we can suspect that a massive projective system is in operation .
the more one partner complains about the behaviour of the other but [stays] firmly attached to that person , the more we can suspect that a massive projective system is in operation .

But the question remains — why marry ?
but the question [stays] — why marry ?

One perceptive and one judging process can develop side by side , provided one remains subordinate and auxiliary to the other .
one perceptive and one judging process can develop side by side , provided one [stays] subordinate and auxiliary to the other .

Then he lifted the body so that the blood dribbled over the stones and spilt on to the ground in front of him , where it was littered with the remains of other , older offerings — dead flowers , grains of rice and barley , a few coins .
then he lifted the body so that the blood dribbled over the stones and spilt on to the ground in front of him , where it was littered with the [stays] of other , older offerings — dead flowers , grains of rice and barley , a few coins .

When everyone else had finished eating , Chola filled her own plate with the remains of the meat and rice .
when everyone else had finished eating , chola filled her own plate with the [stays] of the meat and rice .

On winter nights the dogs would sleep inside , curled up by the remains of the fire or with the children under one of the goat's-hair rugs .
on winter nights the dogs would sleep inside , curled up by the [stays] of the fire or with the children under one of the goat's-hair rugs .

Kalchu poured out the remains of the raksi into two or three empty bowls and put some more wood on the fire .
kalchu poured out the [stays] of the raksi into two or three empty bowls and put some more wood on the fire .

It is in this context that even the barest skeleton of a common vocabulary that captures the different forms of urban life may be welcomed and it is in this search for cogent communication that the notion of the inner city , so commonly discredited analytically , remains so powerful descriptively .
it is in this context that even the barest skeleton of a common vocabulary that captures the different forms of urban life may be welcomed and it is in this search for cogent communication that the notion of the inner city , so commonly discredited analytically , [stays] so powerful descriptively .

How much longer such presentation remains credible in the light of trends in cities such as New York , where there are at least 90,000 people sleeping on the streets and an annual budget deficit of around $ 500 million is itself a significant issue .
how much longer such presentation [stays] credible in the light of trends in cities such as new york , where there are at least 90,000 people sleeping on the streets and an annual budget deficit of around $ 500 million is itself a significant issue .

In spite of our concern with the dubious provenance of the term itself there remains a need to research ‘ the inner city problem ’ , evaluate existing policies and propose new ones .
in spite of our concern with the dubious provenance of the term itself there [stays] a need to research ‘ the inner city problem ’ , evaluate existing policies and propose new ones .

To what extent these strategic aims are compatible remains to be seen .
to what extent these strategic aims are compatible [stays] to be seen .

He remains a working copywriter , with Ron Brown his long-time art director .
he [stays] a working copywriter , with ron brown his long-time art director .

All that remains is for us to discuss and agree your particular account requirements .
all that [stays] is for us to discuss and agree your particular account requirements .

These results only apply , of course , if the price of the product remains constant .
these results only apply , of course , if the price of the product [stays] constant .

remains constant .
[stays] constant .

There tends to be an easy assumption that satisfactory job training exists because everyone who remains in post in a library must of necessity have learnt to do his job to at least minimum standards … ’
there tends to be an easy assumption that satisfactory job training exists because everyone who [stays] in post in a library must of necessity have learnt to do his job to at least minimum standards … ’

‘ The evaluation of training remains a somewhat uncertain area .
‘ the evaluation of training [stays] a somewhat uncertain area .

To the east there was now the great long arm of East Prussia , an area occupied by German settlers planted on the remains of the Baltic Borussian peoples after the civilising work of the Teutonic Knights .
to the east there was now the great long arm of east prussia , an area occupied by german settlers planted on the [stays] of the baltic borussian peoples after the civilising work of the teutonic knights .

But he remains lying .
but he [stays] lying .

As they pass it remains there , still and unwavering in its gaze into the lighted room .
as they pass it [stays] there , still and unwavering in its gaze into the lighted room .

remains to be seen .
[stays] to be seen .

During sustained spells of hard weather the rabbit has problems , but it remains thoroughly adaptable to the changed circumstances .
during sustained spells of hard weather the rabbit has problems , but it [stays] thoroughly adaptable to the changed circumstances .

Where root crops are fed on the ground to cattle the rabbit has easy pickings and it remains interested and satisfied with the debris littering a field that once held a root crop .
where root crops are fed on the ground to cattle the rabbit has easy pickings and it [stays] interested and satisfied with the debris littering a field that once held a root crop .

It remains in good condition from the marketing point of view .
it [stays] in good condition from the marketing point of view .

The advantage of this is that since the signal position remains the same the signal too is unchanged .
the advantage of this is that since the signal position [stays] the same the signal too is unchanged .

This allows it to gather moisture should it become lost ; its mouth remains wet and the string is wet too .
this allows it to gather moisture should it become lost ; its mouth [stays] wet and the string is wet too .

Hinged doors opening outwards from floor level facilitate easy cleaning and the hutch must be constructed to stand off the floor , preferably on legs , to ensure that urine and surplus drinking water drain away easily so that the floor remains dry .
hinged doors opening outwards from floor level facilitate easy cleaning and the hutch must be constructed to stand off the floor , preferably on legs , to ensure that urine and surplus drinking water drain away easily so that the floor [stays] dry .

When the net is set the top and bottom lines are tight , but the net itself remains slack .
when the net is set the top and bottom lines are tight , but the net itself [stays] slack .

But the problem remains .
but the problem [stays] .

The ferret is , of course , still on the line and remains close at hand on the surface near the hole .
the ferret is , of course , still on the line and [stays] close at hand on the surface near the hole .

On the other hand , if it remains alive it may try to jump out of the hole and you can catch it in your hands .
on the other hand , if it [stays] alive it may try to jump out of the hole and you can catch it in your hands .

As a matter of fact , he called upon Mr Fawcett and unburthened [ sic ] his apprehensions … Deceased 's father , with Thomas Hawkswell [ sic ] set out as a search party , and eventually traced the ‘ footings ’ of the missing man … to the old Groove house , and found the lifeless body of young Brown lying just outside the dilapidated building , with his faithful dog watching over the remains of its departed master … the deceased had been married about nine months but he , however , resided with his father at Blackton , while his wife lived with her mother at Bowes , pending their securing a farm and home to themselves , a consummation well within sight at the time of this untoward happening — this mysterious interposition , which surely intimates eternity to man … ‘
as a matter of fact , he called upon mr fawcett and unburthened [ sic ] his apprehensions … deceased 's father , with thomas hawkswell [ sic ] set out as a search party , and eventually traced the ‘ footings ’ of the missing man … to the old groove house , and found the lifeless body of young brown lying just outside the dilapidated building , with his faithful dog watching over the [stays] of its departed master … the deceased had been married about nine months but he , however , resided with his father at blackton , while his wife lived with her mother at bowes , pending their securing a farm and home to themselves , a consummation well within sight at the time of this untoward happening — this mysterious interposition , which surely intimates eternity to man … ‘

The great art is to ensure that the coat ( dressed face ) remains tight and even .
the great art is to ensure that the coat ( dressed face ) [stays] tight and even .

His taste for walking remains unabated and he has actually visited all the sites to which he so clearly refers .
his taste for walking [stays] unabated and he has actually visited all the sites to which he so clearly refers .

Already two-thirds of children with tumours can be cured ; there is still a great deal of research which remains to be done .
already two-thirds of children with tumours can be cured ; there is still a great deal of research which [stays] to be done .

The Tree Collection , as purchased in 1972 from Tree 's last surviving daughter , the late Lady Cory-Wright , has been and remains of incalculable value to biographers and researchers into Tree 's production and turn-of-the-century staging in general .
the tree collection , as purchased in 1972 from tree 's last surviving daughter , the late lady cory-wright , has been and [stays] of incalculable value to biographers and researchers into tree 's production and turn-of-the-century staging in general .

’ Mr Kray spoke up in reply from his fortified Nottingham retreat to say that in fact Mr McVitie 's remains are to be found in Whitstable Bay , Kent .
’ mr kray spoke up in reply from his fortified nottingham retreat to say that in fact mr mcvitie 's [stays] are to be found in whitstable bay , kent .

Unfortunately , however , this approach is not adequate , for although the samples were well matched ( see Table 2.3 ) , inevitably , because of the number of variables relevant to determining whether or not a person remains at home , they could not be perfectly matched .
unfortunately , however , this approach is not adequate , for although the samples were well matched ( see table 2.3 ) , inevitably , because of the number of variables relevant to determining whether or not a person [stays] at home , they could not be perfectly matched .

It remains a most economical breed to rear , able to thrive on rough grazing and to fatten on low-cost rations , and is a popular ranching breed , exported to more than 60 countries .
it [stays] a most economical breed to rear , able to thrive on rough grazing and to fatten on low-cost rations , and is a popular ranching breed , exported to more than 60 countries .

yet the breed is ideally suited to its rugged upland environment and for the most part remains unimproved — nor need it be .
yet the breed is ideally suited to its rugged upland environment and for the most part [stays] unimproved — nor need it be .

Today the Longhorn remains one of Britain 's rare breeds .
today the longhorn [stays] one of britain 's rare breeds .

The coat is thick , soft and fairly long , especially in winter , and the thickness is retained in cold weather ; the coat is shed in warmer weather and it remains sleek in hot climates .
the coat is thick , soft and fairly long , especially in winter , and the thickness is retained in cold weather ; the coat is shed in warmer weather and it [stays] sleek in hot climates .

In the meantime , the milk remains ideal for cheese-making and the breed 's beef production is creditable for a dairy type .
in the meantime , the milk [stays] ideal for cheese-making and the breed 's beef production is creditable for a dairy type .

Though less fat today , it remains massive in build and has retained enough of its original milking capacity to make an excellent suckler cow , with high conception and calving rates , and a hardiness and placidity that make management a pleasure .
though less fat today , it [stays] massive in build and has retained enough of its original milking capacity to make an excellent suckler cow , with high conception and calving rates , and a hardiness and placidity that make management a pleasure .

It was often used to clean up patchy pastures , rough grazing and marshland , and it remains a superb and thrifty grazer with the quiet temperament of its working ancestors .
it was often used to clean up patchy pastures , rough grazing and marshland , and it [stays] a superb and thrifty grazer with the quiet temperament of its working ancestors .

It has the potential to be a double-suckler ( some families have a tendency to produce twins ) and remains well able to produce high-quality meat and milk from low-protein foodstuffs , with an excellent food conversion rate .
it has the potential to be a double-suckler ( some families have a tendency to produce twins ) and [stays] well able to produce high-quality meat and milk from low-protein foodstuffs , with an excellent food conversion rate .

There were other polled cattle in Ireland throughout the ages : the ‘ maol ’ ( hornless ) types are referred to in traditional cattle-raiding stories which in some cases can be traced back to the fourth century , and remains of polled cattle have been found ( along with small , horned Kerry types ) at archaeological sites dating back three to four thousand years .
there were other polled cattle in ireland throughout the ages : the ‘ maol ’ ( hornless ) types are referred to in traditional cattle-raiding stories which in some cases can be traced back to the fourth century , and [stays] of polled cattle have been found ( along with small , horned kerry types ) at archaeological sites dating back three to four thousand years .

The beef industry remains limited to suckler herds on marginal land or the use of commercial beef bulls on dairy cows .
the beef industry [stays] limited to suckler herds on marginal land or the use of commercial beef bulls on dairy cows .

Today it remains rare and is confined to a limited area .
today it [stays] rare and is confined to a limited area .

The emphasis is on beef but its milk yield remains adequate and it can still be considered a dual-purpose type .
the emphasis is on beef but its milk yield [stays] adequate and it can still be considered a dual-purpose type .

It is a hardy colour-sided breed , brick-red on white , and remains dual-purpose but with the emphasis on milk .
it is a hardy colour-sided breed , brick-red on white , and [stays] dual-purpose but with the emphasis on milk .

In spite of the attempt to introduce earlier maturity by means of the Shorthorn , the Charolais remains a late-maturing breed with the advantage that the animal is heavier before it begins to deposit fat , nor does it need hormones to put more meat on its hindquarters .
in spite of the attempt to introduce earlier maturity by means of the shorthorn , the charolais [stays] a late-maturing breed with the advantage that the animal is heavier before it begins to deposit fat , nor does it need hormones to put more meat on its hindquarters .

Three months passed until Spring arrived and , with it , a hardy body of men sent by the Duchy of Cornwall to hack , blast , burn and bury the remains .
three months passed until spring arrived and , with it , a hardy body of men sent by the duchy of cornwall to hack , blast , burn and bury the [stays] .

The pier was built ; intended to be named after an admiral of the time it was quickly dubbed ‘ the Banjo Pier ’ by the locals and the Banjo Pier it remains .
the pier was built ; intended to be named after an admiral of the time it was quickly dubbed ‘ the banjo pier ’ by the locals and the banjo pier it [stays] .

The village toll-house still remains , though it is no longer necessary for local farmers as in former days to drive their cattle through fields to avoid paying the toll .
the village toll-house still [stays] , though it is no longer necessary for local farmers as in former days to drive their cattle through fields to avoid paying the toll .

Another advantage of being able to tie the punt to stakes so that it remains still is that you can then leger fish , which is otherwise impossible to do correctly due to the punt swinging around and giving false bites .
another advantage of being able to tie the punt to stakes so that it [stays] still is that you can then leger fish , which is otherwise impossible to do correctly due to the punt swinging around and giving false bites .

The action is so smooth and the water displacement so little , hardly any evidence of a disturbed surface , even in calm conditions , remains .
the action is so smooth and the water displacement so little , hardly any evidence of a disturbed surface , even in calm conditions , [stays] .

The principle is that the bottom shot holds the float down almost to the sight-bob , then the rod is placed in two rests and the line is tightened until only the sight-bob remains above surface .
the principle is that the bottom shot holds the float down almost to the sight-bob , then the rod is placed in two rests and the line is tightened until only the sight-bob [stays] above surface .

Then there are times when conditions are so ideal you would almost expect to catch fish on a baitless hook , but the net remains idle .
then there are times when conditions are so ideal you would almost expect to catch fish on a baitless hook , but the net [stays] idle .

However , there still remains an important field for public administration by local elected councils .
however , there still [stays] an important field for public administration by local elected councils .

Indeed , all that remains today of the old inherent rights are the power to control the method of carrying out the functions which Parliament from time to time give to the local authorities and the power to make rules as to the conduct of the meetings of the local authority .
indeed , all that [stays] today of the old inherent rights are the power to control the method of carrying out the functions which parliament from time to time give to the local authorities and the power to make rules as to the conduct of the meetings of the local authority .

The association between age , adaptability , and psychological theory remains one of the major factors that disables older people , particularly within a society in which ‘ change ’ and ‘ progress ’ are increasingly important .
the association between age , adaptability , and psychological theory [stays] one of the major factors that disables older people , particularly within a society in which ‘ change ’ and ‘ progress ’ are increasingly important .

Despite the widespread ageism which exists at both the individual and structural level , there remains widespread social ignorance and denial of its impact .
despite the widespread ageism which exists at both the individual and structural level , there [stays] widespread social ignorance and denial of its impact .

The result is that the evidence for ageism remains unaltered , and the assumptions upon which ageism is based are preserved and perpetuated .
the result is that the evidence for ageism [stays] unaltered , and the assumptions upon which ageism is based are preserved and perpetuated .

The place of geriatric medicine within the new arrangements for the National Health Service also remains unclear .
the place of geriatric medicine within the new arrangements for the national health service also [stays] unclear .

Discrimination and neglect has meant that the design of goods for older people remains a much neglected field , and questions about ease of access , the positioning of buttons and so on , have been much less interesting to designers than the aesthetic judgement .
discrimination and neglect has meant that the design of goods for older people [stays] a much neglected field , and questions about ease of access , the positioning of buttons and so on , have been much less interesting to designers than the aesthetic judgement .

While profitability remains the key factor in the use of expensive floor space , it would make sense to display the products which older people are likely to buy on the ground floor .
while profitability [stays] the key factor in the use of expensive floor space , it would make sense to display the products which older people are likely to buy on the ground floor .

Much remains to be done to translate this statement into reality .
much [stays] to be done to translate this statement into reality .

However , regardless of views about the benefits of legislation ( and this remains , as we shall see , a matter of some controversy ) , the evidence in the 1980s was that simply leaving action to employers had left older workers in an exposed and vulnerable situation .
however , regardless of views about the benefits of legislation ( and this [stays] , as we shall see , a matter of some controversy ) , the evidence in the 1980s was that simply leaving action to employers had left older workers in an exposed and vulnerable situation .

He had evidently just eaten a meal , for the remains of it lay in a red handkerchief open on the ground .
he had evidently just eaten a meal , for the [stays] of it lay in a red handkerchief open on the ground .

Finally , with the government now reinstalled , all that remains is to overhaul Central Office , and give it a thorough spring cleaning .
finally , with the government now reinstalled , all that [stays] is to overhaul central office , and give it a thorough spring cleaning .

Although Good Friday is not the general holiday it used to be , it remains the most emotive day of the Christian calendar , and is celebrated by walks of witness and solemn services .
although good friday is not the general holiday it used to be , it [stays] the most emotive day of the christian calendar , and is celebrated by walks of witness and solemn services .

The idea also remains that ‘ you can never get tickets for Tilford ’ .
the idea also [stays] that ‘ you can never get tickets for tilford ’ .

The chairman announced that one of the committee , Shelagh Godwin , of Godalming , and a former editor of the foundation 's bulletin , has had to resign , but remains a member of the council .
the chairman announced that one of the committee , shelagh godwin , of godalming , and a former editor of the foundation 's bulletin , has had to resign , but [stays] a member of the council .

Lord Home 's remains the unknown premiership of the post-war period .
lord home 's [stays] the unknown premiership of the post-war period .

Under Mrs Thatcher the ‘ Economic Seminar ’ remains highly important .
under mrs thatcher the ‘ economic seminar ’ [stays] highly important .

She may have siphoned much of the collective spirit from the Cabinet Room in the way meetings are conducted , but more than a shadow remains .
she may have siphoned much of the collective spirit from the cabinet room in the way meetings are conducted , but more than a shadow [stays] .

Not to be denied , Chapman arranged a compromise in the form of a 24-hour clock , which remains , in its new position on the south bank , a familiar feature of Highbury .
not to be denied , chapman arranged a compromise in the form of a 24-hour clock , which [stays] , in its new position on the south bank , a familiar feature of highbury .

‘ It remains to be seen whether or not there will be disciples who will carry on his work of popularizing football , making it attractive to the shilling-paying public , ’ commented The Times in its obituary .
‘ it [stays] to be seen whether or not there will be disciples who will carry on his work of popularizing football , making it attractive to the shilling-paying public , ’ commented the times in its obituary .

Even so , it remains an inefficient way of spending funds , because in considering large numbers of new books on different subjects at the same time selectors find it difficult to judge the quality of individual works in relation to the rest of the subject literature , and difficult to take into account — except in the most superficial way — user demand for the books ' subjects .
even so , it [stays] an inefficient way of spending funds , because in considering large numbers of new books on different subjects at the same time selectors find it difficult to judge the quality of individual works in relation to the rest of the subject literature , and difficult to take into account — except in the most superficial way — user demand for the books ' subjects .

the length of time a book remains upon the shelf between successive uses .
the length of time a book [stays] upon the shelf between successive uses .

The remains of the conduit track can be seen in the road behind the car .
the [stays] of the conduit track can be seen in the road behind the car .

Today only the Starr Gate–Fleetwood line remains , which is 11½ miles in length , or 18 kilometres .
today only the starr gate–fleetwood line [stays] , which is 11½ miles in length , or 18 kilometres .

The remains of the old Motherwell car are lying in the inspection pit underneath !
the [stays] of the old motherwell car are lying in the inspection pit underneath !

The Tramway Engineer , Mr. Freddie Field , was responsible for the display , and his centre-piece was the creation of an illuminated Venetian Gondola from the remains of car 28 , which had been replaced by a new Standard car of the same number .
the tramway engineer , mr. freddie field , was responsible for the display , and his centre-piece was the creation of an illuminated venetian gondola from the [stays] of car 28 , which had been replaced by a new standard car of the same number .

The 372-foot shaft is now sealed , but the well-head with its elaborate winding gear remains , an awesome contraption of wood and iron housed beneath a tiled roof .
the 372-foot shaft is now sealed , but the well-head with its elaborate winding gear [stays] , an awesome contraption of wood and iron housed beneath a tiled roof .

In Plessey Woods along the banks of the River Blyth near Hartford Bridge are the remains of old bell pits .
in plessey woods along the banks of the river blyth near hartford bridge are the [stays] of old bell pits .

One of the classic locations of the tin- and copper-mining industry in Cornwall , the remains of the Botallack and Levant mines are famous industrial monuments on the Land 's End peninsula .
one of the classic locations of the tin- and copper-mining industry in cornwall , the [stays] of the botallack and levant mines are famous industrial monuments on the land 's end peninsula .

Several remains of treatment plants can be seen here as well as the quarries themselves .
several [stays] of treatment plants can be seen here as well as the quarries themselves .

Modern commercial shipping docks downriver from the city at Portishead and Avonmouth , but much of interest remains preserved at the City Docks .
modern commercial shipping docks downriver from the city at portishead and avonmouth , but much of interest [stays] preserved at the city docks .

In the woods near Duddon Bridge , a mile west of the town , are the remains of a charcoal blast furnace , with some ruined buildings and workers ' dwellings nearby .
in the woods near duddon bridge , a mile west of the town , are the [stays] of a charcoal blast furnace , with some ruined buildings and workers ' dwellings nearby .

At Harle Syke , just outside the town to the north-east , Queen Street Mill , which used to be a cotton mill , has been preserved by the local council in association with Pennine Heritage , and the building 's steam engine , which powered the looms , remains in situ and in working order .
at harle syke , just outside the town to the north-east , queen street mill , which used to be a cotton mill , has been preserved by the local council in association with pennine heritage , and the building 's steam engine , which powered the looms , [stays] in situ and in working order .

The tall engine house of a former lead mine remains west of the village .
the tall engine house of a former lead mine [stays] west of the village .

Within the castle precincts and close to the Saxon church of St Mary-in Castro are the remains of a Roman lighthouse , or pharos , built early in the imperial occupation of Britain to guide cross-channel vessels .
within the castle precincts and close to the saxon church of st mary-in castro are the [stays] of a roman lighthouse , or pharos , built early in the imperial occupation of britain to guide cross-channel vessels .

It was 8 years before a new bridge was completed beside the remains of the old , the stumps of which can still be seen .
it was 8 years before a new bridge was completed beside the [stays] of the old , the stumps of which can still be seen .

The village was an important source of gunpowder in the nineteenth century , and remains of the industry can still be seen .
the village was an important source of gunpowder in the nineteenth century , and [stays] of the industry can still be seen .

Two and a half miles north-west of the town centre by the River Meon is the site of the Funtley Iron Mill , an eighteenth-century forge where Henry Cort , whose house remains nearby , developed in 1784 the ‘ dry puddling ’ process for producing wrought iron on a large scale .
two and a half miles north-west of the town centre by the river meon is the site of the funtley iron mill , an eighteenth-century forge where henry cort , whose house [stays] nearby , developed in 1784 the ‘ dry puddling ’ process for producing wrought iron on a large scale .

It worked regularly for over a hundred and fifty years , its machinery driven by an undershot wheel which remains .
it worked regularly for over a hundred and fifty years , its machinery driven by an undershot wheel which [stays] .

The canal is now disused and partly filled in , but its course can be followed , and it has the remains of locks , aqueducts and a tunnel .
the canal is now disused and partly filled in , but its course can be followed , and it has the [stays] of locks , aqueducts and a tunnel .

Extensive lead mining was done on Grassington Moor , north-east of this Wharfedale village , from at least as early as the Tudor period , and some remains of the industry are still to be seen , mainly dating from the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries .
extensive lead mining was done on grassington moor , north-east of this wharfedale village , from at least as early as the tudor period , and some [stays] of the industry are still to be seen , mainly dating from the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries .

In Haigh Park there is an industrial trail incorporating coal-mining remains , and including the re-erected winding gear of a local pit , and the scene of illicit open-cast mining during the 1926 General Strike .
in haigh park there is an industrial trail incorporating coal-mining [stays] , and including the re-erected winding gear of a local pit , and the scene of illicit open-cast mining during the 1926 general strike .

North-west of the village at Derwentcote are the remains of a cementation furnace dating from the early eighteenth century , a rare survival .
north-west of the village at derwentcote are the [stays] of a cementation furnace dating from the early eighteenth century , a rare survival .

Whoever designed it intended it to be an eye-catcher as well as a practical building , and it remains a local landmark in the middle of a field , Peyto 's estate having long gone .
whoever designed it intended it to be an eye-catcher as well as a practical building , and it [stays] a local landmark in the middle of a field , peyto 's estate having long gone .

The Ironbridge Gorge Museum is an extensive open-air museum embracing the buildings and industrial remains of the former cradle of the Industrial Revolution , centred on Coalbrookdale ( q.v . )
the ironbridge gorge museum is an extensive open-air museum embracing the buildings and industrial [stays] of the former cradle of the industrial revolution , centred on coalbrookdale ( q.v . )

Around the church , cottages and the remains of the county 's largest motte-and-bailey castle are the three large fields , only parts of which have ever been enclosed , where the feudal system of agriculture was practised a thousand years ago .
around the church , cottages and the [stays] of the county 's largest motte-and-bailey castle are the three large fields , only parts of which have ever been enclosed , where the feudal system of agriculture was practised a thousand years ago .

Lead was mined at several sites in Scotland 's Lowther Hills , and there are interesting remains of the industry here , which operated for about six centuries .
lead was mined at several sites in scotland 's lowther hills , and there are interesting [stays] of the industry here , which operated for about six centuries .

At Wanlockhead , to the south , the Straitsteps mine remains include a primitive water-powered beam engine for draining the mine .
at wanlockhead , to the south , the straitsteps mine [stays] include a primitive water-powered beam engine for draining the mine .

Marshall 's flax business declined after his death and closed down altogether in 1886 , but the building remains standing ( and occupied ) as a monument to the slight attack of megalomania that Yorkshire 's textile industry went through in the nineteenth century .
marshall 's flax business declined after his death and closed down altogether in 1886 , but the building [stays] standing ( and occupied ) as a monument to the slight attack of megalomania that yorkshire 's textile industry went through in the nineteenth century .

The grounds of the public library at Wallington seem an unlikely setting for industrial remains , but here can be seen a preserved section of tramway used by the Surrey Iron Railway , the first tramway built as a transport system independent of canal and other industrial transport .
the grounds of the public library at wallington seem an unlikely setting for industrial [stays] , but here can be seen a preserved section of tramway used by the surrey iron railway , the first tramway built as a transport system independent of canal and other industrial transport .

The mill itself dates from early in the nineteenth century , and its waterwheel remains in situ .
the mill itself dates from early in the nineteenth century , and its waterwheel [stays] in situ .

Part of the harbour , known as the Cobb , remains from the late thirteenth or early fourteenth century , when the curved breakwater was built of large stones to construct a small harbour .
part of the harbour , known as the cobb , [stays] from the late thirteenth or early fourteenth century , when the curved breakwater was built of large stones to construct a small harbour .

Several modifications have been made to this bridge in the century and a half since its completion , but it remains basically the same bridge that Telford designed , and was one of the great civil-engineering achievements of the period .
several modifications have been made to this bridge in the century and a half since its completion , but it [stays] basically the same bridge that telford designed , and was one of the great civil-engineering achievements of the period .

There had been a bridge since Roman times , and some remains of a medieval one can still be seen .
there had been a bridge since roman times , and some [stays] of a medieval one can still be seen .

West of the village in Lathkilldale are remains of the lead-mining industry once so important in the Peak District .
west of the village in lathkilldale are [stays] of the lead-mining industry once so important in the peak district .

The remains of engine houses and mining shafts are found over a wide area in this region , as well as ‘ rakes ’ long fissures stretching for miles across the landscape , where miners extracted ore from narrow veins in the carboniferous limestone .
the [stays] of engine houses and mining shafts are found over a wide area in this region , as well as ‘ rakes ’ long fissures stretching for miles across the landscape , where miners extracted ore from narrow veins in the carboniferous limestone .

— to the slain animal , ( vi ) ceremonial treatment of carcass — verbal flattery and solemnity , ( vii ) rules determining who may eat animals ' flesh ( which may include abstention by hunter and/or his entire kin group ) , ( viii ) avoidance of waste , ( ix ) avoidance of boasting , ( x ) ritual disposal of uneatable or unusable remains , and ( xi ) post-hunting purification of the hunter and/or his weapons ( see e.g .
— to the slain animal , ( vi ) ceremonial treatment of carcass — verbal flattery and solemnity , ( vii ) rules determining who may eat animals ' flesh ( which may include abstention by hunter and/or his entire kin group ) , ( viii ) avoidance of waste , ( ix ) avoidance of boasting , ( x ) ritual disposal of uneatable or unusable [stays] , and ( xi ) post-hunting purification of the hunter and/or his weapons ( see e.g .

This may be another example of the human species claiming too much for itself , but the moral point remains .
this may be another example of the human species claiming too much for itself , but the moral point [stays] .

But the fact remains that , for many business executives , the rights they have under their contract remain more valuable — certainly in hard cash terms .
but the fact [stays] that , for many business executives , the rights they have under their contract remain more valuable — certainly in hard cash terms .

More than a decade after the introduction of legislation against sex or race discrimination , it remains true that only a minority of senior business executives are women or members of racial minority groups .
more than a decade after the introduction of legislation against sex or race discrimination , it [stays] true that only a minority of senior business executives are women or members of racial minority groups .

There are no doubt many reasons for this ; one of them is that unspoken , perhaps sometimes subconscious , prejudice remains deeply ingrained in many management structures .
there are no doubt many reasons for this ; one of them is that unspoken , perhaps sometimes subconscious , prejudice [stays] deeply ingrained in many management structures .

It is not , however , automatically unfair to dismiss an employee while he remains eligible for sick pay under the rules of the scheme .
it is not , however , automatically unfair to dismiss an employee while he [stays] eligible for sick pay under the rules of the scheme .

As a result , a volunteer remains entitled to his statutory right to redundancy pay .
as a result , a volunteer [stays] entitled to his statutory right to redundancy pay .

Radon exposure is the hottest issue among radiation scientists today — but it remains almost entirely unknown to the public .
radon exposure is the hottest issue among radiation scientists today — but it [stays] almost entirely unknown to the public .

However , renal dysfunction , especially in long-standing insulin-dependent diabetes , is the exception , although whether hypertension is the cause or a result of the nephropathy remains uncertain .
however , renal dysfunction , especially in long-standing insulin-dependent diabetes , is the exception , although whether hypertension is the cause or a result of the nephropathy [stays] uncertain .

As long as fluid intake remains adequate to compensate for ensuing polyuria the blood volume will remain expanded with resultant elevation of cardiac output and thus blood pressure .
as long as fluid intake [stays] adequate to compensate for ensuing polyuria the blood volume will remain expanded with resultant elevation of cardiac output and thus blood pressure .

Exactly how sodium restriction exerts its hypotensive action and why in only certain people remains unknown .
exactly how sodium restriction exerts its hypotensive action and why in only certain people [stays] unknown .

The role of serum triglyceride remains controversial .
the role of serum triglyceride [stays] controversial .

This system remains patent despite platelet contraction , adhesion and aggregation , and probably serves for the release of the contents of the platelet-storage granules to plasma ( White , 1973 ) .
this system [stays] patent despite platelet contraction , adhesion and aggregation , and probably serves for the release of the contents of the platelet-storage granules to plasma ( white , 1973 ) .

These findings have stimulated an increasing amount of research into the mechanisms involved yet the pathogenesis of thrombus formation remains to be clarified .
these findings have stimulated an increasing amount of research into the mechanisms involved yet the pathogenesis of thrombus formation [stays] to be clarified .

Certainly platelets do not normally adhere to arterial endothelium if it is not damaged but the explanation for this antithrombotic property of intact endothelium remains obscure .
certainly platelets do not normally adhere to arterial endothelium if it is not damaged but the explanation for this antithrombotic property of intact endothelium [stays] obscure .

The nature of this obviously very important event remains unclear .
the nature of this obviously very important event [stays] unclear .

The overall effect of diabetic control on platelet function remains to be clarified .
the overall effect of diabetic control on platelet function [stays] to be clarified .

While urine testing remains the single most useful screening test for diabetes and the adequacy of its management , blood testing in addition provides definitive information and avoids the pitfall of a high renal threshold not uncommon in older patients , or the problem of not having a urine specimen immediately available .
while urine testing [stays] the single most useful screening test for diabetes and the adequacy of its management , blood testing in addition provides definitive information and avoids the pitfall of a high renal threshold not uncommon in older patients , or the problem of not having a urine specimen immediately available .

Regularity of meals remains important , especially for the obese .
regularity of meals [stays] important , especially for the obese .

Whether coal-bearing Westphalian strata will be found remains to be seen , but as thin coals are also known in the Namurian and Upper Viséan in the Dungannon area , a rich potential source rock for gas seems very probable .
whether coal-bearing westphalian strata will be found [stays] to be seen , but as thin coals are also known in the namurian and upper viséan in the dungannon area , a rich potential source rock for gas seems very probable .

The and ratios , plotted against the maturity of the unheated coals ( Fig. 5 ) , show that the composition of the Palaeozoic coal gas remains constant until a reflectance of 1.2–1.3% and only becomes drier at higher maturities .
the and ratios , plotted against the maturity of the unheated coals ( fig. 5 ) , show that the composition of the palaeozoic coal gas [stays] constant until a reflectance of 1.2–1.3% and only becomes drier at higher maturities .

The gas composition remains relatively constant up to 1–1.5 % reflectance , and then increases as the gas becomes drier .
the gas composition [stays] relatively constant up to 1–1.5 % reflectance , and then increases as the gas becomes drier .

When the ‘ hairy ’ mesh of illite plugs the pore-space , practically no permeability remains , even with porosities of 8–12 % .
when the ‘ hairy ’ mesh of illite plugs the pore-space , practically no permeability [stays] , even with porosities of 8–12 % .

Accordingly , the line elements in the initial regions may be taken in the forms of ( 4.19 ) and ( 4.20 ) , namely ( 15.3 ) The initial-value problem is now well set , and it remains to find the unique solution in the interaction region .
accordingly , the line elements in the initial regions may be taken in the forms of ( 4.19 ) and ( 4.20 ) , namely ( 15.3 ) the initial-value problem is now well set , and it [stays] to find the unique solution in the interaction region .

This , and many similar references , suggests that this remains the popular conception of an internal market .
this , and many similar references , suggests that this [stays] the popular conception of an internal market .

It remains to be seen whether Health Authorities will take tough decisions and then seek to justify them , or whether they will seek ways to preserve the existing system , where rationing decisions are not made explicit .
it [stays] to be seen whether health authorities will take tough decisions and then seek to justify them , or whether they will seek ways to preserve the existing system , where rationing decisions are not made explicit .

This , too , is entirely reasonable but it does require that attention be paid to compatibilities of systems so that future system integration remains possible .
this , too , is entirely reasonable but it does require that attention be paid to compatibilities of systems so that future system integration [stays] possible .

In this case , the blueprint remains the White Paper Working for patients .
in this case , the blueprint [stays] the white paper working for patients .

It will then be up to local Health Authorities and Hospital Trusts to decide for themselves what to invest in management development , if Conservative Government remains .
it will then be up to local health authorities and hospital trusts to decide for themselves what to invest in management development , if conservative government [stays] .

It remains an act of common sense or even faith .
it [stays] an act of common sense or even faith .

Yet what remains of first-century jurists in the form of quotations from their works fits well with Gaius ' account .
yet what [stays] of first-century jurists in the form of quotations from their works fits well with gaius ' account .

Even then , however , the problem remains that there is no instruction to Maevius in favour of Seia .
even then , however , the problem [stays] that there is no instruction to maevius in favour of seia .

In this case , however , only the content of the trust which conflicts with the principle of benefit is struck out , and the rest remains in force .
in this case , however , only the content of the trust which conflicts with the principle of benefit is struck out , and the rest [stays] in force .

The jurist replies that it is : the daughter can sue under a trust for relief , so that the whole share left to her remains intact .
the jurist replies that it is : the daughter can sue under a trust for relief , so that the whole share left to her [stays] intact .

No problem so far , for the will remains valid at civil law .
no problem so far , for the will [stays] valid at civil law .

When someone has been asked to make over on death whatever remains of an inheritance , and from the price of objects sold buys other objects , he is not regarded as having diminished [ the estate ] in respect of the objects sold … but the objects thus bought should be made over in place of the ownership which has changed … .
when someone has been asked to make over on death whatever [stays] of an inheritance , and from the price of objects sold buys other objects , he is not regarded as having diminished [ the estate ] in respect of the objects sold … but the objects thus bought should be made over in place of the ownership which has changed … .

Here then the trust remains valid , but since the passage of the actual trust object into the hands of a third person can be attributed directly to the testator and his debts , no execution in rem is allowed .
here then the trust [stays] valid , but since the passage of the actual trust object into the hands of a third person can be attributed directly to the testator and his debts , no execution in rem is allowed .

‘ Of course , said the fair girl , taking the tribute for granted , ‘ there remains the problem of Jacques Thiercelin . ’
‘ of course , said the fair girl , taking the tribute for granted , ‘ there [stays] the problem of jacques thiercelin . ’

Adhesive splicing-tape is applied to the back , so the oxide surface remains uninterrupted .
adhesive splicing-tape is applied to the back , so the oxide surface [stays] uninterrupted .

In the end , it should not be our desire but rather the consciously felt will of our true nature , free of emotional entanglement , that remains as the sole initiator of our action .
in the end , it should not be our desire but rather the consciously felt will of our true nature , free of emotional entanglement , that [stays] as the sole initiator of our action .

The light penetrates deeper into me , down my arms , chest , abdomen and finally my legs , until all the grey heaviness has been washed away and nothing remains within me but the sparkling light .
the light penetrates deeper into me , down my arms , chest , abdomen and finally my legs , until all the grey heaviness has been washed away and nothing [stays] within me but the sparkling light .

Only one certain fact remains with her .
only one certain fact [stays] with her .

It remains unpublished today , save for this truncated and anonymous version , for fear of potentially ruinous legal action .
it [stays] unpublished today , save for this truncated and anonymous version , for fear of potentially ruinous legal action .

How it managed to survive in our sophisticated century remains one of the modern wonders of the world .
how it managed to survive in our sophisticated century [stays] one of the modern wonders of the world .

Ghouls are more accurately evil spirits , believed to haunt graveyards and similar places , and to ‘ feed ’ on human remains .
ghouls are more accurately evil spirits , believed to haunt graveyards and similar places , and to ‘ feed ’ on human [stays] .

For example , predators are important causes of mortality of small mammals , and they may accumulate large assemblages of small mammal remains , but their prey reflects the particular needs and hunting behaviour of the predator rather than being representative of any one habitat .
for example , predators are important causes of mortality of small mammals , and they may accumulate large assemblages of small mammal [stays] , but their prey reflects the particular needs and hunting behaviour of the predator rather than being representative of any one habitat .

Mass mortality of amphibians has been observed in Draycott cave in Somerset ( Table 1.1 ) , where the remains of many hundreds of individuals are preserved in a clay deposit that is normally wet all year .
mass mortality of amphibians has been observed in draycott cave in somerset ( table 1.1 ) , where the [stays] of many hundreds of individuals are preserved in a clay deposit that is normally wet all year .

Because predation is the most important modifying agent operating during the accumulation of small mammal remains , its effects will be discussed in detail later in the book .
because predation is the most important modifying agent operating during the accumulation of small mammal [stays] , its effects will be discussed in detail later in the book .

In the central area of the nest site a great heap of bones and fragmentary remains of pellets had accumulated from the break up of the pellets .
in the central area of the nest site a great heap of bones and fragmentary [stays] of pellets had accumulated from the break up of the pellets .

The manner of death of small mammals , and the immediate post-mortem circumstances of their remains , will determine to a large extent whether they are left in exposed or protected conditions .
the manner of death of small mammals , and the immediate post-mortem circumstances of their [stays] , will determine to a large extent whether they are left in exposed or protected conditions .

Shotwell ( 1955 ) attempted to distinguish between bones from different sources by devising an index of completeness of preservation , by which species represented by most complete remains must have been transported shorter distances and therefore have come from communities close by , while species with less well preserved remains must have come from more distant communities .
shotwell ( 1955 ) attempted to distinguish between bones from different sources by devising an index of completeness of preservation , by which species represented by most complete [stays] must have been transported shorter distances and therefore have come from communities close by , while species with less well preserved [stays] must have come from more distant communities .

This can arise from predators carrying their prey to favoured eating places , storing excess food supplies in caches , and from deposition of pellets or scats with indigestible prey remains contained inside them .
this can arise from predators carrying their prey to favoured eating places , storing excess food supplies in caches , and from deposition of pellets or scats with indigestible prey [stays] contained inside them .

Many birds of prey regurgitate pellets which contain the indigestible remains of their prey , including much of the bone .
many birds of prey regurgitate pellets which contain the indigestible [stays] of their prey , including much of the bone .

They eat their prey at their roosts , littering the cave floor with the broken up remains of their meals .
they eat their prey at their roosts , littering the cave floor with the broken up [stays] of their meals .

As accumulators of small mammal remains , predators introduce a bias into their prey assemblages related to the nature and extent of their territories and hunting areas .
as accumulators of small mammal [stays] , predators introduce a bias into their prey assemblages related to the nature and extent of their territories and hunting areas .

It is sometimes claimed that predator assemblages are of little use in palaeoecological interpretation because of this bias , and because they take prey from areas far removed from the place where the prey remains are deposited by the predator .
it is sometimes claimed that predator assemblages are of little use in palaeoecological interpretation because of this bias , and because they take prey from areas far removed from the place where the prey [stays] are deposited by the predator .

To take some modern analogies , when a lion has made a kill and left the remains to the vultures , it is not likely or necessary to find a lion bone or tooth with the kill in order to identify the predator .
to take some modern analogies , when a lion has made a kill and left the [stays] to the vultures , it is not likely or necessary to find a lion bone or tooth with the kill in order to identify the predator .

If it is possible to generalize from this at all , it is that presence of predator remains in a fossil assemblage gives no indication of method of origin of the assemblage , even if it can be shown to be accumulated by a predator .
if it is possible to generalize from this at all , it is that presence of predator [stays] in a fossil assemblage gives no indication of method of origin of the assemblage , even if it can be shown to be accumulated by a predator .

Firstly , there may be remains of the pellets or scats .
firstly , there may be [stays] of the pellets or scats .

Pellet or scat remains
pellet or scat [stays]

The teeth are still in position relative to one another , but the mandibular bone has almost all been digested ( one fragment remains , detached at the bottom of the teeth ) and the teeth themselves are heavily digested .
the teeth are still in position relative to one another , but the mandibular bone has almost all been digested ( one fragment [stays] , detached at the bottom of the teeth ) and the teeth themselves are heavily digested .

The collection from the nest was made within a few days of the fledglings leaving the nest , and the broken up and trampled remains of pellets and bones from the nest can be mostly attributed to the regurgitated pellets of the fledglings .
the collection from the nest was made within a few days of the fledglings leaving the nest , and the broken up and trampled [stays] of pellets and bones from the nest can be mostly attributed to the regurgitated pellets of the fledglings .

Large mammal prey remains from pellets of Verreaux eagle owl ( Bubo lacteus ) , distal limb elements of small antelopes .
large mammal prey [stays] from pellets of verreaux eagle owl ( bubo lacteus ) , distal limb elements of small antelopes .

Prey remains from beneath a kestrel nest at Aberdyfi , Wales .
prey [stays] from beneath a kestrel nest at aberdyfi , wales .

On the left is a mole carcase turned inside out with many of the bones still attached to the inverted skin ; in the middle , partial remains of mole ( top left ) and vole ( bottom left ) treated in the same way , and bird remains to the right ; and on the right two kestrel pellets .
on the left is a mole carcase turned inside out with many of the bones still attached to the inverted skin ; in the middle , partial [stays] of mole ( top left ) and vole ( bottom left ) treated in the same way , and bird [stays] to the right ; and on the right two kestrel pellets .

Peregrines usually pluck the feathers and strip the flesh off their bird prey , and the nest area of a peregrine may be littered with the discarded remains of its prey .
peregrines usually pluck the feathers and strip the flesh off their bird prey , and the nest area of a peregrine may be littered with the discarded [stays] of its prey .

Common buzzard Buteo buteo and its prey remains consisting of crow and rabbit bones .
common buzzard buteo buteo and its prey [stays] consisting of crow and rabbit bones .

The remains from three species have been analysed ( see Table 2.4 ) .
the [stays] from three species have been analysed ( see table 2.4 ) .

Finally , a number of collections of pellets and/or prey remains from other diurnal raptors have been made ( Table 2.1 ) .
finally , a number of collections of pellets and/or prey [stays] from other diurnal raptors have been made ( table 2.1 ) .

These include remains from beneath an osprey 's nest in Sweden , where the pellets were small and contained no bone but the ground was littered with the defleshed remains of many fish .
these include [stays] from beneath an osprey 's nest in sweden , where the pellets were small and contained no bone but the ground was littered with the defleshed [stays] of many fish .

Several pellets from a gyrfalcon from Iceland were found to consist entirely of bird remains very extensively broken and some of the bones surprisingly large .
several pellets from a gyrfalcon from iceland were found to consist entirely of bird [stays] very extensively broken and some of the bones surprisingly large .

Hyaenas have been shown to accumulate large mammal bones at their dens ( Sutcliffe , 1970 ; Hill , 1975 , 1984 ; Horowitz & Smith , 1988 ) , leopards were probably involved in the accumulation of large mammal bones in the South African cave sites ( Brain , 1981 ) , and wolves and lions can accumulate large mammal remains by carrying prey to preferred eating places ( Haynes , 1982 ) .
hyaenas have been shown to accumulate large mammal bones at their dens ( sutcliffe , 1970 ; hill , 1975 , 1984 ; horowitz & smith , 1988 ) , leopards were probably involved in the accumulation of large mammal bones in the south african cave sites ( brain , 1981 ) , and wolves and lions can accumulate large mammal [stays] by carrying prey to preferred eating places ( haynes , 1982 ) .

None of these larger predators are significant accumulators of small mammal bone , but many species of small mammalian predator have been shown to accumulate small mammal remains in their scats ( Andrews & Evans , 1983 , and references therein ) .
none of these larger predators are significant accumulators of small mammal bone , but many species of small mammalian predator have been shown to accumulate small mammal [stays] in their scats ( andrews & evans , 1983 , and references therein ) .

Other samples of scats from otters and mink were found to contain mainly fish and amphibians , while from stoats and polecats almost no recognizable prey remains were obtained .
other samples of scats from otters and mink were found to contain mainly fish and amphibians , while from stoats and polecats almost no recognizable prey [stays] were obtained .

In a recent account of these groups of mammalian predator Andrews & Evans ( 1983 ) concluded that the damage to the bone of their small mammal prey was so severe that except in rare and easily recognizable cases they could not be significant agents in the accumulation of small mammal remains .
in a recent account of these groups of mammalian predator andrews & evans ( 1983 ) concluded that the damage to the bone of their small mammal prey was so severe that except in rare and easily recognizable cases they could not be significant agents in the accumulation of small mammal [stays] .

This degree of modification comes about partly because of the greater degree of digestion in mammalian carnivores compared with the regurgitated remains from avian predators , and partly because of their use of teeth to break up prey before digestion .
this degree of modification comes about partly because of the greater degree of digestion in mammalian carnivores compared with the regurgitated [stays] from avian predators , and partly because of their use of teeth to break up prey before digestion .

remains of pellets or scats are often diagnostic , but they are rarely present in fossil assemblages ;
[stays] of pellets or scats are often diagnostic , but they are rarely present in fossil assemblages ;

The damage done by these species is so great that only rarely do they produce enough identifiable remains for them to be countable .
the damage done by these species is so great that only rarely do they produce enough identifiable [stays] for them to be countable .

Damage is extensive on both the dentine and the enamel , some teeth having all of the enamel removed , leaving a narrow and eroded dentine core , while others also have much of the dentine removed so that the edges of the dentine , or of the enamel if it still remains , collapses in on itself ( Fig .
damage is extensive on both the dentine and the enamel , some teeth having all of the enamel removed , leaving a narrow and eroded dentine core , while others also have much of the dentine removed so that the edges of the dentine , or of the enamel if it still [stays] , collapses in on itself ( fig .

He remains to this day the third highest League scorer in the history of our club with 99 goals in Division 3 South — for only two centre-forwards , Peter Simpson and Ted Smith , have ever improved on that figure , and of course no winger has ever approached it .
he [stays] to this day the third highest league scorer in the history of our club with 99 goals in division 3 south — for only two centre-forwards , peter simpson and ted smith , have ever improved on that figure , and of course no winger has ever approached it .

Remarkably the whole site remains intact , and is now unique in Ireland .
remarkably the whole site [stays] intact , and is now unique in ireland .

The italicised words take us back to the ‘ Polo Syndrome ’ , and remind us that the fundamental difficulty of all curriculum planning — how to get a quart into a pint pot — still remains to be addressed .
the italicised words take us back to the ‘ polo syndrome ’ , and remind us that the fundamental difficulty of all curriculum planning — how to get a quart into a pint pot — still [stays] to be addressed .

The leader needs to encourage participation , to build on staff strengths , to help evolve a vision amongst staff -s remains the primary challenge of leadership , and the vision requires the building of quality in a participatory enterprise ?
the leader needs to encourage participation , to build on staff strengths , to help evolve a vision amongst staff -s [stays] the primary challenge of leadership , and the vision requires the building of quality in a participatory enterprise ?

This is often extraordinarily hard to achieve , but remains at the heart of a successful schools .
this is often extraordinarily hard to achieve , but [stays] at the heart of a successful schools .

In particular , the benefits are only guaranteed if the rate of tax on policyholders funds applicable to Life Insurance Companies remains at 25 % .
in particular , the benefits are only guaranteed if the rate of tax on policyholders funds applicable to life insurance companies [stays] at 25 % .

If the rate remains at the current rate of 25 % ( which is currently equal to the basic rate of Income Tax ) the benefit will be as outlined in the Introduction .
if the rate [stays] at the current rate of 25 % ( which is currently equal to the basic rate of income tax ) the benefit will be as outlined in the introduction .

Why the foundation of the London Veterinary College so notoriously lagged behind the foundation of the French , and then of other continental veterinary schools , remains unexplained .
why the foundation of the london veterinary college so notoriously lagged behind the foundation of the french , and then of other continental veterinary schools , [stays] unexplained .

Smith could not trace Vial 's tomb ; the chapel was later pulled down , and the bodies buried there were transferred to the Great Northern Cemetery in New Southgate where , on the western side , shaded by yew trees , huge vault slabs cover the remains of the dead removed from the Savoy chapel in the Strand .
smith could not trace vial 's tomb ; the chapel was later pulled down , and the bodies buried there were transferred to the great northern cemetery in new southgate where , on the western side , shaded by yew trees , huge vault slabs cover the [stays] of the dead removed from the savoy chapel in the strand .

Sometimes the basis for grouping may be somewhat more tenuous , although plural reference remains entirely possible , as in ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) :
sometimes the basis for grouping may be somewhat more tenuous , although plural reference [stays] entirely possible , as in ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) :

It remains an empirical issue to track the time-course of the constraints uncovered in the present experiment .
it [stays] an empirical issue to track the time-course of the constraints uncovered in the present experiment .

One problem which remains , even in Dearlove 's formulation , however , is that it tends to present options in rather too clear-cut a fashion .
one problem which [stays] , even in dearlove 's formulation , however , is that it tends to present options in rather too clear-cut a fashion .

But , if the end-result of the changes has not been significantly to reduce spending , it remains to be determined what it actually has achieved and what has been at stake . Duncan and Goodwin argue that :
but , if the end-result of the changes has not been significantly to reduce spending , it [stays] to be determined what it actually has achieved and what has been at stake . duncan and goodwin argue that :

But the key point remains the same — to achieve development the constraints of electoral politics need to be avoided , so that effective decisions can be made and negotiated with key industrial and commercial interests .
but the key point [stays] the same — to achieve development the constraints of electoral politics need to be avoided , so that effective decisions can be made and negotiated with key industrial and commercial interests .

If it is accepted that these moves are taking place , and there seems little doubt that they are , the question remains as to what significance they have , and what they imply .
if it is accepted that these moves are taking place , and there seems little doubt that they are , the question [stays] as to what significance they have , and what they imply .

As a consequence , any increase in overall spending determined at local level will require a substantial increase in local taxation ( assuming central grant remains the same ) , i.e .
as a consequence , any increase in overall spending determined at local level will require a substantial increase in local taxation ( assuming central grant [stays] the same ) , i.e .

And , as was argued earlier regarding Cockburn , even if similar methods have been borrowed it remains to be determined whether the implications are similar too .
and , as was argued earlier regarding cockburn , even if similar methods have been borrowed it [stays] to be determined whether the implications are similar too .

It remains unclear why the changes he identifies have taken place and what the implications are .
it [stays] unclear why the changes he identifies have taken place and what the implications are .

That remains the professional duty of the head .
that [stays] the professional duty of the head .

Mendip offers a wide range of places to visit and heritage attractions include remains of Roman and Iron Age settlements , as well as mediaeval castles at Nunney and Farleigh Hungerford .
mendip offers a wide range of places to visit and heritage attractions include [stays] of roman and iron age settlements , as well as mediaeval castles at nunney and farleigh hungerford .

An integral part of the removal of barriers between member states has been and remains the implementation of the fundamental principle of Community law that member states should not discriminate against one another and should assimilate the treatment they accord to nationals from other member states to the treatment they accord to their own nationals .
an integral part of the removal of barriers between member states has been and [stays] the implementation of the fundamental principle of community law that member states should not discriminate against one another and should assimilate the treatment they accord to nationals from other member states to the treatment they accord to their own nationals .

The existence of different laws , regulations and administrative requirements in the field of establishment and services has the practical effect that the Community market remains partitioned and compartmentalised .
the existence of different laws , regulations and administrative requirements in the field of establishment and services has the practical effect that the community market [stays] partitioned and compartmentalised .

Any outstanding supervision by a host state , such as in the banking sector in relation to liquidity , remains only in the absence of further harmonisation .
any outstanding supervision by a host state , such as in the banking sector in relation to liquidity , [stays] only in the absence of further harmonisation .

As discussed on pages 7 — 8 , the legal basis for these proposals remains controversial and it may be aggravated by the outcome of the Maastricht Summit in December 1991 .
as discussed on pages 7 — 8 , the legal basis for these proposals [stays] controversial and it may be aggravated by the outcome of the maastricht summit in december 1991 .

The issue of a comfort letter by the Commission ensures continued immunity from fines , since the agreement remains a notified agreement .
the issue of a comfort letter by the commission ensures continued immunity from fines , since the agreement [stays] a notified agreement .

The derelict remains of the old building were as depressing as the weather and the bare trees dripped with melting frost like chilling tears .
the derelict [stays] of the old building were as depressing as the weather and the bare trees dripped with melting frost like chilling tears .

Forster got Delaney back into the boat , leaving the gruesome remains to continue on their grinning journey .
forster got delaney back into the boat , leaving the gruesome [stays] to continue on their grinning journey .

As they stood shining their torches down on the twisted bits of metal , they saw it was the mangled remains of a Uzi .
as they stood shining their torches down on the twisted bits of metal , they saw it was the mangled [stays] of a uzi .

‘ And him , ’ Forster nodded , looking down at the shattered , eviscerated remains of the man .
‘ and him , ’ forster nodded , looking down at the shattered , eviscerated [stays] of the man .

Delaney stepped into the wheelhouse , his eyes taking in the smashed console , then dropping down to the grisly , earthly remains of Grant .
delaney stepped into the wheelhouse , his eyes taking in the smashed console , then dropping down to the grisly , earthly [stays] of grant .

Grant 's remains were shovelled into a canvas bag .
grant 's [stays] were shovelled into a canvas bag .

And there remains double bluff .
and there [stays] double bluff .

The line of the course which provided excellent viewing for spectators last year , remains the same , but the degree of difficulty has been stiffened .
the line of the course which provided excellent viewing for spectators last year , [stays] the same , but the degree of difficulty has been stiffened .

For town crier and tourist York remains the place to visit Words : Tony Skinner Photographs : Bill Wilkinson
for town crier and tourist york [stays] the place to visit words : tony skinner photographs : bill wilkinson

Of course many will still opt for the country cottage look which remains as fresh and comforting as flowers in May .
of course many will still opt for the country cottage look which [stays] as fresh and comforting as flowers in may .

Paris remains for me the most exciting City in Europe .
paris [stays] for me the most exciting city in europe .

It remains a place of much historical interest .
it [stays] a place of much historical interest .

By the time she had finished , Short was sitting back , the greasy remains of his breakfast in front of him .
by the time she had finished , short was sitting back , the greasy [stays] of his breakfast in front of him .

Check that no swelling occurs in the navel and that the end remains dry and there is no discharges present .
check that no swelling occurs in the navel and that the end [stays] dry and there is no discharges present .

The remains of a rare Roman lighthouse and the restored Anglo-Saxon church beside it are remainders of earlier times .
the [stays] of a rare roman lighthouse and the restored anglo-saxon church beside it are remainders of earlier times .

The substantial remains include a large 14th century gatehouse where you an see the newly opened exhibition on the history of this momentous site .
the substantial [stays] include a large 14th century gatehouse where you an see the newly opened exhibition on the history of this momentous site .

The remains of the Abbey are only a short distance from Canterbury Cathedral and include parts of an Anglo-Saxon church and a medieval monastery .
the [stays] of the abbey are only a short distance from canterbury cathedral and include parts of an anglo-saxon church and a medieval monastery .

This World Heritage Site remains a mystery .
this world heritage site [stays] a mystery .

You can also see the remains of the state rooms built and furnished for Queen Elizabeth 1st by Robert Dudley , Earl of Leicester , the virgin queen 's favourite .
you can also see the [stays] of the state rooms built and furnished for queen elizabeth 1st by robert dudley , earl of leicester , the virgin queen 's favourite .

Set in beautiful Downland scenery , Lewes ' attractions include the Norman Castle , Anne of Cleves House and other museums , remains of the Cluniac Priory , and the famous gardens at Southover Grange .
set in beautiful downland scenery , lewes ' attractions include the norman castle , anne of cleves house and other museums , [stays] of the cluniac priory , and the famous gardens at southover grange .

The house remains much as she left it , and contains many personal and theatrical mementoes .
the house [stays] much as she left it , and contains many personal and theatrical mementoes .

Garden and remains of a commandery of the Knight 's Hospitallers .
garden and [stays] of a commandery of the knight 's hospitallers .

In 1644 the Puritans , seeing in them the remains of a pagan tradition , had them banned by Parliament .
in 1644 the puritans , seeing in them the [stays] of a pagan tradition , had them banned by parliament .

Anne was right in saying that ‘ you tend to lose the origin of it ’ ; the origins are a long way from what remains , but it does not really matter .
anne was right in saying that ‘ you tend to lose the origin of it ’ ; the origins are a long way from what [stays] , but it does not really matter .

Kilburn Feast is no exception ; what remains today is a three or four day event , culminating in a procession through the village by a mock ‘ Lord Mayor ’ and ‘ Lady Mayoress ’ .
kilburn feast is no exception ; what [stays] today is a three or four day event , culminating in a procession through the village by a mock ‘ lord mayor ’ and ‘ lady mayoress ’ .

One vicar said there was no longer provision in the Church of England liturgy for such a service ; the blessing was regarded as the remains of a pre-Christian ritual , and with modern maps it was no longer necessary for the people to be shown the physical boundaries .
one vicar said there was no longer provision in the church of england liturgy for such a service ; the blessing was regarded as the [stays] of a pre-christian ritual , and with modern maps it was no longer necessary for the people to be shown the physical boundaries .

Unlike most of its rivals , it remains family-owned and run ; it is also unusual in being directed by a woman , Carole Duval .
unlike most of its rivals , it [stays] family-owned and run ; it is also unusual in being directed by a woman , carole duval .

Yet a far stronger and more symbolic object remains — the wedding ring .
yet a far stronger and more symbolic object [stays] — the wedding ring .

Yet Catalan and not Spanish remains their first language ( the signposts have often two spellings ) , and Ibiza and Formentera — the smallest of the group — are still commonly referred to by their Roman name ‘ Pituisas ’ , the Islands of Pines .
yet catalan and not spanish [stays] their first language ( the signposts have often two spellings ) , and ibiza and formentera — the smallest of the group — are still commonly referred to by their roman name ‘ pituisas ’ , the islands of pines .

Once a Norman fortress this huge stone building with turreted towers stands in its own courtyard with the remains of the original moat dating from 1160 now a very pretty and secluded Norman Garden .
once a norman fortress this huge stone building with turreted towers stands in its own courtyard with the [stays] of the original moat dating from 1160 now a very pretty and secluded norman garden .

Charcoal and bone remains have already been dated at 20 500 years old and further remains found beneath these are now being analysed .
charcoal and bone [stays] have already been dated at 20 500 years old and further [stays] found beneath these are now being analysed .

It remains to be seen whether or not this idea can be put into practice .
it [stays] to be seen whether or not this idea can be put into practice .

One difficulty remains in that a mining venture would still need to find a way through to the deposit in a place where the sedimentary layer is not too thick .
one difficulty [stays] in that a mining venture would still need to find a way through to the deposit in a place where the sedimentary layer is not too thick .

Developing countries are littered with the rusting remains of unsuccessful projects which have left communities with little choice other than to resume old lifestyles .
developing countries are littered with the rusting [stays] of unsuccessful projects which have left communities with little choice other than to resume old lifestyles .

The motor industry remains hopeful of eventual success .
the motor industry [stays] hopeful of eventual success .

In many African countries , where uprooting of cotton stalks is legally enforced , pink bollworm is no longer a problem , but in other areas , where the stalks are a valuable source of fuel , pink bollworm remains a serious pest .
in many african countries , where uprooting of cotton stalks is legally enforced , pink bollworm is no longer a problem , but in other areas , where the stalks are a valuable source of fuel , pink bollworm [stays] a serious pest .

Exactly what this natural ligand is remains undiscovered , but inorganic chemists have made several ligands that can complex metals in this way .
exactly what this natural ligand is [stays] undiscovered , but inorganic chemists have made several ligands that can complex metals in this way .

Whether the Japanese will eventually be able to use solar energy to obtain metals from the sea remains to be seen , but they have proved that it is possible for copper at least .
whether the japanese will eventually be able to use solar energy to obtain metals from the sea [stays] to be seen , but they have proved that it is possible for copper at least .

The only question that remains is whether , at the end of the day , the public has really had what professional educators would describe as ‘ a good learning experience ’ .
the only question that [stays] is whether , at the end of the day , the public has really had what professional educators would describe as ‘ a good learning experience ’ .

But the fact remains that the safeguards themselves do not prevent the government using civil plutonium for defence purposes .
but the fact [stays] that the safeguards themselves do not prevent the government using civil plutonium for defence purposes .

This is determined by the burn-up of the original uranium and varies with the reactor type and the length of time the fuel remains in place .
this is determined by the burn-up of the original uranium and varies with the reactor type and the length of time the fuel [stays] in place .

If the fuel remains in the reactor for long enough , other isotopes — such as plutonium 240 — are produced .
if the fuel [stays] in the reactor for long enough , other isotopes — such as plutonium 240 — are produced .

Even if statistical controls are used to make sure that people with similar work histories and social backgrounds are being compared , the key question of what causes what remains unanswered .
even if statistical controls are used to make sure that people with similar work histories and social backgrounds are being compared , the key question of what causes what [stays] unanswered .

Despite its heavy style and dull format , it remains the best inorganic book and will serve its owner beyond the BSc stage .
despite its heavy style and dull format , it [stays] the best inorganic book and will serve its owner beyond the bsc stage .

More generally , it remains true that the severity of the Monopolies Commission 's findings mean that the board is necessarily placed somewhat on the defensive about its investment appraisals , and will find all its investment assumptions scrutinised with some suspicion .
more generally , it [stays] true that the severity of the monopolies commission 's findings mean that the board is necessarily placed somewhat on the defensive about its investment appraisals , and will find all its investment assumptions scrutinised with some suspicion .

Recent surveys show a significant improvement in the opinion the French have of nuclear power , but also show that a small minority remains stubbornly opposed to it .
recent surveys show a significant improvement in the opinion the french have of nuclear power , but also show that a small minority [stays] stubbornly opposed to it .

What is especially surprising is that its motivation was less an emotional regard for historical associations than a belief in the value to science of archaeological remains .
what is especially surprising is that its motivation was less an emotional regard for historical associations than a belief in the value to science of archaeological [stays] .

At home the prevailing taste was for more picturesque remains , ruined abbeys and medieval churches .
at home the prevailing taste was for more picturesque [stays] , ruined abbeys and medieval churches .

Elsewhere in Europe , more care was being taken , especially in Sweden and Denmark , where royal patronage and nationalist feeling encouraged an interest in ancient remains .
elsewhere in europe , more care was being taken , especially in sweden and denmark , where royal patronage and nationalist feeling encouraged an interest in ancient [stays] .

The Portuguese trained few Mozambicans ( adult literacy was only 15 per cent at independence seven years ago ) , so inevitably Mozambique remains dependent on foreign technicians — even , to some extent , on South Africans .
the portuguese trained few mozambicans ( adult literacy was only 15 per cent at independence seven years ago ) , so inevitably mozambique [stays] dependent on foreign technicians — even , to some extent , on south africans .

To add insult to injury the business of selecting students and allocating places was computerised in 1973 , and so it remains today .
to add insult to injury the business of selecting students and allocating places was computerised in 1973 , and so it [stays] today .

It is , however , unlikely that the people fished ; the few fish remains archaeologists found at the site were probably washed ashore after a high tide .
it is , however , unlikely that the people fished ; the few fish [stays] archaeologists found at the site were probably washed ashore after a high tide .

As for the physical appearance of the people who left behind their stone tools and food refuse , Singer and Wymer can say little because , compared with animal bones , there are few human remains in the deposits and they are mostly fragments of skulls and jawbones and teeth .
as for the physical appearance of the people who left behind their stone tools and food refuse , singer and wymer can say little because , compared with animal bones , there are few human [stays] in the deposits and they are mostly fragments of skulls and jawbones and teeth .

What remains For MacDonald and Wimpey , of course , is patenting their process and cloning their hybrid for the purpose of franchising .
what [stays] for macdonald and wimpey , of course , is patenting their process and cloning their hybrid for the purpose of franchising .

Exactly how the antibodies are involved in the development of diabetes remains uncertain .
exactly how the antibodies are involved in the development of diabetes [stays] uncertain .

But it remains to be seen whether that will prove a significant omission .
but it [stays] to be seen whether that will prove a significant omission .

Even now , when it has in plate tectonics a unifying , fundamental theory , much of it remains an observational science , intuitive to the point of subjectivity .
even now , when it has in plate tectonics a unifying , fundamental theory , much of it [stays] an observational science , intuitive to the point of subjectivity .

Sizewell safety remains shrouded in mystery
sizewell safety [stays] shrouded in mystery

Despite serious and sometimes substantial attempts to provide policy-makers with alternatives , the view of the problem that has ‘ stuck ’ remains that expressed by Hermann Kahn 's central question , ‘ What price are we prepared to pay to deter the aggressor ?
despite serious and sometimes substantial attempts to provide policy-makers with alternatives , the view of the problem that has ‘ stuck ’ [stays] that expressed by hermann kahn 's central question , ‘ what price are we prepared to pay to deter the aggressor ?

But in the real world there is no outside agency to enforce cooperation between the ‘ players ’ in the game , With no kind of ‘ super superpower ’ to make sure that the players stand by any mutually beneficial agreement , the temptation to renege remains a powerful factor .
but in the real world there is no outside agency to enforce cooperation between the ‘ players ’ in the game , with no kind of ‘ super superpower ’ to make sure that the players stand by any mutually beneficial agreement , the temptation to renege [stays] a powerful factor .

The Malayan wood rat is their favourite ; its remains turned up in 90 per cent or the 2839 pellets examined .
the malayan wood rat is their favourite ; its [stays] turned up in 90 per cent or the 2839 pellets examined .

Usually each pellet contains the remains of only one individual .
usually each pellet contains the [stays] of only one individual .

No , the fact remains that malaria is on the increase and has been for a number of years now .
no , the fact [stays] that malaria is on the increase and has been for a number of years now .

And it remains an urban common by popular request .
and it [stays] an urban common by popular request .

Bristol 's equable climate probably favours the survival of this warmth-loving species ; though present in certain northern cities , such as Sheffield where five are known , the wild fig elsewhere remains small and vulnerable .
bristol 's equable climate probably favours the survival of this warmth-loving species ; though present in certain northern cities , such as sheffield where five are known , the wild fig elsewhere [stays] small and vulnerable .

While on the road , the convoy remains in radio communication with its headquarters .
while on the road , the convoy [stays] in radio communication with its headquarters .

The assumption is that methane in the air bubbles trapped in ice remains unchanged for 30 000 years , and this may be incorrect .
the assumption is that methane in the air bubbles trapped in ice [stays] unchanged for 30 000 years , and this may be incorrect .

It was Whipple who in 1950 originated the ‘ dirty snowball ’ theory of cometary structure , which remains widely accepted today .
it was whipple who in 1950 originated the ‘ dirty snowball ’ theory of cometary structure , which [stays] widely accepted today .

Henry Smith was one of the most important mathematicians in Britain in the 19th century , and figured , after his death , at the centre of an international controversy . Yet his name remains unfamiliar
henry smith was one of the most important mathematicians in britain in the 19th century , and figured , after his death , at the centre of an international controversy . yet his name [stays] unfamiliar

The preface of volume two claims rather hastily that a 1970 taxonomic review of the Isoptera remains comprehensive , yet a whole subfamily ( the Amitermitinae ) was sunk in 1972 .
the preface of volume two claims rather hastily that a 1970 taxonomic review of the isoptera [stays] comprehensive , yet a whole subfamily ( the amitermitinae ) was sunk in 1972 .

However , it remains in tumour cells significantly longer than in healthy cells .
however , it [stays] in tumour cells significantly longer than in healthy cells .

‘ … a radically new and immensely powerful device which remains the heart of every modern radar .
‘ … a radically new and immensely powerful device which [stays] the heart of every modern radar .

This died while the almond was still on the tree , but it often remains loosely attached to the shell .
this died while the almond was still on the tree , but it often [stays] loosely attached to the shell .

Let us consider this line at its worst and discount the farm , which can be counted only as ‘ corroborative ’ evidence of alignment , and even then only if prehistoric remains are to be found there .
let us consider this line at its worst and discount the farm , which can be counted only as ‘ corroborative ’ evidence of alignment , and even then only if prehistoric [stays] are to be found there .

If prehistoric remains were to be found at the farm Seven Wells , that would effectively clinch it .
if prehistoric [stays] were to be found at the farm seven wells , that would effectively clinch it .

Leys are not found in all parts of Britain any more than are the remains of other prehistoric features .
leys are not found in all parts of britain any more than are the [stays] of other prehistoric features .

The whole question of ancient alignment practices remains an important enigma : we do not understand the British cursus-type features ( earthen avenues ) or stone-rows , much less the Andean lines .
the whole question of ancient alignment practices [stays] an important enigma : we do not understand the british cursus-type features ( earthen avenues ) or stone-rows , much less the andean lines .

Linear preoccupation in the past remains a closed book to modern understanding .
linear preoccupation in the past [stays] a closed book to modern understanding .

The Laboulbeniales are ectoparasites — most of their tissue remains outside the host — and only superficially penetrate into the host .
the laboulbeniales are ectoparasites — most of their tissue [stays] outside the host — and only superficially penetrate into the host .

But apart from a few minor lines the Wüppertal line remains the only substantial operations .
but apart from a few minor lines the wüppertal line [stays] the only substantial operations .

It is a suspicion which remains until the end of the book .
it is a suspicion which [stays] until the end of the book .

This is because the shell 's spiral form remains invariant under the transformation of combined rotation and enlargement .
this is because the shell 's spiral form [stays] invariant under the transformation of combined rotation and enlargement .

As a result , the London Planetarium remains approachable , fallible and human .
as a result , the london planetarium [stays] approachable , fallible and human .

Papert also recognises that much of what he wants remains in the realm of aspiration .
papert also recognises that much of what he wants [stays] in the realm of aspiration .

Whether it is an accurate account of the genesis of these hallucinations remains to be seen .
whether it is an accurate account of the genesis of these hallucinations [stays] to be seen .

Viruses often seem to enter bacterial cells by a completely different process in which the viral protein remains on the outside of the bacterial membrane while the genetic material is ‘ injected ’ into the cell .
viruses often seem to enter bacterial cells by a completely different process in which the viral protein [stays] on the outside of the bacterial membrane while the genetic material is ‘ injected ’ into the cell .

Much remains unknown about viral persistence but in general it results from stalemate in the battle between the virus and the body .
much [stays] unknown about viral persistence but in general it results from stalemate in the battle between the virus and the body .

But , it remains possible that the imagery is a construct based upon that person 's memory ( as later told to him ) of his process of birth .
but , it [stays] possible that the imagery is a construct based upon that person 's memory ( as later told to him ) of his process of birth .

The stones that we see today are therefore the remains of the supports that once held the nets in position .
the stones that we see today are therefore the [stays] of the supports that once held the nets in position .

Finely , fossil animals are often found in association with the remains of their principal food , but rhynchosaurs are rarely found in association with mollusc shells .
finely , fossil animals are often found in association with the [stays] of their principal food , but rhynchosaurs are rarely found in association with mollusc shells .

The new regimes of Fansidar ( pyrimethamine + sulphadoxine ) and Maloprim ( pyrimethamine + dapsone ) are already showing signs of failure and virtually only one new synthetic drug , mefloquine ( structurally related to quinine ) remains .
the new regimes of fansidar ( pyrimethamine + sulphadoxine ) and maloprim ( pyrimethamine + dapsone ) are already showing signs of failure and virtually only one new synthetic drug , mefloquine ( structurally related to quinine ) [stays] .

Yet mud remains both the most widely used and most neglected building material in the world .
yet mud [stays] both the most widely used and most neglected building material in the world .

In a sense it has become a victim of its own success , for the company is still criticised for the derelict land that remains .
in a sense it has become a victim of its own success , for the company is still criticised for the derelict land that [stays] .

They are a particular threat to the marine iguanas , and in some areas iguana remains have been found in nearly all cat faeces examined .
they are a particular threat to the marine iguanas , and in some areas iguana [stays] have been found in nearly all cat faeces examined .

Strictly speaking , though , the possibility remains that heritable cancer genes may exist : no-one else has looked at normal tissues from cancer patients .
strictly speaking , though , the possibility [stays] that heritable cancer genes may exist : no-one else has looked at normal tissues from cancer patients .

Tests with the new system have dated remains containing carbon with an accuracy of about 3 per cent .
tests with the new system have dated [stays] containing carbon with an accuracy of about 3 per cent .

It looks to my lay eye extremely impressive yet the eerie fact remains that it engages missiles when they are only 2 or 3 seconds away from hitting a ship .
it looks to my lay eye extremely impressive yet the eerie fact [stays] that it engages missiles when they are only 2 or 3 seconds away from hitting a ship .

It only remains to devise a film that will encode this experience in false colour .
it only [stays] to devise a film that will encode this experience in false colour .

Extra current is carried by the conducting parts to offset the lack in the nonconducting ones , and the Hall resistance remains constant .
extra current is carried by the conducting parts to offset the lack in the nonconducting ones , and the hall resistance [stays] constant .

How appropriate , then , that a modern commercial nation should discover the remains of an ancient trading centre , such as Qaryat al-Fau
how appropriate , then , that a modern commercial nation should discover the [stays] of an ancient trading centre , such as qaryat al-fau

In this species , harems of up to twelve females are usual and although the male remains the leader , watchdog and defender of the group , in clashes with his females he is often the loser .
in this species , harems of up to twelve females are usual and although the male [stays] the leader , watchdog and defender of the group , in clashes with his females he is often the loser .

There are enough of them to gang up on him and dominate him , even though he remains the group ‘ administrator ’ .
there are enough of them to gang up on him and dominate him , even though he [stays] the group ‘ administrator ’ .

The hare crouches low on the ground and remains absolutely still until the predator is nearly upon it .
the hare crouches low on the ground and [stays] absolutely still until the predator is nearly upon it .

If the spikes were sharp , like the dorsal fins of many fish , the strategy would be easy to understand , but their shortness and bluntness mean that , for the moment , the potto remains another puzzle .
if the spikes were sharp , like the dorsal fins of many fish , the strategy would be easy to understand , but their shortness and bluntness mean that , for the moment , the potto [stays] another puzzle .

These animals are frequently attacked by predatory wasps and they divert the killers by wrapping up the remains of insects or egg cocoons and positioning them in their webs .
these animals are frequently attacked by predatory wasps and they divert the killers by wrapping up the [stays] of insects or egg cocoons and positioning them in their webs .

The formal school , in short , remains separate from the community it serves very largely because the people in that community wish it to be so .
the formal school , in short , [stays] separate from the community it serves very largely because the people in that community wish it to be so .

On the one hand we may trace the influence of the theories of ‘ adaptation to environment ’ , a natural extension of the policy of indirect rule , argued in the influential reports of the Phelps Stokes Commissions in the early nineteen-twenties and brilliantly summarised in the memorandum of the Colonial Office 's Advisory Committee on Native Education , Educational Policy in British Tropical Africa , 1925 — hence the school gardens ( or the remains of them ) , the handwork , the needlework , the local History and Geography programmes and the ‘ vernacular ’ syllabuses .
on the one hand we may trace the influence of the theories of ‘ adaptation to environment ’ , a natural extension of the policy of indirect rule , argued in the influential reports of the phelps stokes commissions in the early nineteen-twenties and brilliantly summarised in the memorandum of the colonial office 's advisory committee on native education , educational policy in british tropical africa , 1925 — hence the school gardens ( or the [stays] of them ) , the handwork , the needlework , the local history and geography programmes and the ‘ vernacular ’ syllabuses .

Research over the past years has begun to answer lots of questions , but much still remains to be sorted out .
research over the past years has begun to answer lots of questions , but much still [stays] to be sorted out .

One piece remains undamaged but the other breaks .
one piece [stays] undamaged but the other breaks .

Sexuality , for the celibate as well , remains a wonderful gift of God , given because he loves us so .
sexuality , for the celibate as well , [stays] a wonderful gift of god , given because he loves us so .

Despite all such niceties , however , it remains the case that the Shetlander/incomer distinction remains the most fundamental and basic distinction in the area .
despite all such niceties , however , it [stays] the case that the shetlander/incomer distinction [stays] the most fundamental and basic distinction in the area .

But the principle remains the same .
but the principle [stays] the same .

Legend maintains that his remains were removed from Monkton kirkyard and placed in the monument but this can not be substantiated .
legend maintains that his [stays] were removed from monkton kirkyard and placed in the monument but this can not be substantiated .

All that now remains is a single tower , a poor monument to a long history of noble residences on the site .
all that now [stays] is a single tower , a poor monument to a long history of noble residences on the site .

Whether these urges are instinctive or the products of generations of indoctrination it is difficult to decide , but the fact remains , they do exist and survive through the centuries despite the ceaseless disapproval and discouragement of those individuals who would have the world abandon all gods and religion .
whether these urges are instinctive or the products of generations of indoctrination it is difficult to decide , but the fact [stays] , they do exist and survive through the centuries despite the ceaseless disapproval and discouragement of those individuals who would have the world abandon all gods and religion .

Admittedly , it does seem that whilst there are many Jews and others whose unquestioning acceptance of the Old Testament as a source of irrefutable knowledge remains absolute , there are many who seriously doubt the wisdom of insisting on this literal translation of those scriptures .
admittedly , it does seem that whilst there are many jews and others whose unquestioning acceptance of the old testament as a source of irrefutable knowledge [stays] absolute , there are many who seriously doubt the wisdom of insisting on this literal translation of those scriptures .

Despite the overwhelming evidence that the established religions of the world have profoundly failed the human race , there still remains the fact that millions of people , for various reasons , show unswerving allegiance to some faith or other and to the religious leader or leaders associated therewith .
despite the overwhelming evidence that the established religions of the world have profoundly failed the human race , there still [stays] the fact that millions of people , for various reasons , show unswerving allegiance to some faith or other and to the religious leader or leaders associated therewith .

Mankind must keep an open mind on this , but must also make quite sure that the worshipped ‘ god ’ , herein called the ‘ Created God ’ remains a separate creation of the post-life world , that is , a product of life , equally with humanity itself .
mankind must keep an open mind on this , but must also make quite sure that the worshipped ‘ god ’ , herein called the ‘ created god ’ [stays] a separate creation of the post-life world , that is , a product of life , equally with humanity itself .

To return to the source of good , evil and neutral ; whatever , in the conflicts referred to , may have been the intentions or hopes of the protagonists , the fact remains that over the centuries they have produced a constant flow of individual human decisions which can be examined and specified as either good , evil or neutral .
to return to the source of good , evil and neutral ; whatever , in the conflicts referred to , may have been the intentions or hopes of the protagonists , the fact [stays] that over the centuries they have produced a constant flow of individual human decisions which can be examined and specified as either good , evil or neutral .

Setting aside the mass of controversial mysticism which , over the centuries has surrounded this man , the fact remains that his life has made a tremendous impact on the religious and political history of a large part of the world .
setting aside the mass of controversial mysticism which , over the centuries has surrounded this man , the fact [stays] that his life has made a tremendous impact on the religious and political history of a large part of the world .

Hugh dragged food from his sack , the food the thin man had transferred from his saddle-bags and the remains of the Friar 's provisions ; whatever else lay in the bottom of the sack he carefully left there .
hugh dragged food from his sack , the food the thin man had transferred from his saddle-bags and the [stays] of the friar 's provisions ; whatever else lay in the bottom of the sack he carefully left there .

While it is true that men 's consumption of bread and beer can vary , the quantity of these basic foodstuffs remains a tolerable , rough criterion of the size of a population .
while it is true that men 's consumption of bread and beer can vary , the quantity of these basic foodstuffs [stays] a tolerable , rough criterion of the size of a population .

If we wish to explore medieval towns and fathom their history before 1150 we must do so with the spade and the trowel — or else study first their site , their topography and their physical remains .
if we wish to explore medieval towns and fathom their history before 1150 we must do so with the spade and the trowel — or else study first their site , their topography and their physical [stays] .

Here above all , the written source grievously misleads us as to the life of these centuries , unless we supplement it imaginatively from every type of physical remains .
here above all , the written source grievously misleads us as to the life of these centuries , unless we supplement it imaginatively from every type of physical [stays] .

For all the ingenuity that has been exercised in studying remaining ships and portrayals of ships in the light of expert modern knowledge — in the building and sailing of replicas and all manner of ingenious devices — it still remains true that we are tempted to judge early medieval navigation mainly from a handful of second-hand boats ready for retirement , which were thus thought suitable for burial .
for all the ingenuity that has been exercised in studying remaining ships and portrayals of ships in the light of expert modern knowledge — in the building and sailing of replicas and all manner of ingenious devices — it still [stays] true that we are tempted to judge early medieval navigation mainly from a handful of second-hand boats ready for retirement , which were thus thought suitable for burial .

But when due allowance has been made for the very various functions of castles , as administrative and social as well as military centres , it remains true that they were formidable military weapons , and that some of the most remarkable technological advances of the twelfth century were made in the improvement of siege engines and of a castle 's defences .
but when due allowance has been made for the very various functions of castles , as administrative and social as well as military centres , it [stays] true that they were formidable military weapons , and that some of the most remarkable technological advances of the twelfth century were made in the improvement of siege engines and of a castle 's defences .

’ to one 's three-year-old , to realize that the reminder remains necessary .
’ to one 's three-year-old , to realize that the reminder [stays] necessary .

The fact remains , however , that Freudianism ( psychoanalysis ) is still discussed and is still influential .
the fact [stays] , however , that freudianism ( psychoanalysis ) is still discussed and is still influential .

The fact remains , however , that in the young adult novel we have a useful example of reading contributing to development : easily read , unpompous , and unauthoritarian , these books provide reassurance and role-models of the right kind .
the fact [stays] , however , that in the young adult novel we have a useful example of reading contributing to development : easily read , unpompous , and unauthoritarian , these books provide reassurance and role-models of the right kind .

The fact remains , however , that many parents , especially first-time parents , although motivated to help their children , have no idea what to do .
the fact [stays] , however , that many parents , especially first-time parents , although motivated to help their children , have no idea what to do .

Fortunately there is a kind of illustrator who remains acceptable to the adults and respectful of the young reader .
fortunately there is a kind of illustrator who [stays] acceptable to the adults and respectful of the young reader .

The fact remains , however , that they have a contribution to make to the community and that they have a right to our services .
the fact [stays] , however , that they have a contribution to make to the community and that they have a right to our services .

Despite the relative dereliction of some parts of Kent , the image of the garden of England remains a powerful influence and is likely to figure in many planning battles to come .
despite the relative dereliction of some parts of kent , the image of the garden of england [stays] a powerful influence and is likely to figure in many planning battles to come .

The trestle tables down each side were stained with wine and strewn with the stale remains of various meals .
the trestle tables down each side were stained with wine and strewn with the stale [stays] of various meals .

Corbett thought London was dirty but Edinburgh was filthy ; rubbish , the remains of meals , broken chamberpots , even corpses of dead animals littered the streets .
corbett thought london was dirty but edinburgh was filthy ; rubbish , the [stays] of meals , broken chamberpots , even corpses of dead animals littered the streets .

There remains a further consequence of the Institution 's policy of withdrawing from the examination process .
there [stays] a further consequence of the institution 's policy of withdrawing from the examination process .

It remains an unpopular choice , with only just over a thousand in existence .
it [stays] an unpopular choice , with only just over a thousand in existence .

Therefore : ‘ If this replacement proceeds smoothly and at the same rate as the disappearance , we have a case of simple reproduction , which corresponds to a situation in which the productive social labour remains uniform , with the productive forces unchanging .
therefore : ‘ if this replacement proceeds smoothly and at the same rate as the disappearance , we have a case of simple reproduction , which corresponds to a situation in which the productive social labour [stays] uniform , with the productive forces unchanging .

Paul Sweezy , in his book The Theory of Capitalist Development , criticised Bukharin 's equations as follows : ‘ Bukharin in his formal presentation of the expanded reproduction scheme , makes the error of assuming that capitalist consumption always remains the same … he seems incapable of imagining an increase in capitalist consumption . ’ Roman Rosdolsky , in his work The Making of Marx 's ‘ Capital' , picked up and elaborated Sweezy 's critical remarks , spelling out the details of Bukharin 's supposed error , to wit :
paul sweezy , in his book the theory of capitalist development , criticised bukharin 's equations as follows : ‘ bukharin in his formal presentation of the expanded reproduction scheme , makes the error of assuming that capitalist consumption always [stays] the same … he seems incapable of imagining an increase in capitalist consumption . ’ roman rosdolsky , in his work the making of marx 's ‘ capital' , picked up and elaborated sweezy 's critical remarks , spelling out the details of bukharin 's supposed error , to wit :

It now becomes clear that if , as Luxemburg suggested , the rate of increase in unproductive consumption remains constant , but the
it now becomes clear that if , as luxemburg suggested , the rate of increase in unproductive consumption [stays] constant , but the

These oscillations , however , still conform to laws and , despite the most severe violations of the equilibrium ( crises ) , the system as a whole remains … a crisis does not overstep the limits of the oscillation of the system … through all the movements and oscillations , the equilibrium is restored time and again .
these oscillations , however , still conform to laws and , despite the most severe violations of the equilibrium ( crises ) , the system as a whole [stays] … a crisis does not overstep the limits of the oscillation of the system … through all the movements and oscillations , the equilibrium is restored time and again .

The question remains as to the cause and the manifestation of these crises , since merely to assert that crises are the result of the disturbances of equilibrium does not in itself locate the precise nature of the process — it merely poses it . Bukharin arrived at the following conclusion :
the question [stays] as to the cause and the manifestation of these crises , since merely to assert that crises are the result of the disturbances of equilibrium does not in itself locate the precise nature of the process — it merely poses it . bukharin arrived at the following conclusion :

Therefore it remains for us to sketch out a more articulated theory based upon Bukharin 's ideas of disproportionality and dis-equilibrium .
therefore it [stays] for us to sketch out a more articulated theory based upon bukharin 's ideas of disproportionality and dis-equilibrium .

’ This was to be a problem which plagued the Soviet government throughout the 1920s and even today remains a problem of the first magnitude .
’ this was to be a problem which plagued the soviet government throughout the 1920s and even today [stays] a problem of the first magnitude .

But the distinction between personal and collective consumption remains fairly clear .
but the distinction between personal and collective consumption [stays] fairly clear .

( In fact , part of it is the remains of an 11th-century Benedictine monastery . )
( in fact , part of it is the [stays] of an 11th-century benedictine monastery . )

In a dig in 1927 the remains of three 17th-century monks , slain by Cromwell , had been found on the site of the high altar ; and one of them had the pewter chalice crushed against his heart .
in a dig in 1927 the [stays] of three 17th-century monks , slain by cromwell , had been found on the site of the high altar ; and one of them had the pewter chalice crushed against his heart .

The pace of rural Ireland remains as gentle as the weather .
the pace of rural ireland [stays] as gentle as the weather .

The retaining nipple at the pedal end fell off , but whether that was due to our amateur build standards or a faulty cable remains in the unsolved file .
the retaining nipple at the pedal end fell off , but whether that was due to our amateur build standards or a faulty cable [stays] in the unsolved file .

Bentley remains aloof and elegant in Paris mayhem
bentley [stays] aloof and elegant in paris mayhem

How much of the Zoom can be carried over remains to be seen .
how much of the zoom can be carried over [stays] to be seen .

So at this stage , the creak remains a mystery .
so at this stage , the creak [stays] a mystery .

Places reserved for the burial of cremated remains were not likely to be filled for many years — if ever .
places reserved for the burial of cremated [stays] were not likely to be filled for many years — if ever .

Despite all the publicity through word of mouth and a high profile national tour last year with Gary Glitter , the show remains relatively unknown .
despite all the publicity through word of mouth and a high profile national tour last year with gary glitter , the show [stays] relatively unknown .

Perhaps it is too much to hope that this concert finally dragged the Petersfield Musical Festival into the 20th century , but with a promised appearance by the acclaimed National Youth Jazz Orchestra next year , as well as The Dream of Gerontius , it remains only for the committee to do something about the slow start to the week for the festival to regain some of its former splendour . Ann Pinhey
perhaps it is too much to hope that this concert finally dragged the petersfield musical festival into the 20th century , but with a promised appearance by the acclaimed national youth jazz orchestra next year , as well as the dream of gerontius , it [stays] only for the committee to do something about the slow start to the week for the festival to regain some of its former splendour . ann pinhey

High ground on the right , topped by the hall at Heath , pulls back while a sewage works is located close to the left bank but remains hidden .
high ground on the right , topped by the hall at heath , pulls back while a sewage works is located close to the left bank but [stays] hidden .

Further down on the same side are the remains of Foxholes Side Lock , which served Foxholes Basin , now filled in .
further down on the same side are the [stays] of foxholes side lock , which served foxholes basin , now filled in .

Super raft racing began in the early seventies with the advent of the 100 Mile River Wye Raft Race which remains to this day the ultimate challenge .
super raft racing began in the early seventies with the advent of the 100 mile river wye raft race which [stays] to this day the ultimate challenge .

Raft racing began as a charity event and in most cases remains as such with many thousands of pounds being raised for national and local charities .
raft racing began as a charity event and in most cases [stays] as such with many thousands of pounds being raised for national and local charities .

The mind is almost dormant , only the watery quality remains connected to consciousness .
the mind is almost dormant , only the watery quality [stays] connected to consciousness .

And they put back nutrients into the soil , too , both directly and by the decomposition of their dead remains through the agency of creatures such as worms , bacteria , fungi , moulds and so on .
and they put back nutrients into the soil , too , both directly and by the decomposition of their dead [stays] through the agency of creatures such as worms , bacteria , fungi , moulds and so on .

The mental activity underlying the actions , still remains radically different .
the mental activity underlying the actions , still [stays] radically different .

The thief remains a thief unless he can change his innermost mental habits .
the thief [stays] a thief unless he can change his innermost mental habits .

In this form , it then remains , and when the rains return , it instinctively remembers it watery home and there lays its eggs , for the cycle to be repeated .
in this form , it then [stays] , and when the rains return , it instinctively remembers it watery home and there lays its eggs , for the cycle to be repeated .

But in the Kal yuga , through which we now are passing , the age when mind predominates , man has largely lost consciousness of his inner centre of focused attention , the eye centre , and remains scattered in the world displayed to his mind by the five senses .
but in the kal yuga , through which we now are passing , the age when mind predominates , man has largely lost consciousness of his inner centre of focused attention , the eye centre , and [stays] scattered in the world displayed to his mind by the five senses .

But just as the overall form of our body remains the same , despite the constant replacement of the atoms and molecules of which it is made , so is the overall form of nature maintained as identifiably the same old physical universe , though the pattern may alter markedly over the course of time .
but just as the overall form of our body [stays] the same , despite the constant replacement of the atoms and molecules of which it is made , so is the overall form of nature maintained as identifiably the same old physical universe , though the pattern may alter markedly over the course of time .

The hilltop is now completely wooded over , but the name remains as witness to a possible mark .
the hilltop is now completely wooded over , but the name [stays] as witness to a possible mark .

All the elements which were to appear in Watkins ' ley thesis , and others , were present in these earlier and contemporary researches : remains of old , straight tracks , churches on older pagan sites , beacons , meridional lines and astronomical orientation .
all the elements which were to appear in watkins ' ley thesis , and others , were present in these earlier and contemporary researches : [stays] of old , straight tracks , churches on older pagan sites , beacons , meridional lines and astronomical orientation .

He published a paper by ex-sapper Kenneth Koop , in which a case is made for the alignments being the remains of an early survey of Britain .
he published a paper by ex-sapper kenneth koop , in which a case is made for the alignments being the [stays] of an early survey of britain .

It is fair to say that this view is controversial : certainly Grinsell remains strictly factual , but the Bords support this explanation and in so doing follow in the footsteps of John Michell , Tony Wedd , and earlier writers of the 1930s .
it is fair to say that this view is controversial : certainly grinsell [stays] strictly factual , but the bords support this explanation and in so doing follow in the footsteps of john michell , tony wedd , and earlier writers of the 1930s .

The purpose of the vast megalithic constructions , for example , remains almost as mysterious now as it did in the nineteenth century .
the purpose of the vast megalithic constructions , for example , [stays] almost as mysterious now as it did in the nineteenth century .

The most straightforward use of psychic ability is in finding archaeological remains , which , at least , is something which can later be verified .
the most straightforward use of psychic ability is in finding archaeological [stays] , which , at least , is something which can later be verified .

In 1908 , he was appointed to excavate the remains of Glastonbury Abbey , and made use of the services of a friend , Captain John Bartlett , who , with automatic writing , brought through messages from monks who had lived at Glastonbury , together with detailed plans of the Abbey , showing a large , hitherto unknown , chapel at the eastern end , named after King Edgar .
in 1908 , he was appointed to excavate the [stays] of glastonbury abbey , and made use of the services of a friend , captain john bartlett , who , with automatic writing , brought through messages from monks who had lived at glastonbury , together with detailed plans of the abbey , showing a large , hitherto unknown , chapel at the eastern end , named after king edgar .

Analysis of the signal demonstrated its artificial nature but its behaviour remains unexplained .
analysis of the signal demonstrated its artificial nature but its behaviour [stays] unexplained .

Whilst much work remains to be done , energy anomalies do seem to exist at prehistoric sites . As Larkman remarks :
whilst much work [stays] to be done , energy anomalies do seem to exist at prehistoric sites . as larkman remarks :

Which is not the same thing as saying they do n't exist : the question remains open .
which is not the same thing as saying they do n't exist : the question [stays] open .

Painting , architecture ( as its most pure ) , and literature have a definitive form or text , and although the same can be said of drama whilst it remains on the printed page , its conversion to the performing medium allows a great deal more flexibility than music ever can .
painting , architecture ( as its most pure ) , and literature have a definitive form or text , and although the same can be said of drama whilst it [stays] on the printed page , its conversion to the performing medium allows a great deal more flexibility than music ever can .

And of course there is music that remains rugged forever — for example Beethoven 's Gross Fuge , of some of Busoni 's late music .
and of course there is music that [stays] rugged forever — for example beethoven 's gross fuge , of some of busoni 's late music .

It is interesting to note however that while Klemperer 's speeds thirty years are on far more deliberate , the rawness of Weill 's idiom remains intact .
it is interesting to note however that while klemperer 's speeds thirty years are on far more deliberate , the rawness of weill 's idiom [stays] intact .

Yet , for all its ingenuity , the freshness and spontaneity of the Missa choralis remains uniquely compelling .
yet , for all its ingenuity , the freshness and spontaneity of the missa choralis [stays] uniquely compelling .

Whatever Liszt was doing to please his Polish Princess zu Sayn-Wittgenstein , which interfaces prevented the completion of the Oratorio Saint Stanislaus , the music that remains shows an enormous step forward .
whatever liszt was doing to please his polish princess zu sayn-wittgenstein , which interfaces prevented the completion of the oratorio saint stanislaus , the music that [stays] shows an enormous step forward .

As a result her remains one of the least known and most infrequently discussed of our younger composers ; and it 's thus immensely encouraging to see one of his major pieces appear on Collins Classic 's new flagship ‘ 20th Century plus ’ collection .
as a result her [stays] one of the least known and most infrequently discussed of our younger composers ; and it 's thus immensely encouraging to see one of his major pieces appear on collins classic 's new flagship ‘ 20th century plus ’ collection .

Even in such exalted company , Rozhdestvensky holds his own ( although Szell 's breathtaking final coda to the Marche remains a uniquely compelling experience ) , and what a joy to hear a native Russian orchestra accorded engineering which for once does them proud !
even in such exalted company , rozhdestvensky holds his own ( although szell 's breathtaking final coda to the marche [stays] a uniquely compelling experience ) , and what a joy to hear a native russian orchestra accorded engineering which for once does them proud !

It remains by far the most convincing performance committed to disc by virtue of its natural pacing and brazen flair , which serve to underline the experimental nature of much of the content .
it [stays] by far the most convincing performance committed to disc by virtue of its natural pacing and brazen flair , which serve to underline the experimental nature of much of the content .

It only makes matters worse that the sound remains harsh , boxy and quite uncomfortable to listen to .
it only makes matters worse that the sound [stays] harsh , boxy and quite uncomfortable to listen to .

And as long as the Kremlin remains paralysed , British business there will look for nothing but confirmation that things at home are not , perhaps , so bad after all .
and as long as the kremlin [stays] paralysed , british business there will look for nothing but confirmation that things at home are not , perhaps , so bad after all .

It also remains stable when cooked , which opens up the possibility of combining it with Ruby and other new products in the Staley portfolio to create diet markets in areas aspartame is unable to enter — jam , baked beans , canned fruit and vegetables , soft drinks concentrates , desserts and cakes .
it also [stays] stable when cooked , which opens up the possibility of combining it with ruby and other new products in the staley portfolio to create diet markets in areas aspartame is unable to enter — jam , baked beans , canned fruit and vegetables , soft drinks concentrates , desserts and cakes .

Meanwhile , cost efficiency remains a priority .
meanwhile , cost efficiency [stays] a priority .

But the mechanism of direct action is unknown and the subject remains highly contentious .
but the mechanism of direct action is unknown and the subject [stays] highly contentious .

In the case of coal , this is undoubtedly true : it is the partially decomposed remains of forests , which were made up of giant clubmosses and other extinct trees .
in the case of coal , this is undoubtedly true : it is the partially decomposed [stays] of forests , which were made up of giant clubmosses and other extinct trees .

Oil is derived from the remains of microscopic sea creatures , and is even older , according to most geologists .
oil is derived from the [stays] of microscopic sea creatures , and is even older , according to most geologists .

These feed on the remains of our meals but do us no harm — in fact they are essential to the well-being of the gut .
these feed on the [stays] of our meals but do us no harm — in fact they are essential to the well-being of the gut .

If the baby remains well , discontinue that food and go on to test another one , again eating it every day for a week .
if the baby [stays] well , discontinue that food and go on to test another one , again eating it every day for a week .

Once you have established a diet on which the child remains well , be careful not to allow too much of any one food .
once you have established a diet on which the child [stays] well , be careful not to allow too much of any one food .

One aspect of this momentous evolutionary change was its effect on people 's diet , and this can be detected through the remains of organisms such as plants and animals .
one aspect of this momentous evolutionary change was its effect on people 's diet , and this can be detected through the [stays] of organisms such as plants and animals .

Harris and his colleagues are looking specifically at the charred remains of cereal grains , identifying the different characteristics of wild and cultivated grains .
harris and his colleagues are looking specifically at the charred [stays] of cereal grains , identifying the different characteristics of wild and cultivated grains .

Gordon Hillman , at the institute , is now developing chemical criteria for identifying ancient cereal remains using infrared spectroscopy .
gordon hillman , at the institute , is now developing chemical criteria for identifying ancient cereal [stays] using infrared spectroscopy .

At an ancient Peruvian excavation site , compositional analysis of the remains of smelting furnaces and related metallurgical debris from alloy production , has enabled researchers to reconstruct a small furnace .
at an ancient peruvian excavation site , compositional analysis of the [stays] of smelting furnaces and related metallurgical debris from alloy production , has enabled researchers to reconstruct a small furnace .

In microchip territory , silicon has always been king because it remains so cheap and easy to use .
in microchip territory , silicon has always been king because it [stays] so cheap and easy to use .

Although much information about the bidders involved remains secret , some of the consortia involved have been identified .
although much information about the bidders involved [stays] secret , some of the consortia involved have been identified .

Perhaps the edges have indeed been knocked off with time and retelling , but the essential humour remains .
perhaps the edges have indeed been knocked off with time and retelling , but the essential humour [stays] .

He remains the only deaf person in Britain ever to be appointed headmaster of a deaf school by a local education authority .
he [stays] the only deaf person in britain ever to be appointed headmaster of a deaf school by a local education authority .

He needed this knowledge on the day a deaf house-painter called to decorate his house , and asked him in sign language which school he went to ( a conversational gambit which remains unchanged to this day . )
he needed this knowledge on the day a deaf house-painter called to decorate his house , and asked him in sign language which school he went to ( a conversational gambit which [stays] unchanged to this day . )

Although there have been other doctors in Britain who became deaf , Dr. Francis Maylett Smith remains only one of two deaf persons known to have successfully qualified as a doctor .
although there have been other doctors in britain who became deaf , dr. francis maylett smith [stays] only one of two deaf persons known to have successfully qualified as a doctor .

These explanations can not be the whole answer , however , because it still remains to be explained why it is that human females are much more prone to ailurophobia than human males .
these explanations can not be the whole answer , however , because it still [stays] to be explained why it is that human females are much more prone to ailurophobia than human males .

Then , as it grows up in a normal , average temperature , the hotter area of its body — its central trunk region — remains pale in colour , while its cooler extremities become gradually darker .
then , as it grows up in a normal , average temperature , the hotter area of its body — its central trunk region — [stays] pale in colour , while its cooler extremities become gradually darker .

This remains to be resolved .
this [stays] to be resolved .

But it still remains to be accepted in Britain as a suitable pedigree cat for championship status .
but it still [stays] to be accepted in britain as a suitable pedigree cat for championship status .

The remains of one were found at Rye on 27 November 1938 ; one was seen off Langney Point on 4 June 1956 .
the [stays] of one were found at rye on 27 november 1938 ; one was seen off langney point on 4 june 1956 .

Once the teaching has been carried out , it remains to test formally or informally that the objectives have been achieved .
once the teaching has been carried out , it [stays] to test formally or informally that the objectives have been achieved .

The reason for this diversity is that learning , like all mental processes , remains hidden .
the reason for this diversity is that learning , like all mental processes , [stays] hidden .

The spoken word is one of the most persuasive and common methods of communication , and remains so , despite the advent of television .
the spoken word is one of the most persuasive and common methods of communication , and [stays] so , despite the advent of television .

We try to offset this by widening access through alternative routes , multi-level patterns and so forth , as described in later pages , but the essential problem of supply and demand remains .
we try to offset this by widening access through alternative routes , multi-level patterns and so forth , as described in later pages , but the essential problem of supply and demand [stays] .

In a disagreeable episode which remains very obscure , Green in 1803 became involved with a woman called Agnes Brathwaite , on whose ‘ abominable perjuries ’ he was committed to Kendal jail on 24th August .
in a disagreeable episode which [stays] very obscure , green in 1803 became involved with a woman called agnes brathwaite , on whose ‘ abominable perjuries ’ he was committed to kendal jail on 24th august .

One gets a sense of the scale of the landscape , it remains the Lakes and never becomes the Alps .
one gets a sense of the scale of the landscape , it [stays] the lakes and never becomes the alps .

The pace may be different , but the fun remains the same .
the pace may be different , but the fun [stays] the same .

The Circle Bar usually ( licensing hours permitting ) , remains open after the performance .
the circle bar usually ( licensing hours permitting ) , [stays] open after the performance .

The imposing remains of this 12th century Augustinian priory , founded by Robert de Brus , the ancestor of Robert Bruce , King of Scotland , dominate the market town of Guisborough .
the imposing [stays] of this 12th century augustinian priory , founded by robert de brus , the ancestor of robert bruce , king of scotland , dominate the market town of guisborough .

Only the tower of this church remains , a few yards west of which can be found Cook Senior 's last resting place , marked curiously by a stone commemorating a boy who died at sea .
only the tower of this church [stays] , a few yards west of which can be found cook senior 's last resting place , marked curiously by a stone commemorating a boy who died at sea .

The Monks who prowl the remains of a 12th Century Monastery .
the monks who prowl the [stays] of a 12th century monastery .

These tangible remains bear witness to the development of history in England over centuries .
these tangible [stays] bear witness to the development of history in england over centuries .

The substantial remains include the massive 14th century gatehouse which now houses an exhibition on the history of this important site .
the substantial [stays] include the massive 14th century gatehouse which now houses an exhibition on the history of this important site .

The remains include parts of an Anglo-Saxon church , a Norman church and a medieval monastery .
the [stays] include parts of an anglo-saxon church , a norman church and a medieval monastery .

Chief amongst these is Kenilworth Castle , probably the most important castle in the Midlands , whose remains are certainly the most dramatic today .
chief amongst these is kenilworth castle , probably the most important castle in the midlands , whose [stays] are certainly the most dramatic today .

The setting is famous for its beauty , and the magnificent remains still convey the purity of the ideals of the 12th century Cistercian monks who founded the abbey .
the setting is famous for its beauty , and the magnificent [stays] still convey the purity of the ideals of the 12th century cistercian monks who founded the abbey .

He stood with his back to the fireplace , still glowing with the remains of last night 's fire .
he stood with his back to the fireplace , still glowing with the [stays] of last night 's fire .

Sheila looked up at Yanto , ‘ Your word is my command , o master , ’ she said in mock seriousness , then giggled and downed the remains of her drink in one go .
sheila looked up at yanto , ‘ your word is my command , o master , ’ she said in mock seriousness , then giggled and downed the [stays] of her drink in one go .

Yanto drained the last dregs of cider from the stone jar and watched Molly clear up the remains of the picnic .
yanto drained the last dregs of cider from the stone jar and watched molly clear up the [stays] of the picnic .

But also , as the various services of academic libraries demand more careful inspection with the onset of financial stringency , the need is felt to justify work like user education , which remains on the fringe of academic library services .
but also , as the various services of academic libraries demand more careful inspection with the onset of financial stringency , the need is felt to justify work like user education , which [stays] on the fringe of academic library services .

Quite often a patient remains undecided at this stage about which goal to pursue .
quite often a patient [stays] undecided at this stage about which goal to pursue .

At the same time , realistic encouragement should be given to ensure that the patient remains hopeful about his eventual outcome .
at the same time , realistic encouragement should be given to ensure that the patient [stays] hopeful about his eventual outcome .

Although these are likely to help prevent suicide , the risk of such a patient killing himself usually remains high .
although these are likely to help prevent suicide , the risk of such a patient killing himself usually [stays] high .

The value of one of the principal recommendations , the provision of psychiatric care to attempted suicide patients , remains controversial , and it has only recently been subjected to controlled evaluation ( Hawton et al .
the value of one of the principal recommendations , the provision of psychiatric care to attempted suicide patients , [stays] controversial , and it has only recently been subjected to controlled evaluation ( hawton et al .

The management of patients who require psychiatric inpatient care after a suicide attempt remains the responsibility of psychiatrists , but recent work has shown the value of involving non-medical staff in treatment of those who do not require admission .
the management of patients who require psychiatric inpatient care after a suicide attempt [stays] the responsibility of psychiatrists , but recent work has shown the value of involving non-medical staff in treatment of those who do not require admission .

Patients in both treatment groups made significantly less attempts after treatment than in the two years before the study , but the lack of an untreated control group means that the efficacy of the treatments in preventing further attempts remains open to question .
patients in both treatment groups made significantly less attempts after treatment than in the two years before the study , but the lack of an untreated control group means that the efficacy of the treatments in preventing further attempts [stays] open to question .

Using the toilet is a private affair , and many residents object very strongly if a member of staff watches them , or remains within earshot while they are in the lavatory .
using the toilet is a private affair , and many residents object very strongly if a member of staff watches them , or [stays] within earshot while they are in the lavatory .

While some genetic influence can not be ruled out , just what is inherited remains very unclear .
while some genetic influence can not be ruled out , just what is inherited [stays] very unclear .

The basic pattern nevertheless remains the same .
the basic pattern nevertheless [stays] the same .

Thus , an unknown but potentially vast amount of crime remains unknown to the police , and is therefore not included in official criminal statistics .
thus , an unknown but potentially vast amount of crime [stays] unknown to the police , and is therefore not included in official criminal statistics .

Low income equals low savings and investment , this results in a low economic growth and , because of rising population , per capita income remains low .
low income equals low savings and investment , this results in a low economic growth and , because of rising population , per capita income [stays] low .

Even when no substantial physical remains have been found , archaeologists , using bodies of knowledge gained over many years , may have been able to infer what kinds of buildings may have stood on particular spots which show foundation-traces , and have rendered ‘ artists impressions ’ of what the structures probably looked like .
even when no substantial physical [stays] have been found , archaeologists , using bodies of knowledge gained over many years , may have been able to infer what kinds of buildings may have stood on particular spots which show foundation-traces , and have rendered ‘ artists impressions ’ of what the structures probably looked like .

Ironbridge Gorge Museum Trust ( Telford ) Established in 1968 , the Museum Trust conserves the unique industrial remains of the area , which comprise coke-smelting furnaces , the world 's first iron bridge , china factories and much more .
ironbridge gorge museum trust ( telford ) established in 1968 , the museum trust conserves the unique industrial [stays] of the area , which comprise coke-smelting furnaces , the world 's first iron bridge , china factories and much more .

Despite relatively high levels of pay , there remains a shortage of trained teachers .
despite relatively high levels of pay , there [stays] a shortage of trained teachers .

The new policies envisage that although the state remains the ‘ fundamental instrument ’ in applying educational policy , responsibility for provision should be devolved to non-governmental bodies — including firms , co-operatives , citizens ' associations and social or humanitarian organizations which would subsidize community schools on a non-profit basis .
the new policies envisage that although the state [stays] the ‘ fundamental instrument ’ in applying educational policy , responsibility for provision should be devolved to non-governmental bodies — including firms , co-operatives , citizens ' associations and social or humanitarian organizations which would subsidize community schools on a non-profit basis .

Despite a land reform initiative in the early 1980s , rural society remains polarized .
despite a land reform initiative in the early 1980s , rural society [stays] polarized .

The segregated nature of the educational system remains the same as ever , with only a few private schools taking pupils of all races .
the segregated nature of the educational system [stays] the same as ever , with only a few private schools taking pupils of all races .

The surroundings were full of interest : in the foreground we had Martha 's pig-store , where she kept a varied assortment of china and earthenware ; it also was roofed by the remains of an old pleasure boat ; Martha 's cabbage garden and potato plot , and Martha 's henhouse , where the roosters were alike honoured by having a boat-house of their own .
the surroundings were full of interest : in the foreground we had martha 's pig-store , where she kept a varied assortment of china and earthenware ; it also was roofed by the [stays] of an old pleasure boat ; martha 's cabbage garden and potato plot , and martha 's henhouse , where the roosters were alike honoured by having a boat-house of their own .

There remains for me a disturbing element about In Memoriam notices .
there [stays] for me a disturbing element about in memoriam notices .

Inserting a garage into his ancestors ' ancient garden , the bulldozer 's blade had sliced through the ochre remains lost in the chalk .
inserting a garage into his ancestors ' ancient garden , the bulldozer 's blade had sliced through the ochre [stays] lost in the chalk .

In my hands , ‘ Fred 's ’ frail remains made my flesh tingle .
in my hands , ‘ fred 's ’ frail [stays] made my flesh tingle .

Although the overall picture of socio-demographic change in the cities remains gloomy , it is , at the same time , important to stress the dynamic aspects of its nature .
although the overall picture of socio-demographic change in the cities [stays] gloomy , it is , at the same time , important to stress the dynamic aspects of its nature .

Although inner-urban funding in the late 1970s was limited , the direction of Urban Programme expenditure remains a valid area of investigation .
although inner-urban funding in the late 1970s was limited , the direction of urban programme expenditure [stays] a valid area of investigation .

The whole area remains complex .
the whole area [stays] complex .

However , ‘ well established conservation policies should be maintained ’ and the general presumption against inappropriate development in the Green Belt remains .
however , ‘ well established conservation policies should be maintained ’ and the general presumption against inappropriate development in the green belt [stays] .

The government remains committed to Green Belt protection , conservation of agricultural land etc .
the government [stays] committed to green belt protection , conservation of agricultural land etc .

Although the government remains committed , at least on paper , to the preservation of high quality agricultural land and open countryside , the demands for more housing , roads and industrial development in other areas are frequently unpopular .
although the government [stays] committed , at least on paper , to the preservation of high quality agricultural land and open countryside , the demands for more housing , roads and industrial development in other areas are frequently unpopular .

Although the government remains committed to the preservation of top quality farmland as a national resource , there is some confusion over what exactly constitutes top quality , and some farmers face considerable pressure from developers .
although the government [stays] committed to the preservation of top quality farmland as a national resource , there is some confusion over what exactly constitutes top quality , and some farmers face considerable pressure from developers .

The government 's liberalisation of planning controls , and changes to the Use Classes Order , have stimulated and sustained these trends and although the presumption against development in the Green Belt and open countryside remains , these areas are extremely attractive to developers .
the government 's liberalisation of planning controls , and changes to the use classes order , have stimulated and sustained these trends and although the presumption against development in the green belt and open countryside [stays] , these areas are extremely attractive to developers .

Although the Green Belt remains largely exempt from such developments , there is increasing pressure on urban fringe and other less protected sites , especially those located near major motorway junctions .
although the green belt [stays] largely exempt from such developments , there is increasing pressure on urban fringe and other less protected sites , especially those located near major motorway junctions .

Some days later when the forest fire had been brought under control , rescuers arrived to find the charred remains of the brave telegraph despatcher , his finger still on the telegraph key .
some days later when the forest fire had been brought under control , rescuers arrived to find the charred [stays] of the brave telegraph despatcher , his finger still on the telegraph key .

We control for them , and see if the relationship between income and reported willingness to break the law remains .
we control for them , and see if the relationship between income and reported willingness to break the law [stays] .

This epitomises the current debate that exists relating to causal factors : while the issue remains unresolved , most of the available evidence points to human activity as the more important catalyst .
this epitomises the current debate that exists relating to causal factors : while the issue [stays] unresolved , most of the available evidence points to human activity as the more important catalyst .

Deforestation still remains a crucial issue in the Himalaya but the temporal and spatial pattern of its occurrence is , in the light of more recent research , very different from that hitherto envisaged .
deforestation still [stays] a crucial issue in the himalaya but the temporal and spatial pattern of its occurrence is , in the light of more recent research , very different from that hitherto envisaged .

The vestiges of these empires , as well as those of the Olmecs and Mayas , are represented in the landscape by the remains of vast temples , road networks and terracing .
the vestiges of these empires , as well as those of the olmecs and mayas , are represented in the landscape by the [stays] of vast temples , road networks and terracing .

This remains an unanswered question until such organisms are released and monitored but it does require a cautious and controlled approach if lessons are to be learnt from the often detrimental effects that have accrued from the introduction of organisms into non-indigenous environments as biological controls or as inadvertent introductions .
this [stays] an unanswered question until such organisms are released and monitored but it does require a cautious and controlled approach if lessons are to be learnt from the often detrimental effects that have accrued from the introduction of organisms into non-indigenous environments as biological controls or as inadvertent introductions .

Hampden Babylon deliberately draws on a style of writing pioneered by the writer and film-maker Kenneth Anger in his book Hollywood Babylon , a text that remains a milestone in the history of cinema and scandal decades after its initial publication .
hampden babylon deliberately draws on a style of writing pioneered by the writer and film-maker kenneth anger in his book hollywood babylon , a text that [stays] a milestone in the history of cinema and scandal decades after its initial publication .

Throughout his book , Anger patiently exhumes the sordid remains of dead film stars , robbing their graves for any evidence that might undermine the official stories that the Hollywood studio system revealed to an adoring public .
throughout his book , anger patiently exhumes the sordid [stays] of dead film stars , robbing their graves for any evidence that might undermine the official stories that the hollywood studio system revealed to an adoring public .

But in reporting this highly selective history of Scotland 's footballing campaigns Hampden Babylon remains loyal to the great myths of the game , and to the undoubted disgust of the Scottish Football Association , places its faith in the anti-authoritarian players who have come to Scotland 's rescue in the past and brightened our mediocrity with a touch of madness .
but in reporting this highly selective history of scotland 's footballing campaigns hampden babylon [stays] loyal to the great myths of the game , and to the undoubted disgust of the scottish football association , places its faith in the anti-authoritarian players who have come to scotland 's rescue in the past and brightened our mediocrity with a touch of madness .

Patsy remains one of the very few sexual renegades who have dared to wear women 's clothes in front of their teammates .
patsy [stays] one of the very few sexual renegades who have dared to wear women 's clothes in front of their teammates .

The goalkeeper that fateful Saturday afternoon in April 1961 was Frank Haffey , who to this day remains the most unfortunate victim of Scotland 's greatest footballing disaster .
the goalkeeper that fateful saturday afternoon in april 1961 was frank haffey , who to this day [stays] the most unfortunate victim of scotland 's greatest footballing disaster .

But the details of the incident have been lost in the mists of history and for most people all that remains is a fleeting memory of the dejected player arriving at Heathrow Airport to face a miserable future as one half of a very well worn footballing joke .
but the details of the incident have been lost in the mists of history and for most people all that [stays] is a fleeting memory of the dejected player arriving at heathrow airport to face a miserable future as one half of a very well worn footballing joke .

The first choice keeper , David Harvey of Leeds United called off in what remains the most unlikely circumstances in the history of the game .
the first choice keeper , david harvey of leeds united called off in what [stays] the most unlikely circumstances in the history of the game .

Whatever happened in the smoky offices of Swindon Town Football Club , Lou Macari clearly felt his honour was questioned , and he remains ruthless in the pursuit of his innocence .
whatever happened in the smoky offices of swindon town football club , lou macari clearly felt his honour was questioned , and he [stays] ruthless in the pursuit of his innocence .

As a manager he remains his own greatest fan and although his playing days are over , he was probably the most creative player on Rangers ' books : a genius in search of a mirror .
as a manager he [stays] his own greatest fan and although his playing days are over , he was probably the most creative player on rangers ' books : a genius in search of a mirror .

He remains adamant that a campaign bordering on conspiracy has highlighted his misdemeanours and that referees take an over exuberant interest in his style of play and management .
he [stays] adamant that a campaign bordering on conspiracy has highlighted his misdemeanours and that referees take an over exuberant interest in his style of play and management .

Nicholas still denies the exchange was anything like as bad as the court supposed and although he paid £1,300 damages to the victim , h e remains adamant that an injustice was done .
nicholas still denies the exchange was anything like as bad as the court supposed and although he paid £1,300 damages to the victim , h e [stays] adamant that an injustice was done .

Despite the advances made by several clubs and in spite of the tireless education advice offered by the Scottish Professional Footballers Association , football remains an attractive place for the walking wounded .
despite the advances made by several clubs and in spite of the tireless education advice offered by the scottish professional footballers association , football [stays] an attractive place for the walking wounded .

Maslow wrote that beauty is the last aim of man ; for when he has fulfilled all his drives and ambitions and has achieved self realization and creativity and success in his own eyes , there remains only this last aim of beauty .
maslow wrote that beauty is the last aim of man ; for when he has fulfilled all his drives and ambitions and has achieved self realization and creativity and success in his own eyes , there [stays] only this last aim of beauty .

Even though the local advantages for power and raw materials have gone , the industry remains in the same place .
even though the local advantages for power and raw materials have gone , the industry [stays] in the same place .

What remains whispers the whisper
what [stays] whispers the whisper

After the cool , the sweat of what remains ,
after the cool , the sweat of what [stays] ,

its heat remains .
its heat [stays] .

Rather than promoting dependency ( as Talia and her husband fear ) , assisting Anselmo is the surest route to competent functioning , provided parental interaction builds on Anselmo ’ s current capacities and remains sensitive to his unique characteristics .
rather than promoting dependency ( as talia and her husband fear ) , assisting anselmo is the surest route to competent functioning , provided parental interaction builds on anselmo ’ s current capacities and [stays] sensitive to his unique characteristics .

It remains positive so long as the child feels that he or she is competent at some worthwhile skills .
it [stays] positive so long as the child feels that he or she is competent at some worthwhile skills .

In sum , when time out is combined with reasoning , it remains effective through the school years .
in sum , when time out is combined with reasoning , it [stays] effective through the school years .

To build an autobiographical memory , children must have a well-formed sense of self—as a person who , despite changes in appearance ( a new haircut , becoming taller and more mature looking ) , remains the same on the inside over time .
to build an autobiographical memory , children must have a well-formed sense of self—as a person who , despite changes in appearance ( a new haircut , becoming taller and more mature looking ) , [stays] the same on the inside over time .

The impact of these trade changes remains uncertain , and national policies that take them into account are still evolving .
the impact of these trade changes [stays] uncertain , and national policies that take them into account are still evolving .

The failure of most suppliers in the apparel industry to make inventory carrying costs an explicit part of their decision-making process remains a significant impediment to enhanced profitability .
the failure of most suppliers in the apparel industry to make inventory carrying costs an explicit part of their decision-making process [stays] a significant impediment to enhanced profitability .

A good rule of thumb for understanding how product proliferation affects demand uncertainty is that the demand uncertainty for a product category increases as the square root of the number of products in the category ( assuming that the total demand for the product category remains unchanged and that the individual items in the category have demand distributions that are statistically independent and identically distributed ) .
a good rule of thumb for understanding how product proliferation affects demand uncertainty is that the demand uncertainty for a product category increases as the square root of the number of products in the category ( assuming that the total demand for the product category [stays] unchanged and that the individual items in the category have demand distributions that are statistically independent and identically distributed ) .

By the early 1930s , two systems of sewing and assembly emerged in the men ’ s segment of the apparel industry : the progressive bundle system ( PBS ) and the straight-line system ( SLS ) .13 The ascendancy of PBS in the men ’ s industry , where it remains by far the dominant system even today , illustrates how product market competition—specifically intense price-based competition—gave rise to distinctive human resource practices .
by the early 1930s , two systems of sewing and assembly emerged in the men ’ s segment of the apparel industry : the progressive bundle system ( pbs ) and the straight-line system ( sls ) .13 the ascendancy of pbs in the men ’ s industry , where it [stays] by far the dominant system even today , illustrates how product market competition—specifically intense price-based competition—gave rise to distinctive human resource practices .

Although this system has never had as many problems with line balancing as SLS , creating sufficient buffers between assembly steps to keep everyone in the sewing room occupied remains a challenge .
although this system has never had as many problems with line balancing as sls , creating sufficient buffers between assembly steps to keep everyone in the sewing room occupied [stays] a challenge .

The same assortment of sizes might be needed many times in a month , and the finished layout can be called up from computer memory and used over and over again , provided the width of the fabric remains the same .
the same assortment of sizes might be needed many times in a month , and the finished layout can be called up from computer memory and used over and over again , provided the width of the fabric [stays] the same .

Laser-cutting of fabric remains a little used technique in the United States and abroad .
laser-cutting of fabric [stays] a little used technique in the united states and abroad .

Whether just-in-time inventories will be able to dampen future business cycles , however , remains to be seen .
whether just-in-time inventories will be able to dampen future business cycles , however , [stays] to be seen .

The ILO held a convention on child labor in June 1998 and is considering a proposal for an annual “ global report ” on countries that have not ratified certain core workers ’ rights , such as freedom of association , abolition of forced labor , nondiscrimination and equal remuneration , and minimum age.33 Even with such international standards adopted by the ILO , the task of enforcement remains daunting .
the ilo held a convention on child labor in june 1998 and is considering a proposal for an annual “ global report ” on countries that have not ratified certain core workers ’ rights , such as freedom of association , abolition of forced labor , nondiscrimination and equal remuneration , and minimum age.33 even with such international standards adopted by the ilo , the task of enforcement [stays] daunting .

Basic products are prime candidates for lean retailing because such a product style remains in a retailer and apparel company ’ s product line over much of the selling season and often over several years .
basic products are prime candidates for lean retailing because such a product style [stays] in a retailer and apparel company ’ s product line over much of the selling season and often over several years .

Once the overall form of a building is determined— “ the masterly , correct , and magnificent play of masses brought together in light ” —there remains the question not only of what materials are to be used and how these will be assembled , but also of how the hundreds of parts of the building are to be designed : from the door frames and the window sills to the railings and the baseboards .
once the overall form of a building is determined— “ the masterly , correct , and magnificent play of masses brought together in light ” —there [stays] the question not only of what materials are to be used and how these will be assembled , but also of how the hundreds of parts of the building are to be designed : from the door frames and the window sills to the railings and the baseboards .

Deep-rooted is this teaching that it remains a moral stricture on most architects , whether or not they are Modernists .
deep-rooted is this teaching that it [stays] a moral stricture on most architects , whether or not they are modernists .

Accordingly , when Bourke became interested in Mexican customs and language , he approached them as the cultural remains of a higher Spanish-Arabic civilization .
accordingly , when bourke became interested in mexican customs and language , he approached them as the cultural [stays] of a higher spanish-arabic civilization .

Of course , this stain disappeared in the postwar reform , but the memory remains of a corrupted civil code .
of course , this stain disappeared in the postwar reform , but the memory [stays] of a corrupted civil code .

The British Constitution remains , as is well known , famously unwritten .
the british constitution [stays] , as is well known , famously unwritten .

The discussion remains haunted by the myth that the states admitted after the founding retroactively granted authority to the federal government that created them .
the discussion [stays] haunted by the myth that the states admitted after the founding retroactively granted authority to the federal government that created them .

It remains an article of faith , as does the commitment to think of the American people as a single nation .
it [stays] an article of faith , as does the commitment to think of the american people as a single nation .

The question remains why and how the majority of the court rejected Justice Field ’ s ingenious construction of harmony between the two levels of citizenship .
the question [stays] why and how the majority of the court rejected justice field ’ s ingenious construction of harmony between the two levels of citizenship .

Equality remains the promise .
equality [stays] the promise .

Lincoln remains ambiguous about the “ great task ” to which we should be dedicated so that “ these dead shall not have died in vain. ” The long-range objective is the redemption of the nation from its “ offences ” —from its original sin of having tolerated entrenched inequality in the very framework of its original Constitution .
lincoln [stays] ambiguous about the “ great task ” to which we should be dedicated so that “ these dead shall not have died in vain. ” the long-range objective is the redemption of the nation from its “ offences ” —from its original sin of having tolerated entrenched inequality in the very framework of its original constitution .

The tone of the amendment remains deferential to the states ’ control of the electoral process , even for national office .
the tone of the amendment [stays] deferential to the states ’ control of the electoral process , even for national office .

One basic value remains curiously absent from those enthroned in the postbellum legal order .
one basic value [stays] curiously absent from those enthroned in the postbellum legal order .

Whether it will find a suitable purpose in a constitutional scheme built on equality and due process remains to be seen .
whether it will find a suitable purpose in a constitutional scheme built on equality and due process [stays] to be seen .

Nonetheless , the insight remains with us that relationships of employment—indeed all forms of relationship—require more than nominal consent to be legitimate .
nonetheless , the insight [stays] with us that relationships of employment—indeed all forms of relationship—require more than nominal consent to be legitimate .

The issue remains with us—if only in a slightly different guise .
the issue [stays] with us—if only in a slightly different guise .

The question of liberty and its potential abuse in an oppressive relationship remains a flash point of debate .
the question of liberty and its potential abuse in an oppressive relationship [stays] a flash point of debate .

Despite any valid insights in my own two books , and despite the fine work of many others , including the brilliance manifest in the past three decades of molecular biology , the core of life itself remains shrouded from view .
despite any valid insights in my own two books , and despite the fine work of many others , including the brilliance manifest in the past three decades of molecular biology , the core of life itself [stays] shrouded from view .

Much remains to be done to test my theory .
much [stays] to be done to test my theory .

How brazen a chapter subtitle : “ Beyond Newton , Einstein , and Bohr ? ” Hints we shall find , for the science of Newton , Einstein , and Bohr remains innocent of the propagating coconstructing organization of autonomous agents , of nonequilibrium systems building a biosphere .
how brazen a chapter subtitle : “ beyond newton , einstein , and bohr ? ” hints we shall find , for the science of newton , einstein , and bohr [stays] innocent of the propagating coconstructing organization of autonomous agents , of nonequilibrium systems building a biosphere .

Deeper in the ordered regime , the size distribution of avalanches remains a power law , but the slope down to the right becomes steeper , so there are fewer big avalanches compared to small avalanches .
deeper in the ordered regime , the size distribution of avalanches [stays] a power law , but the slope down to the right becomes steeper , so there are fewer big avalanches compared to small avalanches .

There remains analysis to be done .
there [stays] analysis to be done .

For example , the model community might go to a steady-state ratio of four species or might enter a limit cycle oscillation or some chaotic dynamics with a strange attractor that remains above zero for all species .
for example , the model community might go to a steady-state ratio of four species or might enter a limit cycle oscillation or some chaotic dynamics with a strange attractor that [stays] above zero for all species .

My favorite example remains the frog and the fly .
my favorite example [stays] the frog and the fly .

Once this is done for each of the N genes , it remains to define the fitness of an organism with a specific allele at each of the N genes .
once this is done for each of the n genes , it [stays] to define the fitness of an organism with a specific allele at each of the n genes .

Above a critical ratio of the selective advantage at the peak to the mutation rate , the population remains near the peak .
above a critical ratio of the selective advantage at the peak to the mutation rate , the population [stays] near the peak .

The whole of this chapter suggests that autonomous agents coevolve to be as capable as possible of making the most diverse discriminations and actions , take advantage of the most unexpected exaptations , coevolve as readily as possible to coconstruct the blossoming diversity that is , and remains , Darwin ’ s “ tangled bank. ” I sense a fourth law in which the workspace of the biosphere expands , on average , as fast as it can in this coconstructing biosphere .
the whole of this chapter suggests that autonomous agents coevolve to be as capable as possible of making the most diverse discriminations and actions , take advantage of the most unexpected exaptations , coevolve as readily as possible to coconstruct the blossoming diversity that is , and [stays] , darwin ’ s “ tangled bank. ” i sense a fourth law in which the workspace of the biosphere expands , on average , as fast as it can in this coconstructing biosphere .

The universe , since the big bang , was and remains out of equilibrium , or vastly nonequilibrium .
the universe , since the big bang , was and [stays] out of equilibrium , or vastly nonequilibrium .

It remains an open question whether other structures and processes in the universe that may not be autonomous agents say , lifeless galaxies , stars , the giant molecular clouds in galaxies , or lifeless planets can generate and propagate diversifying organization as radically well as do biospheres .
it [stays] an open question whether other structures and processes in the universe that may not be autonomous agents say , lifeless galaxies , stars , the giant molecular clouds in galaxies , or lifeless planets can generate and propagate diversifying organization as radically well as do biospheres .

Indeed , if the Carnot engine is operated slowly enough , the temperature remains constant .
indeed , if the carnot engine is operated slowly enough , the temperature [stays] constant .

The point of this trick is that it requires less work to compress a gas that remains cool than one that heats up .
the point of this trick is that it requires less work to compress a gas that [stays] cool than one that heats up .

It remains true that general relativity and quantum mechanics remain fitfully fit , fitfully un-united .
it [stays] true that general relativity and quantum mechanics remain fitfully fit , fitfully un-united .

Darwin ’ s view of persistent coevolution remains by and large unconnected with our fundamental physics , even though the evolution of the biosphere is manifestly a physical process in the universe .
darwin ’ s view of persistent coevolution [stays] by and large unconnected with our fundamental physics , even though the evolution of the biosphere is manifestly a physical process in the universe .

King Djoser of the Fourthth Dynasty was the first to attempt to build a large funerary monument to hold his mortal remains and protect the riches buried with him for his next life .
king djoser of the fourthth dynasty was the first to attempt to build a large funerary monument to hold his mortal [stays] and protect the riches buried with him for his next life .

The technique remains the same , although it was adopted on the peninsula only in the 20th century .
the technique [stays] the same , although it was adopted on the peninsula only in the 20th century .

The work remains exquisite despite this perceived limitation .
the work [stays] exquisite despite this perceived limitation .

Little remains of medieval Madrid , but there are glimpses of the oldest parts of the city in the Arab walls and several attractive small plazas , as well as many other discoveries to be made in this area that extends from the River Manzanares and Palacio Real ( Royal Palace , actually the legacy of the later Bourbon rulers ) to the lively , congested Puerta del Sol , still the nerve center of Madrid .
little [stays] of medieval madrid , but there are glimpses of the oldest parts of the city in the arab walls and several attractive small plazas , as well as many other discoveries to be made in this area that extends from the river manzanares and palacio real ( royal palace , actually the legacy of the later bourbon rulers ) to the lively , congested puerta del sol , still the nerve center of madrid .

A people so justifiably famous for hospitality , politeness , and respect also produced an army whose brutality during its occupation of Southeast Asia during the war remains a stumbling block to “ normal ” international relations .
a people so justifiably famous for hospitality , politeness , and respect also produced an army whose brutality during its occupation of southeast asia during the war [stays] a stumbling block to “ normal ” international relations .

Even sexual assaults are increasing — although this might reflect a reduction of social stigma in what remains a deeply conservative society , where previously the number of reported incidents was severely constrained .
even sexual assaults are increasing — although this might reflect a reduction of social stigma in what [stays] a deeply conservative society , where previously the number of reported incidents was severely constrained .

Still , Japan remains one of the safest countries in the world to live or visit .
still , japan [stays] one of the safest countries in the world to live or visit .

The imperial family remains largely out of sight , never giving an opinion , wholly removed from the daily life of their increasingly beleaguered subjects .
the imperial family [stays] largely out of sight , never giving an opinion , wholly removed from the daily life of their increasingly beleaguered subjects .

The magnificent frescoes and mosaics found at Akrotiri are in Athens at present , but the remains of the buildings at the site provide ample evidence of the sophistication of the culture here .
the magnificent frescoes and mosaics found at akrotiri are in athens at present , but the [stays] of the buildings at the site provide ample evidence of the sophistication of the culture here .

Whether this will ever happen remains to be seen , but perhaps the aid offered by Greece to Turkey after 1999 ’ s devastating earthquake is a sign that the animosity between these two traditional enemies is beginning to diminish .
whether this will ever happen [stays] to be seen , but perhaps the aid offered by greece to turkey after 1999 ’ s devastating earthquake is a sign that the animosity between these two traditional enemies is beginning to diminish .

San Isidro has a massive dome , a single nave and , among many relics , the revered remains of the city ’ s patron saint , San Isidro Labrador .
san isidro has a massive dome , a single nave and , among many relics , the revered [stays] of the city ’ s patron saint , san isidro labrador .

An identical chapel was built alongside this one in 1929 so that Goya ’ s frescoes and remains could rest in relative peace .
an identical chapel was built alongside this one in 1929 so that goya ’ s frescoes and [stays] could rest in relative peace .

The one-time imperial capital remains the religious center of Spain and an incomparable treasure-trove of fine arts .
the one-time imperial capital [stays] the religious center of spain and an incomparable treasure-trove of fine arts .

Even though the Moors and Jews were expelled from the city , Toledo remains alive with their remarkable contributions .
even though the moors and jews were expelled from the city , toledo [stays] alive with their remarkable contributions .

Its remains reflect its dual roles in ancient Greek life , a holy place and a center of trade .
its [stays] reflect its dual roles in ancient greek life , a holy place and a center of trade .

From here , the vista of the whole town can be seen , with a fine residential quarter to the right , and the remains of a series of magnificent temples to the left .
from here , the vista of the whole town can be seen , with a fine residential quarter to the right , and the [stays] of a series of magnificent temples to the left .

Surrounding it are the remains of the Sacred Lake , drained in the 1920s to prevent mosquitoes from breeding in the stagnant water .
surrounding it are the [stays] of the sacred lake , drained in the 1920s to prevent mosquitoes from breeding in the stagnant water .

The climb — along a narrow and sometimes steep path — will lead to scant remains of third-century b.c .
the climb — along a narrow and sometimes steep path — will lead to scant [stays] of third-century b.c .

Here the remains of a massive Venetian fortress destroyed by invading Ottoman forces can be found .
here the [stays] of a massive venetian fortress destroyed by invading ottoman forces can be found .

Away from the port , a maze of narrow streets disguise the remains of a kastro , or castle , dating from the 13th century , which recycled marble from Greek and Roman temples on the island .
away from the port , a maze of narrow streets disguise the [stays] of a kastro , or castle , dating from the 13th century , which recycled marble from greek and roman temples on the island .

Look out for the remains of a marble-covered Byzantine road ( fourth- to century–14th-century ) that once connected Lefkes with the nearby village of Karampoli down in the valley .
look out for the [stays] of a marble-covered byzantine road ( fourth- to century–14th-century ) that once connected lefkes with the nearby village of karampoli down in the valley .

The building remains you ’ ll see once housed French workmen who came here in 1844 to cut marble for Napoleon ’ s tomb in the Hôtel des Invalides in Paris .
the building [stays] you ’ ll see once housed french workmen who came here in 1844 to cut marble for napoleon ’ s tomb in the hôtel des invalides in paris .

What remains today is the outer rim of the original circular island .
what [stays] today is the outer rim of the original circular island .

In the center of the island is the village of Pirgos , with the remains of a Venetian fortress at its heart .
in the center of the island is the village of pirgos , with the [stays] of a venetian fortress at its heart .

The site sprawls over a wide area , but unfortunately , some remains are in poor condition , a situation which causes the site to close intermittently because of the danger of falling masonry .
the site sprawls over a wide area , but unfortunately , some [stays] are in poor condition , a situation which causes the site to close intermittently because of the danger of falling masonry .

The remains , which include streets with houses and pretty communal squares , have been placed under a protective , corrugated roof that gets hot and crowded , so try to visit as early in the day as possible .
the [stays] , which include streets with houses and pretty communal squares , have been placed under a protective , corrugated roof that gets hot and crowded , so try to visit as early in the day as possible .

The major islands exhibit faded remains of a Muslim influence , though this was just one of several cultures to leave its mark on the islands .
the major islands exhibit faded [stays] of a muslim influence , though this was just one of several cultures to leave its mark on the islands .

Four kilometers ( 2 1⁄2 miles ) outside Kos Town are the remains of a medical school founded in the fourth century b.c .
four kilometers ( 2 1⁄2 miles ) outside kos town are the [stays] of a medical school founded in the fourth century b.c .

Many of the largest remains date from the Roman , rather than the Classical Greek era , and the site was damaged by the Knights of St. John when they removed marble from it to build their castle in Kos Town .
many of the largest [stays] date from the roman , rather than the classical greek era , and the site was damaged by the knights of st. john when they removed marble from it to build their castle in kos town .

Today , a small fleet of sponge fishermen still sets sail every summer , although the crop remains in decline .
today , a small fleet of sponge fishermen still sets sail every summer , although the crop [stays] in decline .

In the clear waters offshore are the remains of an Italian naval vessel sunk by British forces in World War II .
in the clear waters offshore are the [stays] of an italian naval vessel sunk by british forces in world war ii .

North of Mytilini , stop at the village of Moria , where you will find the remains of a huge Roman aqueduct surrounded by grazing goats .
north of mytilini , stop at the village of moria , where you will find the [stays] of a huge roman aqueduct surrounded by grazing goats .

To the west , beyond the airport , are the remains of the Temple of Hera , or the Heraion .
to the west , beyond the airport , are the [stays] of the temple of hera , or the heraion .

The remains of the Byzantine kastro can also be explored .
the [stays] of the byzantine kastro can also be explored .

The remains of the center , the Sanctuary of the Great Gods near the town of Paleopoli , now form one of the major archaeological sites in the eastern Aegean .
the [stays] of the center , the sanctuary of the great gods near the town of paleopoli , now form one of the major archaeological sites in the eastern aegean .

This protects a population of monk seals and other marine life , as well as archaeological remains on the seabed .
this protects a population of monk seals and other marine life , as well as archaeological [stays] on the seabed .

You ’ ll find the remains of the Roman fort Galava a little way to the north , at the confluence ofthe Brathay and Rothay , two of the rivers that feed Lake Windermere .
you ’ ll find the [stays] of the roman fort galava a little way to the north , at the confluence ofthe brathay and rothay , two of the rivers that feed lake windermere .

It is a much grander residence than Dove Cottage , yet it remains true to the poet ’ s philosophy and world view — it ’ s neither too imposing nor too lavish .
it is a much grander residence than dove cottage , yet it [stays] true to the poet ’ s philosophy and world view — it ’ s neither too imposing nor too lavish .

Just outside of Hawkshead , it is all that remains of the old manor house built by the monks of Furness , most of which was destroyed during the Reformation .
just outside of hawkshead , it is all that [stays] of the old manor house built by the monks of furness , most of which was destroyed during the reformation .

The remains of historic Kendal Castle overlook the town .
the [stays] of historic kendal castle overlook the town .

The remains of mining and quarrying sites on the face of The Old Man of Coniston , the mountain above the town , are a reminder of its history .
the [stays] of mining and quarrying sites on the face of the old man of coniston , the mountain above the town , are a reminder of its history .

All that remains of the original settlement are the ruins of a Roman bathhouse , just a little ways from today ’ s town .
all that [stays] of the original settlement are the ruins of a roman bathhouse , just a little ways from today ’ s town .

Above the town , across from the railway station , are the remains of Penrith Castle , built to protect against raids from the north .
above the town , across from the railway station , are the [stays] of penrith castle , built to protect against raids from the north .

This large estate once centered on a fairy-tale castle , the remains of which can still be seen from the outside ( it ’ s not open to the public ) .
this large estate once centered on a fairy-tale castle , the [stays] of which can still be seen from the outside ( it ’ s not open to the public ) .

At Birdoswald Visitors Centre , however , 24 km ( 15 miles ) east of Carlisle , visitors can view the remains of one of the forts and walk along some of the better-preserved sections of the wall .
at birdoswald visitors centre , however , 24 km ( 15 miles ) east of carlisle , visitors can view the [stays] of one of the forts and walk along some of the better-preserved sections of the wall .

France remains , however , a splendid and individualist country that has much to offer to the foreign visitor .
france [stays] , however , a splendid and individualist country that has much to offer to the foreign visitor .

Quality of life remains their paramount preoccupation .
quality of life [stays] their paramount preoccupation .

The kings and counts and feudal lords have gone from the Loire Valley and the forests and marshes of Sologne , but the hunting and fishing country remains .
the kings and counts and feudal lords have gone from the loire valley and the forests and marshes of sologne , but the hunting and fishing country [stays] .

As you reach Gloucester Avenue , you ’ ll pass the remains of the Old Fort , with its small sturdy walls and heavy cannon that guarded the bay for many years .
as you reach gloucester avenue , you ’ ll pass the [stays] of the old fort , with its small sturdy walls and heavy cannon that guarded the bay for many years .

The most obvious remains at the site date from this time .
the most obvious [stays] at the site date from this time .

Older remains lie scattered along the shoreline and in shallow water beyond the tidal reach .
older [stays] lie scattered along the shoreline and in shallow water beyond the tidal reach .

There is very little left of old Ocho Rios : the scant remains of Ocho Rios Fort are probably the oldest and now lie in an industrial area , almost forgotten as the tide of progress has swept over the town .
there is very little left of old ocho rios : the scant [stays] of ocho rios fort are probably the oldest and now lie in an industrial area , almost forgotten as the tide of progress has swept over the town .

All along the northern coast here you will see remains of the old railway line , which once linked the plantations to the port but now mostly provides a place for children to play or animals to graze .
all along the northern coast here you will see [stays] of the old railway line , which once linked the plantations to the port but now mostly provides a place for children to play or animals to graze .

Ornate ironwork now rusts , wooden fretwork molds , and paint peels , yet there remains a beauty about this aging finery .
ornate ironwork now rusts , wooden fretwork molds , and paint peels , yet there [stays] a beauty about this aging finery .

On the eastern peninsula tip is Folly , the remains of a large mansion surrounded by legend and mystery .
on the eastern peninsula tip is folly , the [stays] of a large mansion surrounded by legend and mystery .

Where to Go T he crowded Kowloon peninsula and the booming New Territories on the mainland call for some serious sightseeing ; but we begin across Victoria Harbor on Hong Kong Island , where the city was first founded and which remains the center of government , business , and commerce .
where to go t he crowded kowloon peninsula and the booming new territories on the mainland call for some serious sightseeing ; but we begin across victoria harbor on hong kong island , where the city was first founded and which [stays] the center of government , business , and commerce .

If you walk east on the Star Ferry terminal concourse , you will find yourself on the wonderful Promenade , which begins at the clock tower , all that remains of the once grand Kowloon-Canton Railway Terminus .
if you walk east on the star ferry terminal concourse , you will find yourself on the wonderful promenade , which begins at the clock tower , all that [stays] of the once grand kowloon-canton railway terminus .

There is a total of 12,800 Buddha statues here , plus the remains of the monastery ’ s founder embalmed in gold leaf .
there is a total of 12,800 buddha statues here , plus the [stays] of the monastery ’ s founder embalmed in gold leaf .

Macau ’ s most memorable monument is the Baroque façade of the ruins of São Paulo , the only remains of a beautiful 17th-century Jesuit church .
macau ’ s most memorable monument is the baroque façade of the ruins of são paulo , the only [stays] of a beautiful 17th-century jesuit church .

The remains of the 17th-century Barra Fortress , which once defended the southern tip of the peninsula , contains the chapel of Santiago ( St. James ) .
the [stays] of the 17th-century barra fortress , which once defended the southern tip of the peninsula , contains the chapel of santiago ( st. james ) .

There are three ancient gates into the city , and hist- orians claim the Carthaginians initially constructed a wall here , though there are no remains of it .
there are three ancient gates into the city , and hist- orians claim the carthaginians initially constructed a wall here , though there are no [stays] of it .

Just outside , glance over the cannon parapet for a view of the remains of devastated beachside buildings .
just outside , glance over the cannon parapet for a view of the [stays] of devastated beachside buildings .

The Swedes named it after King Gustav III and , in 1785 , declared it the free port that it remains today .
the swedes named it after king gustav iii and , in 1785 , declared it the free port that it [stays] today .

Of the few remains of the Byzantine city , the most remarkable building is the Haghia Sophia .
of the few [stays] of the byzantine city , the most remarkable building is the haghia sophia .

On the left of the entrance ramp is the open space once occupied by the Temple of Athena , close to which are the remains of the Pergamene library .
on the left of the entrance ramp is the open space once occupied by the temple of athena , close to which are the [stays] of the pergamene library .

Here you can see the remains of the library , theatre , and treatment rooms .
here you can see the [stays] of the library , theatre , and treatment rooms .

Rebuilt around the site of Alexander ’ s city , it is once again a bustling port and industrial town , but almost no trace remains of its former glory .
rebuilt around the site of alexander ’ s city , it is once again a bustling port and industrial town , but almost no trace [stays] of its former glory .

However , no trace remains of their original fortifications .
however , no trace [stays] of their original fortifications .

Today , nothing remains except the foundations .
today , nothing [stays] except the foundations .

Likewise , Las Vegas remains one of the few cities in the nation with two competing daily newspapers .
likewise , las vegas [stays] one of the few cities in the nation with two competing daily newspapers .

While facing the challenges of an ever-growing population that may outnumber even that of China by the beginning of the next century , India remains the largest democracy and one of the top ten industrial powers in the world .
while facing the challenges of an ever-growing population that may outnumber even that of china by the beginning of the next century , india [stays] the largest democracy and one of the top ten industrial powers in the world .

The allure of Madeira remains its absence of man-made attractions and abundance of natural ones .
the allure of madeira [stays] its absence of man-made attractions and abundance of natural ones .

Hound trailing , also once a part of daily life , remains a popular sport .
hound trailing , also once a part of daily life , [stays] a popular sport .

The Castle Rock and Arthur ’ s Seat are the remains of lava streams that hardened after the two volcanoes around them became dormant and cold .
the castle rock and arthur ’ s seat are the [stays] of lava streams that hardened after the two volcanoes around them became dormant and cold .

The remains of the tower — the rooms in its foundations — are currently being restored .
the [stays] of the tower — the rooms in its foundations — are currently being restored .

Abbey of Holyrood and the Park Outside , set in manicured gardens , are the remains of the Abbey of Holyrood .
abbey of holyrood and the park outside , set in manicured gardens , are the [stays] of the abbey of holyrood .

The old water ferry no longer runs , but Queensferry remains the crossing point for modern-day travelers in their motorized machines .
the old water ferry no longer runs , but queensferry [stays] the crossing point for modern-day travelers in their motorized machines .

Ankara may be the official capital of modern Tur­key , but Istanbul remains the country ’ s largest city , most important commercial centre , and busiest port , producing more than one-third of Turkey ’ s man­u­­­facturing out­­put .
ankara may be the official capital of modern tur­key , but istanbul [stays] the country ’ s largest city , most important commercial centre , and busiest port , producing more than one-third of turkey ’ s man­u­­­facturing out­­put .

Though little remains from Roman times , the city ’ s Byzantine legacy boasts Haghia Sophia , the Church of the Divine Wisdom and one of the world ’ s greatest buildings ; the magnificent mosaics of St. Saviour in Chora ; and the impressive Theodosian Walls .
though little [stays] from roman times , the city ’ s byzantine legacy boasts haghia sophia , the church of the divine wisdom and one of the world ’ s greatest buildings ; the magnificent mosaics of st. saviour in chora ; and the impressive theodosian walls .

Today Hong Kong remains a capitalist enclave with its laws and rights intact , and China has promised that Hong Kong will continue in this fashion for at least 50 years .
today hong kong [stays] a capitalist enclave with its laws and rights intact , and china has promised that hong kong will continue in this fashion for at least 50 years .

Beyond the regional identifications , the country remains divided culturally , economically , and psychologically between the prosperous , industrial North and less developed South , or Mezzogiorno ( “ Midday ” ) .
beyond the regional identifications , the country [stays] divided culturally , economically , and psychologically between the prosperous , industrial north and less developed south , or mezzogiorno ( “ midday ” ) .

In the ninth century they built a fort on the Liffey and founded Ireland ’ s first town — Dubh Linn or “ Black Pool. ” The remains of Viking fortifications can be seen today beneath Dublin Castle .
in the ninth century they built a fort on the liffey and founded ireland ’ s first town — dubh linn or “ black pool. ” the [stays] of viking fortifications can be seen today beneath dublin castle .

He remains a revered figure in the Irish pantheon .
he [stays] a revered figure in the irish pantheon .

It bears inscriptions in three varieties of Arabic script and leads to a bridge over the remains of the Citadel ’ s moat .
it bears inscriptions in three varieties of arabic script and leads to a bridge over the [stays] of the citadel ’ s moat .

Most of the rock was cut away with the construction of earlier Churches of the Holy Sepulcher ; all that remains is the stone shelf on which Jesus ’ s body lay , now covered in polished marble .
most of the rock was cut away with the construction of earlier churches of the holy sepulcher ; all that [stays] is the stone shelf on which jesus ’ s body lay , now covered in polished marble .

Today nothing remains of those altars .
today nothing [stays] of those altars .

The Dome of the Rock remains Jerusalem ’ s most striking monument ; it is counted among the most beautiful buildings ever created .
the dome of the rock [stays] jerusalem ’ s most striking monument ; it is counted among the most beautiful buildings ever created .

Upstairs is the Mummy Room where you can find the preserved remains of some of Egypt ’ s most illustrious rulers .
upstairs is the mummy room where you can find the preserved [stays] of some of egypt ’ s most illustrious rulers .

The most recent attraction at the pyramid complex is a small museum housing the remains of a solar barque ( a cedar longboat ) which was found in 1954 .
the most recent attraction at the pyramid complex is a small museum housing the [stays] of a solar barque ( a cedar longboat ) which was found in 1954 .

Of the once white walls of Memphis , little remains , but it was capital of Egypt until the end of the sixth Dynasty ( c. 2200 b.c .
of the once white walls of memphis , little [stays] , but it was capital of egypt until the end of the sixth dynasty ( c. 2200 b.c .

Upper Egypt was the heartland of the Kingdom at the peak of its power and influence , and the remains of its ancient cities form one of the most important and breathtaking archaeological collections in the world .
upper egypt was the heartland of the kingdom at the peak of its power and influence , and the [stays] of its ancient cities form one of the most important and breathtaking archaeological collections in the world .

Across the river on the west bank are the remains of other temples , and more importantly , the burial places of the great Pharaohs of Ancient Egypt , hidden in a slender valley beyond the narrow fertile river plain .
across the river on the west bank are the [stays] of other temples , and more importantly , the burial places of the great pharaohs of ancient egypt , hidden in a slender valley beyond the narrow fertile river plain .

Luxor temple does not have a sound and light show but it is open late each evening , offering you a chance to enjoy the majestic remains under floodlights , a very romantic sight to behold .
luxor temple does not have a sound and light show but it is open late each evening , offering you a chance to enjoy the majestic [stays] under floodlights , a very romantic sight to behold .

Beyond the main temple complex , Karnak stretches out over the landscape as far as the eye can see , but many of the other remains are more difficult to identify .
beyond the main temple complex , karnak stretches out over the landscape as far as the eye can see , but many of the other [stays] are more difficult to identify .

Often left out of the tour group itinerary , this part of the west bank can be much quieter than the better-known attractions , but they offer some interesting insights into Egyptian life and some excellent remains .
often left out of the tour group itinerary , this part of the west bank can be much quieter than the better-known attractions , but they offer some interesting insights into egyptian life and some excellent [stays] .

Below the Valley of the Queens are the remains of the town of the artisans , called Deir el-Medina .
below the valley of the queens are the [stays] of the town of the artisans , called deir el-medina .

The modern Egyptian town has been built on top of much of the ancient site of the Temple of Knum — ram-headed god of creation and protector of the Nile ’ s source — and only the Hypostyle Hall remains set 9 m ( 30 ft ) below the surrounding houses .
the modern egyptian town has been built on top of much of the ancient site of the temple of knum — ram-headed god of creation and protector of the nile ’ s source — and only the hypostyle hall [stays] set 9 m ( 30 ft ) below the surrounding houses .

Both Dahab and Nuweiba are growing but remains less developed than Sharm El-Sheikh .
both dahab and nuweiba are growing but [stays] less developed than sharm el-sheikh .

The complex within , still home to a community of Greek Orthodox priests , is centered around the Church of St. Catherine built in 552 and dedicated to the saint when her remains were discovered nearby ( on Mount St. Catherine ) over 300 years later .
the complex within , still home to a community of greek orthodox priests , is centered around the church of st. catherine built in 552 and dedicated to the saint when her [stays] were discovered nearby ( on mount st. catherine ) over 300 years later .

A Brief History The earliest signs of people on Jamaica are the remains of the Arawak , an Amerindian society that originated on the north coast of South America .
a brief history the earliest signs of people on jamaica are the [stays] of the arawak , an amerindian society that originated on the north coast of south america .

In fact , the hammock was an Amerindian invention that remains with us today ; it is an object which , more than any other , evokes an image of a warm sunny day on a tropical isle .
in fact , the hammock was an amerindian invention that [stays] with us today ; it is an object which , more than any other , evokes an image of a warm sunny day on a tropical isle .

The problem of economic and social inequality remains , and violence , which accompanies political allegiance , remains a part of everyday life in the ghettos of Kingston .
the problem of economic and social inequality [stays] , and violence , which accompanies political allegiance , [stays] a part of everyday life in the ghettos of kingston .

Rebuilt without any comprehensive urban plan , Tokyo remains a city of subcenters and neighborhoods , even villages , each with its own distinct personality .
rebuilt without any comprehensive urban plan , tokyo [stays] a city of subcenters and neighborhoods , even villages , each with its own distinct personality .

The following year , his remains were taken in a grand procession to be enshrined here , on the site of a religious center founded some eight centuries before .
the following year , his [stays] were taken in a grand procession to be enshrined here , on the site of a religious center founded some eight centuries before .

Graciously , it remains dormant for the sake of the hundreds of thousands of visitors who come every year to climb to the summit .
graciously , it [stays] dormant for the sake of the hundreds of thousands of visitors who come every year to climb to the summit .

The temple complex quickly became Kyoto ’ s main center of Shingon Buddhism , which it remains today .
the temple complex quickly became kyoto ’ s main center of shingon buddhism , which it [stays] today .

Nara Although Kyoto remains the country ’ s major cultural and historic destination , Japanese tourists equally revere the Kansai region ’ s other celebrated historical center .
nara although kyoto [stays] the country ’ s major cultural and historic destination , japanese tourists equally revere the kansai region ’ s other celebrated historical center .

Nara was Japan ’ s first imperial capital , and it remains home to many of its most important temples , shrines , and collections of Buddhist art treasures .
nara was japan ’ s first imperial capital , and it [stays] home to many of its most important temples , shrines , and collections of buddhist art treasures .

Of the original buildings , only the To-to ( East Pagoda ) remains , considered by many to be Japan ’ s most beautiful pagoda .
of the original buildings , only the to-to ( east pagoda ) [stays] , considered by many to be japan ’ s most beautiful pagoda .

The graves of hundreds of thousands from all walks of life now occupy the site , with the remains of emperors , warlords , warriors , samurai , and poets all jostling for space .
the graves of hundreds of thousands from all walks of life now occupy the site , with the [stays] of emperors , warlords , warriors , samurai , and poets all jostling for space .

In this case , it is the red-brick and gray-stone remains of an arch from the Urakami Catholic Church , at the time the largest church in Asia .
in this case , it is the red-brick and gray-stone [stays] of an arch from the urakami catholic church , at the time the largest church in asia .

However , little evidence remains of that era — some ceramics in the museum , a few fortifications , a network of irrigation ditches .
however , little evidence [stays] of that era — some ceramics in the museum , a few fortifications , a network of irrigation ditches .

The great breathtaking Italian adventure remains the road .
the great breathtaking italian adventure [stays] the road .

The horror has disappeared beneath the moss and what remains is the thrill of the monument ’ s endurance .
the horror has disappeared beneath the moss and what [stays] is the thrill of the monument ’ s endurance .

To the south of it are remains of the Basilica Julia law court and the Rostra orators ’ platform from which Mark Antony informed the people of Caesar ’ s assassination .
to the south of it are [stays] of the basilica julia law court and the rostra orators ’ platform from which mark antony informed the people of caesar ’ s assassination .

This said , Florence remains one of the world ’ s great tourist meccas and boasts a panoply of architecture , history , and artwork in quantities not to be found elsewhere in the world .
this said , florence [stays] one of the world ’ s great tourist meccas and boasts a panoply of architecture , history , and artwork in quantities not to be found elsewhere in the world .

For Florentine-born Dante , they have to be content with a cenotaph , as Ravenna , his burial place , refuses to part with his remains ( he was exiled from Florence for political reasons ) .
for florentine-born dante , they have to be content with a cenotaph , as ravenna , his burial place , refuses to part with his [stays] ( he was exiled from florence for political reasons ) .

Scores of architects worked on the church from the 13th to the 17th centuries ( its central bronze doors were added in 1964 ) , but its glory remains the gleaming façade ( its mosaics were a 17th-century addition ) , with its four slender spired pilasters and its rose-window above the beautifully scrolled porches .
scores of architects worked on the church from the 13th to the 17th centuries ( its central bronze doors were added in 1964 ) , but its glory [stays] the gleaming façade ( its mosaics were a 17th-century addition ) , with its four slender spired pilasters and its rose-window above the beautifully scrolled porches .

Gubbio Some 40 km ( 25 miles ) north of Perugia , this no-nonsense stalwart hill town is not easy to get to , and once you ’ re there it remains hard to navigate — if you don ’ t like climbing steep cobbled streets .
gubbio some 40 km ( 25 miles ) north of perugia , this no-nonsense stalwart hill town is not easy to get to , and once you ’ re there it [stays] hard to navigate — if you don ’ t like climbing steep cobbled streets .

In this new millennium , Venice remains a dreamworld more than ever , its myth more powerful than its harsh reality .
in this new millennium , venice [stays] a dreamworld more than ever , its myth more powerful than its harsh reality .

What began in a.d. 830 as the Doges ’ chapel for the remains of the evangelist Mark , the republic ’ s patron saint , was rebuilt in the 11th century as a grandiose Byzantine-Oriental basilica influenced by the Hagia Sofia in Constantinople .
what began in a.d. 830 as the doges ’ chapel for the [stays] of the evangelist mark , the republic ’ s patron saint , was rebuilt in the 11th century as a grandiose byzantine-oriental basilica influenced by the hagia sofia in constantinople .

Room 20 : Gentile Bellini breathes little life into the grand pageant of his Procession on San Marco ( 1496 ) , but it remains one of the museum ’ s most fascinating “ photographs ” of Renaissance Venice .
room 20 : gentile bellini breathes little life into the grand pageant of his procession on san marco ( 1496 ) , but it [stays] one of the museum ’ s most fascinating “ photographs ” of renaissance venice .

The mosquitoes have gone , but its superb cathedral remains .
the mosquitoes have gone , but its superb cathedral [stays] .

Something of the old spirit remains at the handsome Neo-Classical Caffè Pedrocchi , the activists ’ meeting place on a little square off bustling Piazza Cavour .
something of the old spirit [stays] at the handsome neo-classical caffè pedrocchi , the activists ’ meeting place on a little square off bustling piazza cavour .

Three sarcophagi stand in the cross-shaped chapel , but no one knows if her remains ( she died in 450 ) are in one of them ( her husband and son should fill the others ) .
three sarcophagi stand in the cross-shaped chapel , but no one knows if her [stays] ( she died in 450 ) are in one of them ( her husband and son should fill the others ) .

It stands on a foundation that dates back to the time of St. Ambrose ( 340–397 ) , first bishop of Milan and one of the Church ’ s four founding fathers with Peter , Paul , and Jerome ; his remains are on view in the crypt .
it stands on a foundation that dates back to the time of st. ambrose ( 340–397 ) , first bishop of milan and one of the church ’ s four founding fathers with peter , paul , and jerome ; his [stays] are on view in the crypt .

With 28 km ( 17 miles ) of docks , Italy ’ s biggest port remains the key to the city ’ s identity .
with 28 km ( 17 miles ) of docks , italy ’ s biggest port [stays] the key to the city ’ s identity .

All are in easy reach of Naples ’ museums , the archaeological remains of Pompeii and Herculaneum , the Vesuvius volcano , and farther down the coast , the Greek temples of Paestum .
all are in easy reach of naples ’ museums , the archaeological [stays] of pompeii and herculaneum , the vesuvius volcano , and farther down the coast , the greek temples of paestum .

It was begun in the ninth century , with its massive bronze doors crafted in Constantinople and added in the 11th century , and the façade added in the 13th , when the remains of St. Andrew the Apostle were brought to its crypt from Constantinople .
it was begun in the ninth century , with its massive bronze doors crafted in constantinople and added in the 11th century , and the façade added in the 13th , when the [stays] of st. andrew the apostle were brought to its crypt from constantinople .

Historically the stronghold of merchants and royalty , today it remains the home of commerce and government .
historically the stronghold of merchants and royalty , today it [stays] the home of commerce and government .

In the crypt are interred the remains of Voltaire and Rousseau , Hugo and Zola , assassinated Socialist leader Jean Jaurès , and Louis Braille , the inventor of the alphabet for the blind .
in the crypt are interred the [stays] of voltaire and rousseau , hugo and zola , assassinated socialist leader jean jaurès , and louis braille , the inventor of the alphabet for the blind .

In the crypt are the remains of Napoleon ’ s son , brought to France from Vienna by Hitler in 1940 .
in the crypt are the [stays] of napoleon ’ s son , brought to france from vienna by hitler in 1940 .

Today it remains more stylish than other coastal towns , with plenty to please both adults and children : casinos , sophisticated shops and restaurants , and health spas ; good sailing , windsurfing , sand yachting , riding , golf , and tennis .
today it [stays] more stylish than other coastal towns , with plenty to please both adults and children : casinos , sophisticated shops and restaurants , and health spas ; good sailing , windsurfing , sand yachting , riding , golf , and tennis .

Saint-Omer Prosperous from the textile industry since the Middle Ages , this town survived bombardment in two world wars and remains a bustling center with an impressive main square .
saint-omer prosperous from the textile industry since the middle ages , this town survived bombardment in two world wars and [stays] a bustling center with an impressive main square .

The magnificently proportioned 13th-century Cathédrale Notre-Dame was badly damaged in World War I , but it has been well restored and it remains one of the country ’ s greatest Gothic edifices .
the magnificently proportioned 13th-century cathédrale notre-dame was badly damaged in world war i , but it has been well restored and it [stays] one of the country ’ s greatest gothic edifices .

At the end of the place — in the Grande Rue — a splendid Renaissance doorway is all that remains of the former glory of the old ducal palace .
at the end of the place — in the grande rue — a splendid renaissance doorway is all that [stays] of the former glory of the old ducal palace .

The Barrage Vauban — remains of the fortifications Vauban built for Louis XIV — spans the Ill to the west .
the barrage vauban — [stays] of the fortifications vauban built for louis xiv — spans the ill to the west .

The Porte Saint-André , Porte d ’ Arroux , and Théâtre Romain are some of the Roman remains in the town .
the porte saint-andré , porte d ’ arroux , and théâtre romain are some of the roman [stays] in the town .

It runs westward from the Lieutenance , the 16th-century remains of the royal governor ’ s house at the harbor mouth .
it runs westward from the lieutenance , the 16th-century [stays] of the royal governor ’ s house at the harbor mouth .

Caen Little remains of Caen ’ s historic center , but its good hotels and excellent seafood restaurants make it , with Bayeux , a useful starting-point for visits to the Normandy invasion beaches .
caen little [stays] of caen ’ s historic center , but its good hotels and excellent seafood restaurants make it , with bayeux , a useful starting-point for visits to the normandy invasion beaches .

The remains of William ’ s solid 11th-century castle house an ex­cellent collection of Euro­pean painting in the Musée des Beaux-Arts .
the [stays] of william ’ s solid 11th-century castle house an ex­cellent collection of euro­pean painting in the musée des beaux-arts .

At Arromanches , you can see the most fascinating monument to British ingenuity in the Allied landings — the remains of an artificial harbor .
at arromanches , you can see the most fascinating monument to british ingenuity in the allied landings — the [stays] of an artificial harbor .

Saint-Malo remains an important fishing port , ferry terminal , and yacht harbor .
saint-malo [stays] an important fishing port , ferry terminal , and yacht harbor .

Although a lightning bolt toppled the tower of the church of Lampaul-Guimiliau in 1809 , the church ’ s interior remains impressive .
although a lightning bolt toppled the tower of the church of lampaul-guimiliau in 1809 , the church ’ s interior [stays] impressive .

Although a large part of the château complex is no longer standing , it remains an impressive site .
although a large part of the château complex is no longer standing , it [stays] an impressive site .

Today the slopes are packed in winter and some of the newer resorts lack the charm of the traditional villages , but the scenery remains unbeatable .
today the slopes are packed in winter and some of the newer resorts lack the charm of the traditional villages , but the scenery [stays] unbeatable .

The silk trade played a large role in Lyon ’ s expansion in the 16th century and France ’ s second-largest city remains a prosperous and growing banking , textile , and industrial center with a bouncy pride , a taste for the good life , an important cultural heritage , and a lively contemporary arts scene .
the silk trade played a large role in lyon ’ s expansion in the 16th century and france ’ s second-largest city [stays] a prosperous and growing banking , textile , and industrial center with a bouncy pride , a taste for the good life , an important cultural heritage , and a lively contemporary arts scene .

Less lucky than the one at Orange , the Roman theater ( théâtre antique ) has been reduced to ruins over the centuries , as builders carted away masonry for their houses , churches , and town walls — but the remains , in a pleasant park , are quietly eloquent of its noble past and its stage still rings during the Arles Festival ( July ) .
less lucky than the one at orange , the roman theater ( théâtre antique ) has been reduced to ruins over the centuries , as builders carted away masonry for their houses , churches , and town walls — but the [stays] , in a pleasant park , are quietly eloquent of its noble past and its stage still rings during the arles festival ( july ) .

To the southeast of the town , cut off by a railway track , you ’ ll find the melancholy remains of the Alyscamps , the famous Roman and medieval burial grounds that were a favorite subject of Van Gogh when he came to live in Arles in 1888 .
to the southeast of the town , cut off by a railway track , you ’ ll find the melancholy [stays] of the alyscamps , the famous roman and medieval burial grounds that were a favorite subject of van gogh when he came to live in arles in 1888 .

The ruins you can see there now are the remains of the 11th-century cathedral .
the ruins you can see there now are the [stays] of the 11th-century cathedral .

In addition to a large park you will find the Franciscan Monastère Cimiez ( Place du Monastère ) with an excellent museum of religious art , the Musée Matisse ( 164 Ave. des Arènes de Cimiez ) , and the Musée et Site Archéologique ( 164 Ave. des Arènes de Cimiez ) , next to the remains of Roman baths and amphitheater .
in addition to a large park you will find the franciscan monastère cimiez ( place du monastère ) with an excellent museum of religious art , the musée matisse ( 164 ave. des arènes de cimiez ) , and the musée et site archéologique ( 164 ave. des arènes de cimiez ) , next to the [stays] of roman baths and amphitheater .

In La Turbie , climb up to the remains of a curious 2,000-year-old Roman monument — the towering Trophée des Alpes , erected by Emperor Augustus to commemorate victories over the 44 Gallic tribes named in the inscription on the base .
in la turbie , climb up to the [stays] of a curious 2,000-year-old roman monument — the towering trophée des alpes , erected by emperor augustus to commemorate victories over the 44 gallic tribes named in the inscription on the base .

In and around the lovely valley of the Dordogne , Périgord beckons enticingly , with its rich cuisine , fortified towns , and fascinating cave paintings and other prehistoric remains .
in and around the lovely valley of the dordogne , périgord beckons enticingly , with its rich cuisine , fortified towns , and fascinating cave paintings and other prehistoric [stays] .

A BRIEF HISTORY Though prehistoric remains from the Paleolithic , Neolithic , and Bronze Ages have been unearthed in the Manzanares Valley , prior to Madrid ’ s sudden elevation to capital city in 1561 its history was rather undistinguished .
a brief history though prehistoric [stays] from the paleolithic , neolithic , and bronze ages have been unearthed in the manzanares valley , prior to madrid ’ s sudden elevation to capital city in 1561 its history was rather undistinguished .

If Madrid played any role in these pivotal events , no record of it remains .
if madrid played any role in these pivotal events , no record of it [stays] .

With the exception of ocean liners and picturesque fishing boats , Funchal remains a working port ( handling containerized freight ) and home to a small oil terminal .
with the exception of ocean liners and picturesque fishing boats , funchal [stays] a working port ( handling containerized freight ) and home to a small oil terminal .

Tourism is making inroads , and restaurants have been designed with day-trippers in mind , but the village remains pristine .
tourism is making inroads , and restaurants have been designed with day-trippers in mind , but the village [stays] pristine .

In spite of the introduction of modern technology , however , the valley remains a quiet agricultural community tucked away in some of the island ’ s lushest hills .
in spite of the introduction of modern technology , however , the valley [stays] a quiet agricultural community tucked away in some of the island ’ s lushest hills .

Two palheiros , perfectly painted in red , white , and blue , are the objects of many tourist cameras , while one immediately behind these remains a private home , its owners desperate to keep out gawkers .
two palheiros , perfectly painted in red , white , and blue , are the objects of many tourist cameras , while one immediately behind these [stays] a private home , its owners desperate to keep out gawkers .

Caniçal was once a famous whaling port , but since whaling was banned in these waters in 1981 , all that remains of this formerly lucrative industry is a Museum of Whaling and a few scrimshaw and whalebone souvenirs in a hut by the beach ( more of the same is on sale at the car park at the end of the road heading east ) .
caniçal was once a famous whaling port , but since whaling was banned in these waters in 1981 , all that [stays] of this formerly lucrative industry is a museum of whaling and a few scrimshaw and whalebone souvenirs in a hut by the beach ( more of the same is on sale at the car park at the end of the road heading east ) .

The exotic , walled Old City ( excluding the Jewish Quarter ) is a treasure house preserving 1,300 years of Arabic culture and architectural achievement , and remains the center for the many modern Palestinian neighborhoods of East Jerusalem .
the exotic , walled old city ( excluding the jewish quarter ) is a treasure house preserving 1,300 years of arabic culture and architectural achievement , and [stays] the center for the many modern palestinian neighborhoods of east jerusalem .

In a grand old corner building across from the Atocha train station and seconds from the Reina Sofía contemporary art museum , this inexpensive hotel may have seen better days , but it remains a bargain .
in a grand old corner building across from the atocha train station and seconds from the reina sofía contemporary art museum , this inexpensive hotel may have seen better days , but it [stays] a bargain .

Lanai : This pineapple plantation island has become a tiny hide­away with two splendid resorts and the remains of the historic company town , Lanai City ( see page 80 ) .
lanai : this pineapple plantation island has become a tiny hide­away with two splendid resorts and the [stays] of the historic company town , lanai city ( see page 80 ) .

As a symbol of his crusading spirit , he consecrated Milan ’ s new Flamboyant Gothic cathedral , which took centuries to complete and remains one of the world ’ s largest and most famous Gothic structures .
as a symbol of his crusading spirit , he consecrated milan ’ s new flamboyant gothic cathedral , which took centuries to complete and [stays] one of the world ’ s largest and most famous gothic structures .

Until then , it remains essentially off-limits to the public .
until then , it [stays] essentially off-limits to the public .

The Herodian Quarter Museum , in the remains of six mansions which somehow survived the destruction of a.d. 70 and now lie several feet below the surface of the present city , gives a fascinating insight into life in the city 2,000 years ago .
the herodian quarter museum , in the [stays] of six mansions which somehow survived the destruction of a.d. 70 and now lie several feet below the surface of the present city , gives a fascinating insight into life in the city 2,000 years ago .

The remains of the ancient city , Tel Jericho , are on the northern edge of town .
the [stays] of the ancient city , tel jericho , are on the northern edge of town .

Used as a hunting lodge by the seventh- and eighth-century Muslim Ummayad dynasty , from what little remains , including some excellent mosaics , it is obvious that it must have been palatial .
used as a hunting lodge by the seventh- and eighth-century muslim ummayad dynasty , from what little [stays] , including some excellent mosaics , it is obvious that it must have been palatial .

The most notable remains of the ancient city are the massive Roman aqueduct , the Roman hippodrome , the amphitheatre ( which is now used for classical music concerts ) and a fourth-century synagogue .
the most notable [stays] of the ancient city are the massive roman aqueduct , the roman hippodrome , the amphitheatre ( which is now used for classical music concerts ) and a fourth-century synagogue .

At the heart of the n ew church , however , are the remains of churches from the fourth , fifth , and 12th centuries .
at the heart of the n ew church , however , are the [stays] of churches from the fourth , fifth , and 12th centuries .

Today there is little to see , apart from the remains of Peter ’ s House ( the veracity of which can neither be proved nor disproved ) and a ruined second- to third-century synagogue .
today there is little to see , apart from the [stays] of peter ’ s house ( the veracity of which can neither be proved nor disproved ) and a ruined second- to third-century synagogue .

Hammat Gader Hammat Gader is a good place for those in search of Roman remains , for those who wish to take the waters , and for children .
hammat gader hammat gader is a good place for those in search of roman [stays] , for those who wish to take the waters , and for children .

The upper part , the Park , contains the scant remains of a Crusader castle , from where there are spectacular views on a clear day .
the upper part , the park , contains the scant [stays] of a crusader castle , from where there are spectacular views on a clear day .

The Muslims continued the tradition of worship , substituting the “ green prophet ” Elijah for Pan ; and the Crusaders built a town here , very little of which remains .
the muslims continued the tradition of worship , substituting the “ green prophet ” elijah for pan ; and the crusaders built a town here , very little of which [stays] .

Once on top you can see the ruins of Herod ’ s once-magnificent palace , the ramp that sealed the Zealots ’ fate , and , way down below , the sketchy remains of the Roman siege camps .
once on top you can see the ruins of herod ’ s once-magnificent palace , the ramp that sealed the zealots ’ fate , and , way down below , the sketchy [stays] of the roman siege camps .

In Timna National Park you can see some of the 10,000 old mine shafts found here and the remains of smelting places .
in timna national park you can see some of the 10,000 old mine shafts found here and the [stays] of smelting places .

At the base are the remains of a 14th-century-b.c .
at the base are the [stays] of a 14th-century-b.c .

On the way you ’ ll see the first of the huge Nabatean tombs and the remains of Roman pavements .
on the way you ’ ll see the first of the huge nabatean tombs and the [stays] of roman pavements .

The track continues down through the Lower City , past Roman remains and the ruins of a huge Byzantine church , to the museum .
the track continues down through the lower city , past roman [stays] and the ruins of a huge byzantine church , to the museum .

Though they each very often destroyed the work of their predecessors , the 20th-century city remains a fascinating compendium of India ’ s imperial history .
though they each very often destroyed the work of their predecessors , the 20th-century city [stays] a fascinating compendium of india ’ s imperial history .

Sculptures have been plastered over , but the Indian carving remains .
sculptures have been plastered over , but the indian carving [stays] .

Though the statues of British leaders have also disappeared , the British spirit remains in the city ’ s planning .
though the statues of british leaders have also disappeared , the british spirit [stays] in the city ’ s planning .

Northeast of Delhi , this lovely park of forest and meadows by the Ramganga river in the foothills of the Himalayas remains a home to the tiger , leopard , and elephant , as well as cheetah , sloth bear , wild pig , jackal , and hyena .
northeast of delhi , this lovely park of forest and meadows by the ramganga river in the foothills of the himalayas [stays] a home to the tiger , leopard , and elephant , as well as cheetah , sloth bear , wild pig , jackal , and hyena .

The air here is sweet , cool , and clear , and the pleasure of the quaint and tranquil English village atmosphere remains , along with some lovely walks into the surrounding mountains .
the air here is sweet , cool , and clear , and the pleasure of the quaint and tranquil english village atmosphere [stays] , along with some lovely walks into the surrounding mountains .

It remains the undisputed treasure of the entire subcontinent .
it [stays] the undisputed treasure of the entire subcontinent .

Entering the northwestern side , you can go through seven gateways to see the remains of the Rajput ’ s heroic exploits .
entering the northwestern side , you can go through seven gateways to see the [stays] of the rajput ’ s heroic exploits .

The most interesting of all remains the two-story Cave 32 , known as Indra Sabha , notable for the upper floor ’ s extravagant carving — the hallmark of Jain sculptors — and the great stone elephant , more rigid than Kailasa ’ s ( because of the tougher stone ) , but somehow more noble .
the most interesting of all [stays] the two-story cave 32 , known as indra sabha , notable for the upper floor ’ s extravagant carving — the hallmark of jain sculptors — and the great stone elephant , more rigid than kailasa ’ s ( because of the tougher stone ) , but somehow more noble .

The remains of seven red-brick monasteries dating from the third century b.c .
the [stays] of seven red-brick monasteries dating from the third century b.c .

Since its attractive bricks were carried off to build houses in the town , only a platform of the Main Shrine , which once marked Buddha ’ s dwelling place during his stay at Sarnath , remains .
since its attractive bricks were carried off to build houses in the town , only a platform of the main shrine , which once marked buddha ’ s dwelling place during his stay at sarnath , [stays] .

As you climb over the remains , you ’ ll find they have a decidedly secular air .
as you climb over the [stays] , you ’ ll find they have a decidedly secular air .

Darjeeling is part of West Bengal , but Nepali remains the official language and most residents are of Nepalese and Tibetan origin .
darjeeling is part of west bengal , but nepali [stays] the official language and most residents are of nepalese and tibetan origin .

On the excavation site , you will see remains of dormitories in addition to the refectory , kitchens , baths , lecture halls , libraries , and temples .
on the excavation site , you will see [stays] of dormitories in addition to the refectory , kitchens , baths , lecture halls , libraries , and temples .

Mysore remains a pleasant , airy city , famous for its sandalwood and frangipani , jasmine , and musk .
mysore [stays] a pleasant , airy city , famous for its sandalwood and frangipani , jasmine , and musk .

With a domed sikhara on each shrine , the temple ’ s overall effect remains “ horizontal ” in the style of the Hoysala kingdom , emphasized by the layers of narrow , parallel carved friezes running around the walls .
with a domed sikhara on each shrine , the temple ’ s overall effect [stays] “ horizontal ” in the style of the hoysala kingdom , emphasized by the layers of narrow , parallel carved friezes running around the walls .

The great navigator ’ s remains were returned to Portugal in 1538 but his tombstone can still be seen on the south side of the church , set in the floor with a brass rail .
the great navigator ’ s [stays] were returned to portugal in 1538 but his tombstone can still be seen on the south side of the church , set in the floor with a brass rail .

Sturdy forts protected the mountain passes , and though the remains of a bathhouse at Ravenglass suggest that creature comforts weren ’ t entirely lacking , life for the average Roman soldier was fairly harsh .
sturdy forts protected the mountain passes , and though the [stays] of a bathhouse at ravenglass suggest that creature comforts weren ’ t entirely lacking , life for the average roman soldier was fairly harsh .

All of these efforts are aimed at balancing the needs of the land , the farmers , and the visitors , ensuring that the Lake District remains a beautiful , natural place with many secrets to be discovered .
all of these efforts are aimed at balancing the needs of the land , the farmers , and the visitors , ensuring that the lake district [stays] a beautiful , natural place with many secrets to be discovered .

Some claim that the archipelago is what remains of Plato ’ s lost Atlantis , or part of a landmass that once fused the continents of Europe and America .
some claim that the archipelago is what [stays] of plato ’ s lost atlantis , or part of a landmass that once fused the continents of europe and america .

Though big and crowded , the resort remains pretty low-key , a good option for families with restless children .
though big and crowded , the resort [stays] pretty low-key , a good option for families with restless children .

Occupied by the British in the 18th century , Menorca remains hugely popular with English package tourists , retirees , and vacation homeowners .
occupied by the british in the 18th century , menorca [stays] hugely popular with english package tourists , retirees , and vacation homeowners .

Maó Maó is the business and administrative capital of Menorca , but it remains , above all , a port .
maó maó is the business and administrative capital of menorca , but it [stays] , above all , a port .

For greater authenticity , head back to the Maó-Fornells road and onto Fornells , which remains a real fishing village .
for greater authenticity , head back to the maó-fornells road and onto fornells , which [stays] a real fishing village .

Chinatown itself remains a hive of bustling activity , standing cheek by jowl with a Little India of pungent spice shops and ornate Hindu temples .
chinatown itself [stays] a hive of bustling activity , standing cheek by jowl with a little india of pungent spice shops and ornate hindu temples .

Just beyond the city now are several theme parks built out of the remains of the gorges created from tin mining .
just beyond the city now are several theme parks built out of the [stays] of the gorges created from tin mining .

Today , even as the high-rise makes its present felt , the colonial past remains in the architecture and monuments .
today , even as the high-rise makes its present felt , the colonial past [stays] in the architecture and monuments .

The archway and gate of the A Formosa fortress , the remains of the 16th-century Portuguese fort next to Stadthuys , is all that stands , saved from total destruction by Sir Stamford Raffles , then a government secretary in Penang .
the archway and gate of the a formosa fortress , the [stays] of the 16th-century portuguese fort next to stadthuys , is all that stands , saved from total destruction by sir stamford raffles , then a government secretary in penang .

The gate steps lead to the remains of St. Paul ’ s Church , built by a Portuguese sailor , Duarte Coelho , in 1521 and origi nally known as the Church of Our Lady of the Annunciation .
the gate steps lead to the [stays] of st. paul ’ s church , built by a portuguese sailor , duarte coelho , in 1521 and origi nally known as the church of our lady of the annunciation .

In the church , a stone slab marks his tomb , empty since his remains were transported to Goa in India .
in the church , a stone slab marks his tomb , empty since his [stays] were transported to goa in india .

The building is being restored , but its future purpose remains undecided .
the building is being restored , but its future purpose [stays] undecided .

Archeologists are still uncovering remains on the southern slopes of Gunung Jerai ( Kedah Peak ) .
archeologists are still uncovering [stays] on the southern slopes of gunung jerai ( kedah peak ) .

At the nearby port of Kuala Kedah , also a departure point for ferries to Langkawi , you can see the remains of an 18th-century fort and sample some of the best seafood in northern Malaysia , especially crab .
at the nearby port of kuala kedah , also a departure point for ferries to langkawi , you can see the [stays] of an 18th-century fort and sample some of the best seafood in northern malaysia , especially crab .

The temple , also known as the Siew San Teng Temple , was built in 1876 and is the oldest in Kuching ; it remains an active place of worship .
the temple , also known as the siew san teng temple , was built in 1876 and is the oldest in kuching ; it [stays] an active place of worship .

Today the remains of all three fortifications comprise Ferry Point Park , where it is possible to explore the forts at your leisure , walk through woodland , and enjoy the beauties of Lover ’ s Lake .
today the [stays] of all three fortifications comprise ferry point park , where it is possible to explore the forts at your leisure , walk through woodland , and enjoy the beauties of lover ’ s lake .

The local Masonic lodge negotiated with the Assembly to use the building , with a rent of one peppercorn per year , a price that remains in force to this day .
the local masonic lodge negotiated with the assembly to use the building , with a rent of one peppercorn per year , a price that [stays] in force to this day .

In a.d. 106 Aquincum was made the capital of the Roman empire ’ s province of Lower Pannonia , and its amphitheatres , bathing complexes , aqueducts , and the sheer size and quality of the remains unearthed in present-day Obuda testify to its former importance .
in a.d. 106 aquincum was made the capital of the roman empire ’ s province of lower pannonia , and its amphitheatres , bathing complexes , aqueducts , and the sheer size and quality of the [stays] unearthed in present-day obuda testify to its former importance .

The bold approach of shamelessly merging ancient and modern has integrated the 1977 Hilton Hotel with the remains of a 17th-century Jesuit college and the tower of the district ’ s oldest church , dating from the 13th century .
the bold approach of shamelessly merging ancient and modern has integrated the 1977 hilton hotel with the [stays] of a 17th-century jesuit college and the tower of the district ’ s oldest church , dating from the 13th century .

It belongs to the Church of Mary Magdalene , reduced to knee-high remains ( by the Allies ) in the last days of World War II .
it belongs to the church of mary magdalene , reduced to knee-high [stays] ( by the allies ) in the last days of world war ii .

Amid this unlikely setting , however , there are some major Roman remains to be discovered .
amid this unlikely setting , however , there are some major roman [stays] to be discovered .

It ’ s effectively a grassy piece of parkland where locals play and walk their dogs , but enough remains of the amphitheatre walls and outline to give a good idea of what it was once like .
it ’ s effectively a grassy piece of parkland where locals play and walk their dogs , but enough [stays] of the amphitheatre walls and outline to give a good idea of what it was once like .

Keep your eyes on the highway central reservation shortly before the Aquincum stop , and you will see the remains of a Roman aqueduct .
keep your eyes on the highway central reservation shortly before the aquincum stop , and you will see the [stays] of a roman aqueduct .

Next to the church is all that remains of Contra-Aquincum — an excavated square with benches and a small display of tablets and reliefs found on the site .
next to the church is all that [stays] of contra-aquincum — an excavated square with benches and a small display of tablets and reliefs found on the site .

On display are prehistoric remains and ancient jewels and tools , but there ’ s no doubt as to which is the main point of interest : just follow the crowd to the hushed room where the royal regalia resides .
on display are prehistoric [stays] and ancient jewels and tools , but there ’ s no doubt as to which is the main point of interest : just follow the crowd to the hushed room where the royal regalia resides .

It has , over the centuries , changed in name from Ferenc to József , to Erzsébet , to Teréz , and ﬁnally to Szent István ; yet its character remains consistent — big and bustling .
it has , over the centuries , changed in name from ferenc to józsef , to erzsébet , to teréz , and ﬁnally to szent istván ; yet its character [stays] consistent — big and bustling .

On your approach to Szentendre , don ’ t be put off by the modern suburbs — the heart of the town remains virtually locked in the 18th century .
on your approach to szentendre , don ’ t be put off by the modern suburbs — the heart of the town [stays] virtually locked in the 18th century .

Alongside the basilica , the remains of a medieval royal palace have been excavated and restored , and today house the Castle Museum .
alongside the basilica , the [stays] of a medieval royal palace have been excavated and restored , and today house the castle museum .

This museum features regional folk items and art , three small rooms where Hungary ’ s last king , Károly IV , lived for ﬁve days in 1921 , and , in the basement , an atmospheric lapidarium containing Roman remains .
this museum features regional folk items and art , three small rooms where hungary ’ s last king , károly iv , lived for ﬁve days in 1921 , and , in the basement , an atmospheric lapidarium containing roman [stays] .

The moody remains of a 13th-century castle offer ﬁne views of the village and lake .
the moody [stays] of a 13th-century castle offer ﬁne views of the village and lake .

Archaeologists dredging the Sacred Cenote of Chichén Itzá have recovered dozens of human skeletons , thought to be the remains of victims sacrificed to the rain god .
archaeologists dredging the sacred cenote of chichén itzá have recovered dozens of human skeletons , thought to be the [stays] of victims sacrificed to the rain god .

At 4,200 ft ( 1,280 m ) , it was the world ’ s longest single span until New York ’ s Verrazano Narrows Bridge surpassed it in 1964 , but few would deny that it remains the most beautiful suspension bridge in the world .
at 4,200 ft ( 1,280 m ) , it was the world ’ s longest single span until new york ’ s verrazano narrows bridge surpassed it in 1964 , but few would deny that it [stays] the most beautiful suspension bridge in the world .

At the eastern end there ’ s a wonderful children ’ s playground , and the Conservatory of Flowers , a Victorian glasshouse from Britain that remains in disrepair after a particularly violent storm a few years ago .
at the eastern end there ’ s a wonderful children ’ s playground , and the conservatory of flowers , a victorian glasshouse from britain that [stays] in disrepair after a particularly violent storm a few years ago .

From viewing stations , visitors may observe the excavation of fossilized remains .
from viewing stations , visitors may observe the excavation of fossilized [stays] .

You can explore the remains of the Keane Wonder Mine on the east side of the valley and the ghost town of Skidoo in the west , where $ 3 million worth of gold was dug out of the ground over a period of two years .
you can explore the [stays] of the keane wonder mine on the east side of the valley and the ghost town of skidoo in the west , where $ 3 million worth of gold was dug out of the ground over a period of two years .

What makes this place overwhelmingly attractive is its total lack of pretense and completely comfortable ambiance — it remains down-to-earth , genuinely casual , and simply irresistible .
what makes this place overwhelmingly attractive is its total lack of pretense and completely comfortable ambiance — it [stays] down-to-earth , genuinely casual , and simply irresistible .

Acapulco remains Mexico ’ s most traditional resort for those looking for a beach , yet also want to feel as if they ’ ve been to Mexico .
acapulco [stays] mexico ’ s most traditional resort for those looking for a beach , yet also want to feel as if they ’ ve been to mexico .

Where other resorts in Mexico have been accused of being homogenized to meet the tastes of North American travelers , Acapulco remains true to her essence , from the cacophony of families filling colorful , public sands , to the classically late nights in glitzy clubs .
where other resorts in mexico have been accused of being homogenized to meet the tastes of north american travelers , acapulco [stays] true to her essence , from the cacophony of families filling colorful , public sands , to the classically late nights in glitzy clubs .

However , the water remains less pristine than in resorts to the north and south , and most visitors — wisely — prefer to swim in hotel pools .
however , the water [stays] less pristine than in resorts to the north and south , and most visitors — wisely — prefer to swim in hotel pools .

The home remains a private residence and not a museum ; however there are additional murals by Rivera inside .
the home [stays] a private residence and not a museum ; however there are additional murals by rivera inside .

Though the mines have mostly been tapped out , Taxco ’ s reputation as the Silver City of Mexico remains , due to the skilled workmanship and artistry of local silversmiths in creating silver jewelry and other artifacts .
though the mines have mostly been tapped out , taxco ’ s reputation as the silver city of mexico [stays] , due to the skilled workmanship and artistry of local silversmiths in creating silver jewelry and other artifacts .

The area beyond Cartagena remains largely uncrowded ; people are rare on this stretch of coast , so if you ’ re not looking for companionship this is the place to enjoy a solitude disturbed only by the crash of waves on the shore .
the area beyond cartagena [stays] largely uncrowded ; people are rare on this stretch of coast , so if you ’ re not looking for companionship this is the place to enjoy a solitude disturbed only by the crash of waves on the shore .

This quarter is all that remains of the Villa Vieja , or old town .
this quarter is all that [stays] of the villa vieja , or old town .

La Vila , as Villajoyosa is affectionately called , boasts some Roman , Moorish , and Visigothic remains , and Spain ’ s oldest chocolate factories .
la vila , as villajoyosa is affectionately called , boasts some roman , moorish , and visigothic [stays] , and spain ’ s oldest chocolate factories .

Today ’ s growing industrial town , a centre of wood , plastics , and toy making , takes its name from a Roman temple to Diana , the remains of which are on view in the Ayuntamiento .
today ’ s growing industrial town , a centre of wood , plastics , and toy making , takes its name from a roman temple to diana , the [stays] of which are on view in the ayuntamiento .

There are many historic buildings to see in Orihuela ; the town remains much as it was centuries ago , despite an earthquake in 1829 and present-day industrialization .
there are many historic buildings to see in orihuela ; the town [stays] much as it was centuries ago , despite an earthquake in 1829 and present-day industrialization .

It soon became the focus for state occasions , such as the return of the ex-emperor ’ s own remains from St. Helena in 1840 and the funeral of Victor Hugo in 1885 .
it soon became the focus for state occasions , such as the return of the ex-emperor ’ s own [stays] from st. helena in 1840 and the funeral of victor hugo in 1885 .

No trace remains of the prison stormed in 1789 ; even the column in the center commemorates a later revolution , that of 1830 .
no trace [stays] of the prison stormed in 1789 ; even the column in the center commemorates a later revolution , that of 1830 .

A block to the east , signs to Arènes de Lutèce lead you to a little park , site of a Roman amphitheater , restored after its remains were found during the 19th century .
a block to the east , signs to arènes de lutèce lead you to a little park , site of a roman amphitheater , restored after its [stays] were found during the 19th century .

Then the Invalides came to symbolize the glory of Napoléon himself , when his remains were finally brought back from St. Helena in 1840 for burial in the chapel under the golden Dôme .
then the invalides came to symbolize the glory of napoléon himself , when his [stays] were finally brought back from st. helena in 1840 for burial in the chapel under the golden dôme .

His son , who died in Vienna , is buried in the crypt , his remains transferred here by Adolf Hitler in 1940 .
his son , who died in vienna , is buried in the crypt , his [stays] transferred here by adolf hitler in 1940 .

What remains for most people the ultimate monument was a resounding success right from the start .
what [stays] for most people the ultimate monument was a resounding success right from the start .

The wonderful setting alone is worth the visit : an old abbey incorporating the massive remains of the city ’ s third-century Roman baths , the Thermes de Cluny .
the wonderful setting alone is worth the visit : an old abbey incorporating the massive [stays] of the city ’ s third-century roman baths , the thermes de cluny .

The ornate tombs are still carefully attended and hold the remains of some of Puerto Rico ’ s most illustrious families .
the ornate tombs are still carefully attended and hold the [stays] of some of puerto rico ’ s most illustrious families .

The square now remains eerily quiet ( unless a school group is touring the museum ) .
the square now [stays] eerily quiet ( unless a school group is touring the museum ) .

On the northern wall is the tomb of Ponce de León ; he shares this place of honor with San Pío , a Catholic martyr whose remains were brought from Rome in 1862 .
on the northern wall is the tomb of ponce de león ; he shares this place of honor with san pío , a catholic martyr whose [stays] were brought from rome in 1862 .

One striking feature of all karst landscapes is that the erosion of the limestone layers by rainwater creates cave systems , where weaker rock is worn away from under stronger rock that remains intact .
one striking feature of all karst landscapes is that the erosion of the limestone layers by rainwater creates cave systems , where weaker rock is worn away from under stronger rock that [stays] intact .

The remains of Blackbeard ’ s Castle — said to be the home of the famous pirate , whose real name was Edward Teach — can also be seen here .
the [stays] of blackbeard ’ s castle — said to be the home of the famous pirate , whose real name was edward teach — can also be seen here .

The remains of many ancient sites lie just off the coastline .
the [stays] of many ancient sites lie just off the coastline .

At Eloúnda you can explore the remains of Ólous , and Mátala has a port and harbor pier .
at eloúnda you can explore the [stays] of ólous , and mátala has a port and harbor pier .

Julius Caesar founded many cities , including Ebora ( Évora ) , where the remains of a Roman temple survive ( see page 90 ) , and Pax Julia ( Beja ) .
julius caesar founded many cities , including ebora ( évora ) , where the [stays] of a roman temple survive ( see page 90 ) , and pax julia ( beja ) .

Even with the end of Communism and inflation , Poland remains considerably cheaper than Western European destinations .
even with the end of communism and inflation , poland [stays] considerably cheaper than western european destinations .

Today it operates very much as it did during the Golden Age with banking , trade , and modern ” pilgrims ” ( in the form of tourists ) to ensure that it remains a wealthy city .
today it operates very much as it did during the golden age with banking , trade , and modern ” pilgrims ” ( in the form of tourists ) to ensure that it [stays] a wealthy city .

Traffic , however , remains Kuta ’ s nightmare .
traffic , however , [stays] kuta ’ s nightmare .

The Dutch burned the palace here in 1906 , so the heart of the old town is gone , but Tabanan remains a center for music and dance .
the dutch burned the palace here in 1906 , so the heart of the old town is gone , but tabanan [stays] a center for music and dance .

All that remains today of the royal compound is the 1744 Mayura Water Palace , the former meeting hall and court of justice standing in the middle of a lake and reached by a causeway guarded by old cannons .
all that [stays] today of the royal compound is the 1744 mayura water palace , the former meeting hall and court of justice standing in the middle of a lake and reached by a causeway guarded by old cannons .

Just 40 minutes away from Tenerife , La Gomera nevertheless remains unspoiled and authentic , with its steep , green , terraced hills and tranquil valleys .
just 40 minutes away from tenerife , la gomera nevertheless [stays] unspoiled and authentic , with its steep , green , terraced hills and tranquil valleys .

Over the years headstones have been moved to accommodate newcomers and the lawnmower , so they may not mark accurately where the remains lie ; furthermore , a couple of dozen bodies may be interred under each stone given that 2,300 bodies are buried here .
over the years headstones have been moved to accommodate newcomers and the lawnmower , so they may not mark accurately where the [stays] lie ; furthermore , a couple of dozen bodies may be interred under each stone given that 2,300 bodies are buried here .

The remains of a Mayan temple can be seen here , along with a lighthouse that guides sailors safely to port to this day .
the [stays] of a mayan temple can be seen here , along with a lighthouse that guides sailors safely to port to this day .

The remains of San Gervasio are located several kilometers from the site entrance , and though not on the scale of the major Mayan settlements of the mainland , the beautiful tropical park environment makes the ruins worth exploring .
the [stays] of san gervasio are located several kilometers from the site entrance , and though not on the scale of the major mayan settlements of the mainland , the beautiful tropical park environment makes the ruins worth exploring .

One is El Osario ( Ossuary Structure ) , where the remains of several Maya were found .
one is el osario ( ossuary structure ) , where the [stays] of several maya were found .

The remains of several temples can be found in the park grounds .
the [stays] of several temples can be found in the park grounds .

The majority of the remains form an archaeological site on the inland side of the main highway ; Xel-Ha Park sits on the seaward side .
the majority of the [stays] form an archaeological site on the inland side of the main highway ; xel-ha park sits on the seaward side .

North of Valladolid on route 295 are the remains of the Mayan city of Ekbalám , one of the most recent sites to benefit from major archaeological attention .
north of valladolid on route 295 are the [stays] of the mayan city of ekbalám , one of the most recent sites to benefit from major archaeological attention .

Three hours of traveling will bring you to the small town of Pisté and the remains of one of the most famous Mayan sites .
three hours of traveling will bring you to the small town of pisté and the [stays] of one of the most famous mayan sites .

Reached through a colonnaded walkway abutting the Temple of the Warriors is what modern archaeologists have named the Mercado or Market , with the remains of steam baths and a number of ball courts .
reached through a colonnaded walkway abutting the temple of the warriors is what modern archaeologists have named the mercado or market , with the [stays] of steam baths and a number of ball courts .

Beyond this are remains to the south and west — Old Chichén .
beyond this are [stays] to the south and west — old chichén .

You can take a calesa ride through the streets and visit the remains of Mayan structures , including Kinichkakmo ( “ the face of the maker of the sun ” ) , which is the largest pyramid in the region , though few have been excavated .
you can take a calesa ride through the streets and visit the [stays] of mayan structures , including kinichkakmo ( “ the face of the maker of the sun ” ) , which is the largest pyramid in the region , though few have been excavated .

Construction of many of these buildings used stones from the Mayan city of T ’ Ho , so , alas , nothing remains of this site .
construction of many of these buildings used stones from the mayan city of t ’ ho , so , alas , nothing [stays] of this site .

Though the arch remains , two ornate walls at either side of it have collapsed during the 20th century .
though the arch [stays] , two ornate walls at either side of it have collapsed during the 20th century .

Beyond this is the main gate with three archways ; the middle arch was used only once in each reign — for the delivery of the emperor ’ s remains to his tomb .
beyond this is the main gate with three archways ; the middle arch was used only once in each reign — for the delivery of the emperor ’ s [stays] to his tomb .

Even in the heat of summer , however , the most popular dish remains the Sichuan hotpot , a bowl of seething oils into which the diner dips and boils to perfection a selection of meats , vegetables , and beancurd , much like fighting fire with fire .
even in the heat of summer , however , the most popular dish [stays] the sichuan hotpot , a bowl of seething oils into which the diner dips and boils to perfection a selection of meats , vegetables , and beancurd , much like fighting fire with fire .

The trees that inspired the 11th-century poet and calligrapher Su Dongpo to name the temple have died , but the often-restored complex remains a focus of local Buddhist activities .
the trees that inspired the 11th-century poet and calligrapher su dongpo to name the temple have died , but the often-restored complex [stays] a focus of local buddhist activities .

It remains one of China ’ s more Christian cities .
it [stays] one of china ’ s more christian cities .

Today , Shaolin has a number of interesting relics and remains .
today , shaolin has a number of interesting relics and [stays] .

Stupas ( or dagobas ) are small sealed pagodas that hold holy relics and remains of important monks .
stupas ( or dagobas ) are small sealed pagodas that hold holy relics and [stays] of important monks .

Visitors today usually hire a Uighur donkey cart for a tour of the earthen remains .
visitors today usually hire a uighur donkey cart for a tour of the earthen [stays] .

Gigantic stone sculptures of animals , birds , generals , and ( now headless ) ambassadors line the Royal Way to this tomb , but its entrance remains sealed .
gigantic stone sculptures of animals , birds , generals , and ( now headless ) ambassadors line the royal way to this tomb , but its entrance [stays] sealed .

Built between 1891–1895 to honor Wilhelm I , the remains of this Neo-Romanesque church constitute a memorial hall to celebrate the Hohenzollerns ’ pious monarchism .
built between 1891–1895 to honor wilhelm i , the [stays] of this neo-romanesque church constitute a memorial hall to celebrate the hohenzollerns ’ pious monarchism .

A fascinating contrast to the futuristic architecture and technological content can be found in the elegant remains of the old Grandhotel Esplanade , now preserved behind glass walls .
a fascinating contrast to the futuristic architecture and technological content can be found in the elegant [stays] of the old grandhotel esplanade , now preserved behind glass walls .

With a history longer than Berlin ’ s , Spandau , northwest of Berlin , still remains fiercely independent-minded , and was the most reluctant of the townships to be annexed by the metropolis in 1920 .
with a history longer than berlin ’ s , spandau , northwest of berlin , still [stays] fiercely independent-minded , and was the most reluctant of the townships to be annexed by the metropolis in 1920 .

The remains of the temples of the Acropolis are recognized worldwide and hundreds of statues , along with ordinary household pottery , jewelry , and tools hold a fascination for anyone who enjoys exploring the past .
the [stays] of the temples of the acropolis are recognized worldwide and hundreds of statues , along with ordinary household pottery , jewelry , and tools hold a fascination for anyone who enjoys exploring the past .

The city offers some of the most fascinating and alluring archaeological remains in the world , yet those who visit in the 21st century find that the modern city works hard to live up to the past .
the city offers some of the most fascinating and alluring archaeological [stays] in the world , yet those who visit in the 21st century find that the modern city works hard to live up to the past .

Due to a massive earthquake that obliterated much of the ancient city , most of the architecture that remains is from the 18th century .
due to a massive earthquake that obliterated much of the ancient city , most of the architecture that [stays] is from the 18th century .

The church remains deliberately preserved as an atmospheric ruin .
the church [stays] deliberately preserved as an atmospheric ruin .

The municipal park down the road holds the Museu dos Condes de Castro Guimarães , a museum with archaeological remains , art works , old furniture , gold , and silver .
the municipal park down the road holds the museu dos condes de castro guimarães , a museum with archaeological [stays] , art works , old furniture , gold , and silver .

Built to celebrate a victory , the 1147 battle in which Dom Afonso Henriques took over the town of Santarém from the Moors , the church remains the largest in Portugal .
built to celebrate a victory , the 1147 battle in which dom afonso henriques took over the town of santarém from the moors , the church [stays] the largest in portugal .

In the center of the Capela do Fundador ( Founder ’ s Chapel ) , a tomb contains the remains of João and his queen , Philippa of Lancaster ; their effigies lie side by side , hand in hand .
in the center of the capela do fundador ( founder ’ s chapel ) , a tomb contains the [stays] of joão and his queen , philippa of lancaster ; their effigies lie side by side , hand in hand .

Renaissance detail has been added around the portals , but the interior remains fairly stark .
renaissance detail has been added around the portals , but the interior [stays] fairly stark .

In the 18th century , an attempt was made to improve its plodding appearance with some baroque additions , but the church remains rather lifeless .
in the 18th century , an attempt was made to improve its plodding appearance with some baroque additions , but the church [stays] rather lifeless .

The church of Santa Clara , a bit east of the cathedral on Largo 1 de Dezembro , remains a bit of a secret and a little difficult to find .
the church of santa clara , a bit east of the cathedral on largo 1 de dezembro , [stays] a bit of a secret and a little difficult to find .

Though the railways took over for transport from Pinhão ( at the confluence of the Douro and Pinhão rivers ) , and today the wine goes mostly by road , Régua remains an important transportation and commercial hub .
though the railways took over for transport from pinhão ( at the confluence of the douro and pinhão rivers ) , and today the wine goes mostly by road , régua [stays] an important transportation and commercial hub .

The headquarters of port winemakers , Casa do Douro , remains in Régua ( visitors can pick up a map of the Port Wine Route there ) .
the headquarters of port winemakers , casa do douro , [stays] in régua ( visitors can pick up a map of the port wine route there ) .

Inhabited by Celt-Iberians from around the 4th century bc to the 4th century ad , the entire hillside is covered with the remains of the best-preserved citânia ( Celtic hill settlement ) in Portugal .
inhabited by celt-iberians from around the 4th century bc to the 4th century ad , the entire hillside is covered with the [stays] of the best-preserved citânia ( celtic hill settlement ) in portugal .

The cold , dark and austere 16th-century Sé ( cathedral ) remains .
the cold , dark and austere 16th-century sé ( cathedral ) [stays] .

There are several other churches and houses of interest , as well as the old university , but beyond its admirable register of historical monuments , Évora remains a thoroughly charming small city to stroll and take in at a leisurely pace .
there are several other churches and houses of interest , as well as the old university , but beyond its admirable register of historical monuments , évora [stays] a thoroughly charming small city to stroll and take in at a leisurely pace .

Even so , it is worth visiting the remains of the Roman fishing village of Cetobriga .
even so , it is worth visiting the [stays] of the roman fishing village of cetobriga .

A couple of kilometers ( one mile ) west of Sagres are the more authentic remains of another fortress , Fortaleza do Beliche .
a couple of kilometers ( one mile ) west of sagres are the more authentic [stays] of another fortress , fortaleza do beliche .

Rooms display sacred art , archaeological remains , the original charter of Lagos , holy vestments , and a bizarre collection of creatures , like a science experiment gone bad : an eight-legged goat kid preserved in formaldehyde , a one-eyed sheep , a cat with two faces .
rooms display sacred art , archaeological [stays] , the original charter of lagos , holy vestments , and a bizarre collection of creatures , like a science experiment gone bad : an eight-legged goat kid preserved in formaldehyde , a one-eyed sheep , a cat with two faces .

The long , 2-km ( 1-mile ) golden beach remains the main attraction .
the long , 2-km ( 1-mile ) golden beach [stays] the main attraction .

Silves is now just a dusty backwater , but the glorious setting remains .
silves is now just a dusty backwater , but the glorious setting [stays] .

The original village of Carvoeiro is now fairly commercialized , but to many people it remains one of the coast ’ s most attractive resorts .
the original village of carvoeiro is now fairly commercialized , but to many people it [stays] one of the coast ’ s most attractive resorts .

The earliest human remains found on Crete date back to the seventh millennium b.c .
the earliest human [stays] found on crete date back to the seventh millennium b.c .

The remains visible today are their replacements , even bigger and more splendid than the originals .
the [stays] visible today are their replacements , even bigger and more splendid than the originals .

The exact cause remains unknown , but all the palaces were destroyed at the same time .
the exact cause [stays] unknown , but all the palaces were destroyed at the same time .

The charred remains at Knossós and ash at Zákros suggest a great conflagration .
the charred [stays] at knossós and ash at zákros suggest a great conflagration .

Buses are a possibility for the occasional excursion , but a car remains essential for independent mobility .
buses are a possibility for the occasional excursion , but a car [stays] essential for independent mobility .

The government machinery remains firmly in touch with its roots when in winter the bureaucrats skate and ski to work along the frozen Rideau Canal .
the government machinery [stays] firmly in touch with its roots when in winter the bureaucrats skate and ski to work along the frozen rideau canal .

Second in population now to Toronto , it remains a sprawling city of cosmopolitan neighborhoods , each a delight to stroll around but best reached by taxi , bus , or the excellent Métro , where the trains whoosh along on rubber tires .
second in population now to toronto , it [stays] a sprawling city of cosmopolitan neighborhoods , each a delight to stroll around but best reached by taxi , bus , or the excellent métro , where the trains whoosh along on rubber tires .

Once a fruit and vegetable market , the cobblestone square remains a favorite venue for flower-vendors and itinerant artists .
once a fruit and vegetable market , the cobblestone square [stays] a favorite venue for flower-vendors and itinerant artists .

Whereas Montréal has become increasingly “ Americanized , ” the provincial capital remains unmistakably , even defiantly Québécois , if not downright “ French. ” It ’ s difficult to miss , in this proud cradle of New France , that the town is borrowing a leaf from the book of the modern French republic by calling its provincial parliament the Assemblée Nationale .
whereas montréal has become increasingly “ americanized , ” the provincial capital [stays] unmistakably , even defiantly québécois , if not downright “ french. ” it ’ s difficult to miss , in this proud cradle of new france , that the town is borrowing a leaf from the book of the modern french republic by calling its provincial parliament the assemblée nationale .

Montcalm was buried here after the battle , but only his skull remains , in a museum otherwise devoted to the convent ’ s first mother superior , who compiled the first dictionary of the Iroquois and Algonquin languages .
montcalm was buried here after the battle , but only his skull [stays] , in a museum otherwise devoted to the convent ’ s first mother superior , who compiled the first dictionary of the iroquois and algonquin languages .

This fashionable resort town was founded in 1759 by Massachusetts fishermen and remains a favorite vacation spot for New Englanders .
this fashionable resort town was founded in 1759 by massachusetts fishermen and [stays] a favorite vacation spot for new englanders .

Fort Anne National Historic Site , focus for the belligerence , is now a pleasant park of grassy knolls and ridges , remains of the earthwork defenses .
fort anne national historic site , focus for the belligerence , is now a pleasant park of grassy knolls and ridges , [stays] of the earthwork defenses .

It ’ s a busy port , a commercial and tourist center , but remains resolutely old-fashioned .
it ’ s a busy port , a commercial and tourist center , but [stays] resolutely old-fashioned .

Much to the joy of sports fishermen , the salmon of the Pacific coast and the great rivers of the interior remains another vital natural resource .
much to the joy of sports fishermen , the salmon of the pacific coast and the great rivers of the interior [stays] another vital natural resource .

The enthusiasm is dampened occasionally by downturns in world oil prices , but the atmosphere remains decidedly cheerful .
the enthusiasm is dampened occasionally by downturns in world oil prices , but the atmosphere [stays] decidedly cheerful .

After the grand opening parade of baton-twirling majorettes , cowboys , costumed Indians , champion steers , and smiling stars of the chamber of commerce , the great attraction remains the rodeo .
after the grand opening parade of baton-twirling majorettes , cowboys , costumed indians , champion steers , and smiling stars of the chamber of commerce , the great attraction [stays] the rodeo .

The area around this old coalmining town is famous for the prehistoric fossils and remarkably complete remains of dinosaurs whose stamping grounds were the Badlands of the Red Deer River Valley .
the area around this old coalmining town is famous for the prehistoric fossils and remarkably complete [stays] of dinosaurs whose stamping grounds were the badlands of the red deer river valley .

After less than a year , Somers and his group had built new ships from local cedar and timber salvaged from the remains of the Sea Venture .
after less than a year , somers and his group had built new ships from local cedar and timber salvaged from the [stays] of the sea venture .

The Cloisters are the remains of a 14th-century monastery that was bought in France by Huntingdon Hartford , taken apart , and rebuilt in the grounds of his home , now the Ocean Club hotel .
the cloisters are the [stays] of a 14th-century monastery that was bought in france by huntingdon hartford , taken apart , and rebuilt in the grounds of his home , now the ocean club hotel .

Remains of several Lucayan Indians that were found at the cave entrance are now being studied in Nassau .
[stays] of several lucayan indians that were found at the cave entrance are now being studied in nassau .

Farther west , at Deadman ’ s Reef , are the remains of an ancient Lucayan settlement discovered in 1996 .
farther west , at deadman ’ s reef , are the [stays] of an ancient lucayan settlement discovered in 1996 .

Ancient remains are scattered across the central downtown area and Athens has grown almost organically throughout its history , resulting in numerous districts , each with its own particular character .
ancient [stays] are scattered across the central downtown area and athens has grown almost organically throughout its history , resulting in numerous districts , each with its own particular character .

Today the area is still replete with Greek and Roman remains , though these are interspersed with later buildings — a fascinating mixture of Neo-Classical mansions and terraced cottages dating back to Ottoman times .
today the area is still replete with greek and roman [stays] , though these are interspersed with later buildings — a fascinating mixture of neo-classical mansions and terraced cottages dating back to ottoman times .

Following Greek independence , a zealous restoration project saw the removal of all medieval and Ottoman structures on the plateau , and harkened the beginning of archaeological study of the ancient remains .
following greek independence , a zealous restoration project saw the removal of all medieval and ottoman structures on the plateau , and harkened the beginning of archaeological study of the ancient [stays] .

The temple , built on the remains of an older Mycenaean wall , offers excellent views across the surrounding landscape , and this location was prized by the Ottomans , who tore down the structure to build a defensive battery .
the temple , built on the [stays] of an older mycenaean wall , offers excellent views across the surrounding landscape , and this location was prized by the ottomans , who tore down the structure to build a defensive battery .

Walking back to the center of the plateau you ’ ll pass scant remains of the Sanctuary of Artemis Brauronia founded in the fourth century b.c. , but your eyes will be drawn to the immense structure of the Parthenon , which dominates today ’ s Acropolis site .
walking back to the center of the plateau you ’ ll pass scant [stays] of the sanctuary of artemis brauronia founded in the fourth century b.c. , but your eyes will be drawn to the immense structure of the parthenon , which dominates today ’ s acropolis site .

What remains is the bare Pentelic marble used in the construction and the refined lines and form that make it an architectural masterpiece .
what [stays] is the bare pentelic marble used in the construction and the refined lines and form that make it an architectural masterpiece .

Today it is not possible to walk among the columns and through what remains of the inner temple .
today it is not possible to walk among the columns and through what [stays] of the inner temple .

Built beside an ancient Temple of Athena whose scant remains can just be seen , the Erechtheíon brought together the worship of Athena and Poseidon under one roof — legend says that following the contest between the two gods for the honor of protecting Athens , they were reconciled and this dual temple recognized their special bond with regard to the city .
built beside an ancient temple of athena whose scant [stays] can just be seen , the erechtheíon brought together the worship of athena and poseidon under one roof — legend says that following the contest between the two gods for the honor of protecting athens , they were reconciled and this dual temple recognized their special bond with regard to the city .

A number of other archaeological remains can be found on the flanks of the Acropolis and on nearby hills .
a number of other archaeological [stays] can be found on the flanks of the acropolis and on nearby hills .

On the southeastern flank of the Acropolis are the vast remains of the Theatre of Dionysus , hacked out of the earth in the fifth century b.c .
on the southeastern flank of the acropolis are the vast [stays] of the theatre of dionysus , hacked out of the earth in the fifth century b.c .

In Roman times a long colonnaded stoa and promenade linked the two theaters , but only scant remains can be seen today .
in roman times a long colonnaded stoa and promenade linked the two theaters , but only scant [stays] can be seen today .

Surrounding the theater are remains of several other buildings including an Asclepieion ( place of healing ) and Odeon of Pericles .
surrounding the theater are [stays] of several other buildings including an asclepieion ( place of healing ) and odeon of pericles .

Built in the 1840s following Greek independence from the remains of over 70 churches , it is now surrounded by a network of supporting scaffolding erected following damage sustained in the 1999 earthquake .
built in the 1840s following greek independence from the [stays] of over 70 churches , it is now surrounded by a network of supporting scaffolding erected following damage sustained in the 1999 earthquake .

Much of the north and west wall of the Agora lies unexcavated under the houses of Plaka , but the south wall and the remains of the south colonnade are there , along with a series of shops near the ticket office .
much of the north and west wall of the agora lies unexcavated under the houses of plaka , but the south wall and the [stays] of the south colonnade are there , along with a series of shops near the ticket office .

Continue along Adrianou to find the remains of the Ancient Greek Agora — birthplace of western democracy and the social heart of the ancient city-state of Athens ( agora comes from the Greek agiero , meaning to assemble ) .
continue along adrianou to find the [stays] of the ancient greek agora — birthplace of western democracy and the social heart of the ancient city-state of athens ( agora comes from the greek agiero , meaning to assemble ) .

From the entrance at Adrianou ( there are two other entrances to the site ) look immediately to your right to see remains of the Altar of the Twelve Gods ; a small monument from where distances from Athens to all other points in the Greek world were measured .
from the entrance at adrianou ( there are two other entrances to the site ) look immediately to your right to see [stays] of the altar of the twelve gods ; a small monument from where distances from athens to all other points in the greek world were measured .

Behind this , the remains of the Odeon of Agrippa , built in 15 b.c. , and the Royal Palace overlaid by two later stoas can be discerned .
behind this , the [stays] of the odeon of agrippa , built in 15 b.c. , and the royal palace overlaid by two later stoas can be discerned .

On the grounds of the museum are scant remains of the ancient Theater of Zea .
on the grounds of the museum are scant [stays] of the ancient theater of zea .

A 5-km ( 3-mile ) hike to the interior brings you to the remains of the Temple of Poseidon where the famous Greek orator Demosthenes committed suicide in 322 b.c .
a 5-km ( 3-mile ) hike to the interior brings you to the [stays] of the temple of poseidon where the famous greek orator demosthenes committed suicide in 322 b.c .

Many other remains date from the Roman era , including ornate entrances round the Fountain of Peirene where you can still hear the waters flowing through caves at the rear , and the Lechaion Road that linked the city to Athens — with worn cart tracks clearly visible in the marble slabs .
many other [stays] date from the roman era , including ornate entrances round the fountain of peirene where you can still hear the waters flowing through caves at the rear , and the lechaion road that linked the city to athens — with worn cart tracks clearly visible in the marble slabs .

At the summit , within three layers of protective wall , are the remains of a Temple of Aphrodite , an early Christian Basilica , Byzantine cisterns , a Frankish Tower , and Ottoman mosques and fountains — this is Greek history in a nutshell !
at the summit , within three layers of protective wall , are the [stays] of a temple of aphrodite , an early christian basilica , byzantine cisterns , a frankish tower , and ottoman mosques and fountains — this is greek history in a nutshell !

Schliemann found the remains of the city of Mycenae buried under thousands of years worth of debris in a sheltered valley some 60 km ( 40 miles ) south of Corinth .
schliemann found the [stays] of the city of mycenae buried under thousands of years worth of debris in a sheltered valley some 60 km ( 40 miles ) south of corinth .

As they dug through the remains , the tombs of several kings were discovered ; each skeleton lay where it had been carefully buried , the faces covered in a mask of pure gold .
as they dug through the [stays] , the tombs of several kings were discovered ; each skeleton lay where it had been carefully buried , the faces covered in a mask of pure gold .

Immediately as you enter the compound you can get a bird ’ s-eye view of Grave Circle A , where the Royal grave shafts were found , and then climb to the top of the settlement to view the remains of the Royal Palace .
immediately as you enter the compound you can get a bird ’ s-eye view of grave circle a , where the royal grave shafts were found , and then climb to the top of the settlement to view the [stays] of the royal palace .

You will also find the remains of more mundane structures such as the Bouleuterion and gymnasium .
you will also find the [stays] of more mundane structures such as the bouleuterion and gymnasium .

A modern road cuts through the remains and the approach to the site from the parking lot leads first to the Roman Agora , where pilgrims would stock up on supplies and offerings for the temple only a few minutes away .
a modern road cuts through the [stays] and the approach to the site from the parking lot leads first to the roman agora , where pilgrims would stock up on supplies and offerings for the temple only a few minutes away .

Here you can see the remains of the Sanctuary of Apollo , the nearby waters of the Kastalian Springs where pilgrims would purify themselves before their consultation , and the Rock of Sybil where the oracle proclaimed the verdict of the gods .
here you can see the [stays] of the sanctuary of apollo , the nearby waters of the kastalian springs where pilgrims would purify themselves before their consultation , and the rock of sybil where the oracle proclaimed the verdict of the gods .

Below the road are the remains of a large gymnasium , and the temple of Athena Pronaia where pilgrims would make their first religious stop on the climb to the sanctuary .
below the road are the [stays] of a large gymnasium , and the temple of athena pronaia where pilgrims would make their first religious stop on the climb to the sanctuary .

Although nothing remains of the 14th-century houses , number 34 is Het Houten Huis , Amsterdam ’ s oldest house , dating from 1488 .
although nothing [stays] of the 14th-century houses , number 34 is het houten huis , amsterdam ’ s oldest house , dating from 1488 .

You can see their remains in the meticulous collection of the Museo Canario in Las Palmas on Gran Canaria .
you can see their [stays] in the meticulous collection of the museo canario in las palmas on gran canaria .

While tourism remains a top priority — the opening of the vast Atlantis resort on Paradise Island leaves little doubt about that — a number of measures have also been taken to make the country ’ s laws and tax codes more attractive to offshore investors .
while tourism [stays] a top priority — the opening of the vast atlantis resort on paradise island leaves little doubt about that — a number of measures have also been taken to make the country ’ s laws and tax codes more attractive to offshore investors .

S ome people visit Budapest to pursue a special interest and happily spend their holiday in thermal pools amidst ancient Roman remains .
s ome people visit budapest to pursue a special interest and happily spend their holiday in thermal pools amidst ancient roman [stays] .

A couple of km ( one mile ) west of Sagres are the more authentic remains of another fortress , Fortaleza do Beliche .
a couple of km ( one mile ) west of sagres are the more authentic [stays] of another fortress , fortaleza do beliche .

All that remains of old Luz is the church and , opposite , the fortress , which has been attractively renovated and converted into a restaurant .
all that [stays] of old luz is the church and , opposite , the fortress , which has been attractively renovated and converted into a restaurant .

Rooms display sacred art , archaeological remains , the original charter of Lagos , holy vestments , and a bizarre collection of creatures , like a science experiment gone bad : an eight-legged goat kid preserved in formaldehyde , a one-eyed sheep , a cat with two faces .
rooms display sacred art , archaeological [stays] , the original charter of lagos , holy vestments , and a bizarre collection of creatures , like a science experiment gone bad : an eight-legged goat kid preserved in formaldehyde , a one-eyed sheep , a cat with two faces .

Little remains of the actual fortress , but its courtyard is now an agreeable terrace where you can enjoy a drink and watch the sardine fleet returning to port .
little [stays] of the actual fortress , but its courtyard is now an agreeable terrace where you can enjoy a drink and watch the sardine fleet returning to port .

Its riches were stolen long ago , the once-great river is a silted shadow of its former self , and Silves is now just a dusty backwater , but the glorious setting remains .
its riches were stolen long ago , the once-great river is a silted shadow of its former self , and silves is now just a dusty backwater , but the glorious setting [stays] .

The remains of a Moorish mosque are hidden behind the altar .
the [stays] of a moorish mosque are hidden behind the altar .

Some speculate that the cross was given to the city upon the transfer of João II ’ s remains to Batalha .
some speculate that the cross was given to the city upon the transfer of joão ii ’ s [stays] to batalha .

The original village of Carvoeiro is now fairly commercialized , but to many people it remains one of the coast ’ s most attractive resorts .
the original village of carvoeiro is now fairly commercialized , but to many people it [stays] one of the coast ’ s most attractive resorts .

All that remains of the castle are the bases of four huge turrets ( 12th–13th century ) and some excavations .
all that [stays] of the castle are the bases of four huge turrets ( 12th–13th century ) and some excavations .

The Roman remains of Cêrro da Villa were unearthed across the road from the marina .
the roman [stays] of cêrro da villa were unearthed across the road from the marina .

The ramparts afford excellent views from the town , and set into the castle remains is a modest local museum .
the ramparts afford excellent views from the town , and set into the castle [stays] is a modest local museum .

The church usually remains locked ; the best time to see the interior is on a Sunday morning .
the church usually [stays] locked ; the best time to see the interior is on a sunday morning .

Its clean interior is surprisingly plain , but it once held the remains of Christopher Columbus .
its clean interior is surprisingly plain , but it once held the [stays] of christopher columbus .

Just enough of the structure remains to make plain that it would be stunning if carefully restored .
just enough of the structure [stays] to make plain that it would be stunning if carefully restored .

Remains of these cultures can be seen in the Museo del Río Cuale .
[stays] of these cultures can be seen in the museo del río cuale .

Beside the entrance to the Alcazaba are the partially excavated ruins of a Roman theater , the only visible remains of the ancient city .
beside the entrance to the alcazaba are the partially excavated ruins of a roman theater , the only visible [stays] of the ancient city .

A short walk away is the cathedral , known locally as La Manquita — the one-armed lady — because one of its twin towers remains unfinished .
a short walk away is the cathedral , known locally as la manquita — the one-armed lady — because one of its twin towers [stays] unfinished .

Across the river at the western end of town rise the remains of the Castillo de Sohail .
across the river at the western end of town rise the [stays] of the castillo de sohail .

Originally a Roman settlement , Estepona preserves the remains of Moorish fortifications and watchtowers , an 18th-century parish church , and an expressionistic bullring , a startling piece of modern architecture which is beginning to look rather worse for wear .
originally a roman settlement , estepona preserves the [stays] of moorish fortifications and watchtowers , an 18th-century parish church , and an expressionistic bullring , a startling piece of modern architecture which is beginning to look rather worse for wear .

Building blocks for the town were found , conveniently , in the nearby ruins of Roman Carteya ; today , though , little remains of the classical site .
building blocks for the town were found , conveniently , in the nearby ruins of roman carteya ; today , though , little [stays] of the classical site .

A section of the old Moorish walls remains , as does the 10th century fortress .
a section of the old moorish walls [stays] , as does the 10th century fortress .

Cave paintings and prehistoric remains , including a shrine to the goddess Noctiluca , have been found and there is a beautiful underground lake with stalactites .
cave paintings and prehistoric [stays] , including a shrine to the goddess noctiluca , have been found and there is a beautiful underground lake with stalactites .

On display are archaeological remains confirming that these caves were inhabited 30,000 years ago .
on display are archaeological [stays] confirming that these caves were inhabited 30,000 years ago .

In fact , Cádiz ’ s amazing amalgam of history is not readily apparent , with only the remains of the old Roman Theater to give much evidence of the city ’ s age .
in fact , cádiz ’ s amazing amalgam of history is not readily apparent , with only the [stays] of the old roman theater to give much evidence of the city ’ s age .

His remains were transferred to Sevilla from Havana in 1898 , when Cuba won its independence from Spain .
his [stays] were transferred to sevilla from havana in 1898 , when cuba won its independence from spain .

It is all that remains of Sevilla ’ s medieval fortifications , and in times of possible invasion a huge metal chain was hauled from here to the other riverbank to protect the harbor .
it is all that [stays] of sevilla ’ s medieval fortifications , and in times of possible invasion a huge metal chain was hauled from here to the other riverbank to protect the harbor .

Their mortal remains have been interred in the crypt underneath since 1521 , after a ceremonial transfer of their remains from the Alhambra .
their mortal [stays] have been interred in the crypt underneath since 1521 , after a ceremonial transfer of their [stays] from the alhambra .

Even the scant remains of the Sea Venture ( which sank in 1609 ) can be located and identified .
even the scant [stays] of the sea venture ( which sank in 1609 ) can be located and identified .

The Venetians took his remains to Venice when they fled the island and the church was rebuilt as a mosque after an earthquake in 1856 , giving the incongruous but beautiful decoration on the outer walls .
the venetians took his [stays] to venice when they fled the island and the church was rebuilt as a mosque after an earthquake in 1856 , giving the incongruous but beautiful decoration on the outer walls .

You ’ ll also see the vaulted remains of large arcaded asenali ( ship repair yards ) that serviced the Venetian fleet .
you ’ ll also see the vaulted [stays] of large arcaded asenali ( ship repair yards ) that serviced the venetian fleet .

A short walk west along the waterfront brings you to the remains of the Dominican Monastery of Áyios Pétros ( St. Peter ) , which is in the process of renovation , and beyond that is the Historical Museum of Crete , housed in a remarkable building — part Venetian mansion and part modern glass edifice .
a short walk west along the waterfront brings you to the [stays] of the dominican monastery of áyios pétros ( st. peter ) , which is in the process of renovation , and beyond that is the historical museum of crete , housed in a remarkable building — part venetian mansion and part modern glass edifice .

As the pre-eminent center of this ancient people , Crete is the main source of information and excavated remains .
as the pre-eminent center of this ancient people , crete is the main source of information and excavated [stays] .

Most of the remains seen at the site today constitute the second palace built following the disaster which also coincided with a Golden Age of Minoan society or the New Palace era — 1700 b.c. , when the people were rich through trade , and artistic endeavor was at its peak .
most of the [stays] seen at the site today constitute the second palace built following the disaster which also coincided with a golden age of minoan society or the new palace era — 1700 b.c. , when the people were rich through trade , and artistic endeavor was at its peak .

Visitors enter past what remains of the West Court used as an entryway to a West Wing , where the administrative and religious activities took place .
visitors enter past what [stays] of the west court used as an entryway to a west wing , where the administrative and religious activities took place .

Continue past the remains of a hypostyle hall which was the Customs House to the start of the Royal Road leading north to the coast , still in exceptional condition and far better than most thoroughfares on Crete until only a few years ago .
continue past the [stays] of a hypostyle hall which was the customs house to the start of the royal road leading north to the coast , still in exceptional condition and far better than most thoroughfares on crete until only a few years ago .

Near the village of Agía Déka — named after ten saints who were martyred here — and widely scattered in farmland , are the remains of Górtis ( Gortyn ) , capital of the island during the Roman era ( from 65 b.c . )
near the village of agía déka — named after ten saints who were martyred here — and widely scattered in farmland , are the [stays] of górtis ( gortyn ) , capital of the island during the roman era ( from 65 b.c . )

Górtis is such a huge site — at its height it had a population of 300,000 — that you will see signposts to remains lying in the midst of crops south of the modern road .
górtis is such a huge site — at its height it had a population of 300,000 — that you will see signposts to [stays] lying in the midst of crops south of the modern road .

The remains of a small theater lie just in front of the code area , and the site entrance is dominated by the apse of the 6th century basilica of Ágios Títos ( St. Titus ) .
the [stays] of a small theater lie just in front of the code area , and the site entrance is dominated by the apse of the 6th century basilica of ágios títos ( st. titus ) .

The remains of the saint were originally interred here but were moved to Iráklion following Arab raids which destroyed the rest of the building in 825 .
the [stays] of the saint were originally interred here but were moved to iráklion following arab raids which destroyed the rest of the building in 825 .

The layout of the palace is similar to that of Knossós , though the remains are more confusing , with three successive palaces — two from the Old Palace era and one from the New Palace era — on show here .
the layout of the palace is similar to that of knossós , though the [stays] are more confusing , with three successive palaces — two from the old palace era and one from the new palace era — on show here .

The remains in the foreground are those of the Old Palace , which stand proudly in front of the walls of the New Palace behind .
the [stays] in the foreground are those of the old palace , which stand proudly in front of the walls of the new palace behind .

You ’ ll see scant remains of a shrine and early propylon .
you ’ ll see scant [stays] of a shrine and early propylon .

The remains indicate a series of blocks of rooms that could work as a whole or could operate individually if needed .
the [stays] indicate a series of blocks of rooms that could work as a whole or could operate individually if needed .

The waters are well-regarded by snorkelers and there are fascinating remains of a Roman port under only a few feet of water .
the waters are well-regarded by snorkelers and there are fascinating [stays] of a roman port under only a few feet of water .

Remains under and around the palace show Neolithic settlements , though the first palace was built after 2000 b.c .
[stays] under and around the palace show neolithic settlements , though the first palace was built after 2000 b.c .

In the shallows off its southern tip are the remains of the Greco-Roman city of Ólous and just beyond the bridge a 4th-century a.d. mosaic within the foundations of an early Christian basilica .
in the shallows off its southern tip are the [stays] of the greco-roman city of ólous and just beyond the bridge a 4th-century a.d. mosaic within the foundations of an early christian basilica .

Here , on a small rocky sub-islet are the remains of the Venetian stronghold of Spinalónga , built in 1579 to protect the entrance to this sheltered bay .
here , on a small rocky sub-islet are the [stays] of the venetian stronghold of spinalónga , built in 1579 to protect the entrance to this sheltered bay .

Wandering among the remains lends poignancy to your exploration .
wandering among the [stays] lends poignancy to your exploration .

Follow signs to Lató , the remains of a Dorian city ( 7th–3rd centuries b.c . )
follow signs to lató , the [stays] of a dorian city ( 7th–3rd centuries b.c . )

The blocks of strong stone don ’ t come close to rivaling the fine fresco-covered walls of Minoan settlements , yet there is a satisfaction in both location and form when you climb among the remains of Lató .
the blocks of strong stone don ’ t come close to rivaling the fine fresco-covered walls of minoan settlements , yet there is a satisfaction in both location and form when you climb among the [stays] of lató .

Much remains to be discovered under the low scrub and rocks though there seems little intent to do so .
much [stays] to be discovered under the low scrub and rocks though there seems little intent to do so .

The city was founded by the Minoans , as there are no earlier remains below the palace complex .
the city was founded by the minoans , as there are no earlier [stays] below the palace complex .

Building commenced around 1900 b.c. , with remains from that date seen around the east wing .
building commenced around 1900 b.c. , with [stays] from that date seen around the east wing .

The site has been settled since Minoan times , with the remains of a Dorian , Greek , and Roman town underlying the present buildings .
the site has been settled since minoan times , with the [stays] of a dorian , greek , and roman town underlying the present buildings .

There is a small , whitewashed Orthodox chapel and the remains of barracks and arsenals .
there is a small , whitewashed orthodox chapel and the [stays] of barracks and arsenals .

Today the monastery is a much more peaceful place , though the wine storeroom remains a charred shell .
today the monastery is a much more peaceful place , though the wine storeroom [stays] a charred shell .

At Thrónos visit the 14th-century Panagía chapel for its frescoes and the remains of an early Byzantine mosaic floor from a previous basilica — if the church is locked ask at the shop next door as they keep a key .
at thrónos visit the 14th-century panagía chapel for its frescoes and the [stays] of an early byzantine mosaic floor from a previous basilica — if the church is locked ask at the shop next door as they keep a key .

Head up the hill above the town to explore the remains of the ancient Greek town of Sybrita .
head up the hill above the town to explore the [stays] of the ancient greek town of sybrita .

You can take boat trips to the island of Gávdos , the most southern territory in Europe , and to Loutró , a picturesque village with no vehicular access ; or head inland on foot for Loutró and the remains of ancient Anópoli for an enjoyable day ’ s hiking .
you can take boat trips to the island of gávdos , the most southern territory in europe , and to loutró , a picturesque village with no vehicular access ; or head inland on foot for loutró and the [stays] of ancient anópoli for an enjoyable day ’ s hiking .

From here you can hike cross-country to the evocative remains of Katholikó , Crete ’ s first monastery , founded in the 11th century by St. John the Hermit .
from here you can hike cross-country to the evocative [stays] of katholikó , crete ’ s first monastery , founded in the 11th century by st. john the hermit .

Chaniá was capital of Crete from 1845 until 1971 and it remains the island ’ s second largest settlement , with a great deal of urban development .
chaniá was capital of crete from 1845 until 1971 and it [stays] the island ’ s second largest settlement , with a great deal of urban development .

Strolling past the mosque leads to the inner harbor , with the remains of large Venetian arsenali ( ship repair yards ) — originally 17 lined the water ’ s edge .
strolling past the mosque leads to the inner harbor , with the [stays] of large venetian arsenali ( ship repair yards ) — originally 17 lined the water ’ s edge .

Scant remains of the Minoan city can be seen on Odós Karneváro .
scant [stays] of the minoan city can be seen on odós karneváro .

There are numerous artifacts found at the Kydonía Minoan site , but equally impressive Greco-Roman remains including a collection of beautiful Hellenistic mosaics .
there are numerous artifacts found at the kydonía minoan site , but equally impressive greco-roman [stays] including a collection of beautiful hellenistic mosaics .

What remains today is the outer rim of the original circular island .
what [stays] today is the outer rim of the original circular island .

In the center of the island is the village of Pirgos with the remains of a Venetian fortress at its heart .
in the center of the island is the village of pirgos with the [stays] of a venetian fortress at its heart .

It was totally covered by several feet of ash during the eruption around 1500 b.c. , but unlike the tragic city of Pompeii in Italy , no human remains have been found , leading scientists to believe that the population escaped before the disaster took place .
it was totally covered by several feet of ash during the eruption around 1500 b.c. , but unlike the tragic city of pompeii in italy , no human [stays] have been found , leading scientists to believe that the population escaped before the disaster took place .

The remains , which include streets with houses and pretty communal squares , have been placed under a protective corrugated roof that gets hot and crowded , so try to visit as early in the day as possible .
the [stays] , which include streets with houses and pretty communal squares , have been placed under a protective corrugated roof that gets hot and crowded , so try to visit as early in the day as possible .

Nearby , at the intersection of Wangfujing and Chang ’ an Avenue , is the capital ’ s oldest site , the recently unearthed remains of a 20,000-year-old Stone Age settlement , complete with human fossils , buffalo bones , and hunting tools .
nearby , at the intersection of wangfujing and chang ’ an avenue , is the capital ’ s oldest site , the recently unearthed [stays] of a 20,000-year-old stone age settlement , complete with human fossils , buffalo bones , and hunting tools .

A side stairway leads to the balcony , where one of the 24 original watch drums remains , along with what ’ s claimed to be the world ’ s largest drum ( made in 1990 ) .
a side stairway leads to the balcony , where one of the 24 original watch drums [stays] , along with what ’ s claimed to be the world ’ s largest drum ( made in 1990 ) .

The Summer Palace remains as visible testimony to the extravagance of the late Qing Dynasty at the expense of China ’ s freedom and prosperity at the beginning of the 20th century .
the summer palace [stays] as visible testimony to the extravagance of the late qing dynasty at the expense of china ’ s freedom and prosperity at the beginning of the 20th century .

The white pagoda itself , rising 51 m ( 167 ft ) , is last and , like most dagobas , remains sealed , its holy treasures and relics somewhere beneath or inside the imposing structure .
the white pagoda itself , rising 51 m ( 167 ft ) , is last and , like most dagobas , [stays] sealed , its holy treasures and relics somewhere beneath or inside the imposing structure .

It is possible to walk the stairs of the restored section for about 2 km ( 11⁄2 miles ) before reaching the crumbling remains of the original wall on either end .
it is possible to walk the stairs of the restored section for about 2 km ( 11⁄2 miles ) before reaching the crumbling [stays] of the original wall on either end .

It ’ s worthwhile for anyone interested in seeing the monumental remains of the Qing Dynasty , as well as its most spectacular Buddhist temples .
it ’ s worthwhile for anyone interested in seeing the monumental [stays] of the qing dynasty , as well as its most spectacular buddhist temples .

There remains the question of exactly why law school tuitions have boomed during the past 10 year , a 76 percent increase among private schools , according to the report , and 140 percent for in-state residents of public schools .
there [stays] the question of exactly why law school tuitions have boomed during the past 10 year , a 76 percent increase among private schools , according to the report , and 140 percent for in-state residents of public schools .

More remains to be done .
more [stays] to be done .

The need to distinguish between ANY legal information , which LawGuys can provide , and GOOD guidance , which knowledgeable lawyers can provide , remains paramount .
the need to distinguish between any legal information , which lawguys can provide , and good guidance , which knowledgeable lawyers can provide , [stays] paramount .

Philly Lawyers Lead in Pro Bono Need to Do More Friday , June 28 , 2002 PHILADELPHIA -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- June 29 , 2002 -- Philadelphia lawyers have reason to be proud of their collective `` commitment to make legal services available to the poor and needy '' in the region but the `` justice system still remains closed to many '' and much more needs to be done .
philly lawyers lead in pro bono need to do more friday , june 28 , 2002 philadelphia -- ( business wire ) -- june 29 , 2002 -- philadelphia lawyers have reason to be proud of their collective `` commitment to make legal services available to the poor and needy '' in the region but the `` justice system still [stays] closed to many '' and much more needs to be done .

Funding used to help victims obtain emergency protective orders remains in place , said Milne and Stewart Ralphs , executive director of the Legal Aid Society of Salt Lake .
funding used to help victims obtain emergency protective orders [stays] in place , said milne and stewart ralphs , executive director of the legal aid society of salt lake .

As effective as these programs are , much remains to be done .
as effective as these programs are , much [stays] to be done .

That figures translates into 2 million people without the ability to access the justice system , according to a new study by the California Commission on Access to Justice , which also found that despite increased spending , the gap between need and services remains substantial .
that figures translates into 2 million people without the ability to access the justice system , according to a new study by the california commission on access to justice , which also found that despite increased spending , the gap between need and services [stays] substantial .

Still , when more than 70 percent of the poor 's legal needs are not being met , much remains to be done , the report points out .
still , when more than 70 percent of the poor 's legal needs are not being met , much [stays] to be done , the report points out .

By REED ABELSON July 24 , 2002 Women and minorities appear to be benefiting from greater employment opportunities in the United States , but discrimination remains a significant problem , according to a study to be released today by two professors at the Rutgers School of Law in Newark .
by reed abelson july 24 , 2002 women and minorities appear to be benefiting from greater employment opportunities in the united states , but discrimination [stays] a significant problem , according to a study to be released today by two professors at the rutgers school of law in newark .

However , the message board remains one of its more compelling features .
however , the message board [stays] one of its more compelling features .

The law in Northern Colorado remains as complex as it is anywhere else , but the willingness of attorneys to take on pro bono work in defense of the `` defenseless or oppressed '' appears to be exemplary .
the law in northern colorado [stays] as complex as it is anywhere else , but the willingness of attorneys to take on pro bono work in defense of the `` defenseless or oppressed '' appears to be exemplary .

Rivera pointed out that helping clients , many of whom are not native English speakers , becomes problematic as demands increase and funding to the Legal Services Corp. remains stagnant .
rivera pointed out that helping clients , many of whom are not native english speakers , becomes problematic as demands increase and funding to the legal services corp. [stays] stagnant .

Kristen Lawton Barry , PhD Reducing death and disability related to alcohol remains a national health status goal.1,2 Cherpitel and others have suggested that the emergency department ( ED ) may be the ideal place to identify alcohol problems and to begin interventions , particularly with patients who enter the ED with an injury.3-10 Several compelling reasons make the ED an important setting for alcohol interventions .
kristen lawton barry , phd reducing death and disability related to alcohol [stays] a national health status goal.1,2 cherpitel and others have suggested that the emergency department ( ed ) may be the ideal place to identify alcohol problems and to begin interventions , particularly with patients who enter the ed with an injury.3-10 several compelling reasons make the ed an important setting for alcohol interventions .

In addition , it remains difficult to engage health care professionals in conducting brief interventions in this venue because of the volume of patients and the urgency of other presenting problems .
in addition , it [stays] difficult to engage health care professionals in conducting brief interventions in this venue because of the volume of patients and the urgency of other presenting problems .

General Discussion Richard Longabaugh commented on how much remains unknown about what motivates patients to change their use of alcohol .
general discussion richard longabaugh commented on how much [stays] unknown about what motivates patients to change their use of alcohol .

Even for those agencies that are not being integrated into DHS , there remains a very real need and possibly a unique opportunity to rethink approaches and priorities to enable them to better target their resources to address our most urgent needs .
even for those agencies that are not being integrated into dhs , there [stays] a very real need and possibly a unique opportunity to rethink approaches and priorities to enable them to better target their resources to address our most urgent needs .

Homeland Security : Key Elements to Unify Efforts Are Underway but Uncertainty Remains ( GAO-02-610 , June 7 , 2002 ) .
homeland security : key elements to unify efforts are underway but uncertainty [stays] ( gao-02-610 , june 7 , 2002 ) .

Although we attempted to be as thorough as possible within the scope of our study , we recognize that more work in this area remains to be done , including a more in-depth study of individual practices .
although we attempted to be as thorough as possible within the scope of our study , we recognize that more work in this area [stays] to be done , including a more in-depth study of individual practices .

Double-underlined text remains as originally published .
double-underlined text [stays] as originally published .

While GAO has not yet updated Title 2 to incorporate SFFASs , However , it remains a useful resource in areas not yet addressed in SFFASs .
while gao has not yet updated title 2 to incorporate sffass , however , it [stays] a useful resource in areas not yet addressed in sffass .

This legislation will go a long way toward helping us address many of our human capital requirements and ensuring that GAO remains prepared to meet the Congress ' needs in the future .
this legislation will go a long way toward helping us address many of our human capital requirements and ensuring that gao [stays] prepared to meet the congress ' needs in the future .

Although we attempted to be as thorough as possible within the scope of our study , we recognize that more work in this area remains to be done , including a more in-depth study of individual practices .
although we attempted to be as thorough as possible within the scope of our study , we recognize that more work in this area [stays] to be done , including a more in-depth study of individual practices .

Regardless of the changes made , recording accurate T & A information remains the primary control objective .
regardless of the changes made , recording accurate t & a information [stays] the primary control objective .

Although oversight responsibility for the facility planning and design phases generally remains within the agencies , fewer staff resources are being devoted to the effort than in the past .
although oversight responsibility for the facility planning and design phases generally [stays] within the agencies , fewer staff resources are being devoted to the effort than in the past .

For the nation as a whole , saving has rebounded somewhat from its low point in the early 1990s but remains relatively low by U.S. historical standards .
for the nation as a whole , saving has rebounded somewhat from its low point in the early 1990s but [stays] relatively low by u.s. historical standards .

Even with the advent of federal government saving in the late 1990s , national saving available for new investment remains relatively low , in large part because personal saving has dramatically declined .
even with the advent of federal government saving in the late 1990s , national saving available for new investment [stays] relatively low , in large part because personal saving has dramatically declined .

Gross national saving-which reflects resources available both to replace old , worn out capital goods and to expand the capital stock-has rebounded as a share of gross domestic product ( GDP ) from its low in the 1990s but remains below the level of the 1960s ( see figure 2.1 ) .
gross national saving-which reflects resources available both to replace old , worn out capital goods and to expand the capital stock-has rebounded as a share of gross domestic product ( gdp ) from its low in the 1990s but [stays] below the level of the 1960s ( see figure 2.1 ) .

Even though national saving remains relatively low by U.S. historical standards , economic growth in recent years has been high because more and better investments were made .
even though national saving [stays] relatively low by u.s. historical standards , economic growth in recent years has been high because more and better investments were made .

Households ' wealth-income ratio dropped from its 1999 peak of 6.4 to 5.9 in 2000 but remains relatively high compared to the 1960s through the mid 1990s .
households ' wealth-income ratio dropped from its 1999 peak of 6.4 to 5.9 in 2000 but [stays] relatively high compared to the 1960s through the mid 1990s .

For most families , real estate remains the most important asset-two-thirds of households owned their homes in 1998 .
for most families , real estate [stays] the most important asset-two-thirds of households owned their homes in 1998 .

Despite this recent shift in the federal position , net national saving as a share of GDP remains well below the average level of the 1960s largely as a result of the decline in personal saving .
despite this recent shift in the federal position , net national saving as a share of gdp [stays] well below the average level of the 1960s largely as a result of the decline in personal saving .

Although national saving as a share of GDP remains below the 1960s average , annual GDP growth in recent years reached levels similar to the 1960s average of 4.2 percent .
although national saving as a share of gdp [stays] below the 1960s average , annual gdp growth in recent years reached levels similar to the 1960s average of 4.2 percent .

To get a sense of the long-term implications of alternative national saving paths , we examined the economic outlook over the next 75 years under two different assumptions : ( 1 ) gross national saving remains constant at its 2000 share of GDP-18.3 percent-and ( 2 ) gross national saving varies depending on how much the federal government saves.18 One possible fiscal policy , which we used in our simulation , would be for the federal government to save only the Social Security surpluses and to spend the non−Social Security surpluses projected over the first 10 years on some mix of permanent tax cuts and spending increases .
to get a sense of the long-term implications of alternative national saving paths , we examined the economic outlook over the next 75 years under two different assumptions : ( 1 ) gross national saving [stays] constant at its 2000 share of gdp-18.3 percent-and ( 2 ) gross national saving varies depending on how much the federal government saves.18 one possible fiscal policy , which we used in our simulation , would be for the federal government to save only the social security surpluses and to spend the non−social security surpluses projected over the first 10 years on some mix of permanent tax cuts and spending increases .

For simplicity , the Save the Social Security Surpluses simulation assumes that saving by households , businesses , and state and local governments remains constant as a share of 17The current account balance would improve to the extent that the increase in saving is used to increase net foreign investment rather than domestic investment .
for simplicity , the save the social security surpluses simulation assumes that saving by households , businesses , and state and local governments [stays] constant as a share of 17the current account balance would improve to the extent that the increase in saving is used to increase net foreign investment rather than domestic investment .

GDP at 16.1 percent-average nonfederal saving as a share of GDP since 1998.19 As figure 3.4 shows , gross national saving as a share of GDP remains fairly steady over the next decade under the Save the Social Security Surpluses simulation .
gdp at 16.1 percent-average nonfederal saving as a share of gdp since 1998.19 as figure 3.4 shows , gross national saving as a share of gdp [stays] fairly steady over the next decade under the save the social security surpluses simulation .

How the surpluses are used has long-term implications for federal government saving , national saving , and ultimately the nation 's future living standards.9 To get a sense of the long-term implications of broad fiscal policy choices , we examined the fiscal and economic outlook over the next 75 years under two alternatives : ( 1 ) assuming that the federal government saves only the Social Security surpluses and ( 2 ) assuming that the federal government saves the entire unified surpluses.10 For simplicity , these fiscal policy simulations assume that saving by households , businesses , and state and local governments remains constant as a share of GDP and that the surpluses saved are used to reduce debt held by the public.11 Once debt held by the public is eliminated , these simulations assume excess cash is used to acquire an unspecified mix of nonfederal assets with a rate of return equivalent to the average interest rate on Treasury securities.12 9Federal Budget : The President 's Midsession Review ( GAO/OCG-99-29 , July 21 , 1999 ) .
how the surpluses are used has long-term implications for federal government saving , national saving , and ultimately the nation 's future living standards.9 to get a sense of the long-term implications of broad fiscal policy choices , we examined the fiscal and economic outlook over the next 75 years under two alternatives : ( 1 ) assuming that the federal government saves only the social security surpluses and ( 2 ) assuming that the federal government saves the entire unified surpluses.10 for simplicity , these fiscal policy simulations assume that saving by households , businesses , and state and local governments [stays] constant as a share of gdp and that the surpluses saved are used to reduce debt held by the public.11 once debt held by the public is eliminated , these simulations assume excess cash is used to acquire an unspecified mix of nonfederal assets with a rate of return equivalent to the average interest rate on treasury securities.12 9federal budget : the president 's midsession review ( gao/ocg-99-29 , july 21 , 1999 ) .

Again , this simulation assumes that nonfederal saving remains constant as a share of GDP at 16.1 percent , the average nonfederal saving rate since 1998 .
again , this simulation assumes that nonfederal saving [stays] constant as a share of gdp at 16.1 percent , the average nonfederal saving rate since 1998 .

As a reference point , we also simulated a path assuming that national saving remains constant at the 2000 level of 18.3 percent of GDP .
as a reference point , we also simulated a path assuming that national saving [stays] constant at the 2000 level of 18.3 percent of gdp .

The company remains prepared to restructure to meet ever-changing business requirements .
the company [stays] prepared to restructure to meet ever-changing business requirements .

Despite having higher technology wages than any other state in the country , the state remains at a disadvantage in competing with industry and must rely on alternative strategies and incentives to attract and retain skilled workers .
despite having higher technology wages than any other state in the country , the state [stays] at a disadvantage in competing with industry and must rely on alternative strategies and incentives to attract and retain skilled workers .

Today , just like 27 years ago , racial and ethnic bigotry remains the central reality of most of our clients ' lives .
today , just like 27 years ago , racial and ethnic bigotry [stays] the central reality of most of our clients ' lives .

LSC 's Board recognizes the value of the Inspector General function and remains committed to working with the OIG to achieve our goal of providing high quality legal assistance to the poor of our nation .
lsc 's board recognizes the value of the inspector general function and [stays] committed to working with the oig to achieve our goal of providing high quality legal assistance to the poor of our nation .

Absent a formal motion to withdraw , an attorney of record in federal court remains responsible , both ethically and under the rules of court , for responding to any matter that should arise .
absent a formal motion to withdraw , an attorney of record in federal court [stays] responsible , both ethically and under the rules of court , for responding to any matter that should arise .

Assuming inflation remains at current rates through 2001 , almost $ 450 million is required in FY01 to maintain the purchasing power ( and services ) of the FY95 level .
assuming inflation [stays] at current rates through 2001 , almost $ 450 million is required in fy01 to maintain the purchasing power ( and services ) of the fy95 level .

However , significant integration and planning work remains to be done in this area of the state .
however , significant integration and planning work [stays] to be done in this area of the state .

The fact that we are now seeing second and third generation low-income people walk through our doors and sit in our waiting rooms is a brutal reminder that the realization of justice for many Americans remains more an aspiration than a fact .
the fact that we are now seeing second and third generation low-income people walk through our doors and sit in our waiting rooms is a brutal reminder that the realization of justice for many americans [stays] more an aspiration than a fact .

If the variability remains constant , the sensitivity of the test will increase as the number of replicates is increased .
if the variability [stays] constant , the sensitivity of the test will increase as the number of replicates is increased .

If the variability remains constant , the sensitivity of the test will increase as the number of replicates is increased .
if the variability [stays] constant , the sensitivity of the test will increase as the number of replicates is increased .

In that circumstance , the unit remains subject to the trading programs but is covered by the non-opt-in requirements that cover all affected EGUs .
in that circumstance , the unit [stays] subject to the trading programs but is covered by the non-opt-in requirements that cover all affected egus .

If the variability remains constant , the sensitivity of the test will increase as the number of replicates is increased .
if the variability [stays] constant , the sensitivity of the test will increase as the number of replicates is increased .

However , usually water is either evaporated from the system or remains in the by-product or waste .
however , usually water is either evaporated from the system or [stays] in the by-product or waste .

Therefore , the 53,000 MWe of FGD retrofits projected to be built by 2010 for Clear Skies and current requirements remains the same under both scenarios .
therefore , the 53,000 mwe of fgd retrofits projected to be built by 2010 for clear skies and current requirements [stays] the same under both scenarios .

As shown , the impact to total U.S. production for the multipollutant strategy remains less than 2 percent out to 2020 while the overall demand from all installed FGD remains less than 4 percent out to 2020 .
as shown , the impact to total u.s. production for the multipollutant strategy [stays] less than 2 percent out to 2020 while the overall demand from all installed fgd [stays] less than 4 percent out to 2020 .

U.S. demand is projected to grow to 454 million pounds , or about 227,000 tons , in 2004.49 However , large underutilized capacity overseas will provide a ready supply of potential imports , which will tend to limit price increases for most grades.49 The competition from Chinese and South-East Asian producers remains strong.50 Chinese exports quadrupled from 53,230 tons in 1995 to 224,331 tons in 1997 , with the average product cost dropping by 16 percent to 660/ton .
u.s. demand is projected to grow to 454 million pounds , or about 227,000 tons , in 2004.49 however , large underutilized capacity overseas will provide a ready supply of potential imports , which will tend to limit price increases for most grades.49 the competition from chinese and south-east asian producers [stays] strong.50 chinese exports quadrupled from 53,230 tons in 1995 to 224,331 tons in 1997 , with the average product cost dropping by 16 percent to 660/ton .

The burden measure quantifies the resulting increase in unit cost and revenue that must be made up from each piece of mail that remains in the system .
the burden measure quantifies the resulting increase in unit cost and revenue that must be made up from each piece of mail that [stays] in the system .

Of the 44 percent of non-delivered mail that remains , 36 percent is Class , much of which is time sensitive .
of the 44 percent of non-delivered mail that [stays] , 36 percent is class , much of which is time sensitive .

In the U.S. the carrier remains on the road , stops at a roadside mailbox and places mail in it without leaving the vehicle.11 This contributes to the affordability of postage in the U.S. Each country has made a different cost/service tradeoff , which is reflected in each country 's concept of universal service .
in the u.s. the carrier [stays] on the road , stops at a roadside mailbox and places mail in it without leaving the vehicle.11 this contributes to the affordability of postage in the u.s. each country has made a different cost/service tradeoff , which is reflected in each country 's concept of universal service .

Nonetheless , the rationality of service tiers remains .
nonetheless , the rationality of service tiers [stays] .

Whether this is an effective avenue to lower costs and improve performance remains to be seen .
whether this is an effective avenue to lower costs and improve performance [stays] to be seen .

The variable cost remains the same because the volume does not change .
the variable cost [stays] the same because the volume does not change .

It can be seen that business routes have slightly more pieces per route with slightly higher cost per piece.43 The cost per delivery point and stop on business routes is much higher , but the profit per piece remains higher.44 We are not aware of any study that has identified the reasons why business routes have a higher cost per piece and much higher cost per stop than residential routes .
it can be seen that business routes have slightly more pieces per route with slightly higher cost per piece.43 the cost per delivery point and stop on business routes is much higher , but the profit per piece [stays] higher.44 we are not aware of any study that has identified the reasons why business routes have a higher cost per piece and much higher cost per stop than residential routes .

The exponent of Pb in Equation ( 1 ) , then , is not a traditional elasticity ; rather , it is an elasticity for changes in own-price when the discount remains unchanged , referred to in this paper as a no-shift elasticity .
the exponent of pb in equation ( 1 ) , then , is not a traditional elasticity ; rather , it is an elasticity for changes in own-price when the discount [stays] unchanged , referred to in this paper as a no-shift elasticity .

With this done , the workshare prices ( Pws ) can be calculated immediately as g Pb -D , where Pb remains at the current level of 39.2¢ .
with this done , the workshare prices ( pws ) can be calculated immediately as g pb -d , where pb [stays] at the current level of 39.2¢ .

The Thress model suggests that if the discount remains unchanged , and thus that shifting is not allowed , the elasticity of basic volume is negative 0.189 and of workshared volume is negative 0.289 .
the thress model suggests that if the discount [stays] unchanged , and thus that shifting is not allowed , the elasticity of basic volume is negative 0.189 and of workshared volume is negative 0.289 .

Our knowledge of the international travels of the al Qaeda operatives selected for the 9/11 operation remains fragmentary .
our knowledge of the international travels of the al qaeda operatives selected for the 9/11 operation [stays] fragmentary .

The procurement process for these radios remains controversial , and they proved unpopular with the rank and file , who believed that adequate training in their use had not been provided .
the procurement process for these radios [stays] controversial , and they proved unpopular with the rank and file , who believed that adequate training in their use had not been provided .

If the organization of defense intelligence remains as it is now , the appropriate official would be the under secretary of defense for intelligence .
if the organization of defense intelligence [stays] as it is now , the appropriate official would be the under secretary of defense for intelligence .

An innovation of Donovan 's , whose legacy remains part of U.S. intelligence today , was the establishment of a Research and Analysis Branch .
an innovation of donovan 's , whose legacy [stays] part of u.s. intelligence today , was the establishment of a research and analysis branch .

Much of the job of operational coordination remains with the agencies , especially the CIA .
much of the job of operational coordination [stays] with the agencies , especially the cia .

Having interviewed numerous members of Congress from both parties , as well as congressional staff members , we found that dissatisfaction with congressional oversight remains widespread .
having interviewed numerous members of congress from both parties , as well as congressional staff members , we found that dissatisfaction with congressional oversight [stays] widespread .

Creating a new domestic intelligence agency would divert attention of the officials most responsible for current counterterrorism efforts while the threat remains high .
creating a new domestic intelligence agency would divert attention of the officials most responsible for current counterterrorism efforts while the threat [stays] high .

Nostalgia for Islam 's past glory remains a powerful force .
nostalgia for islam 's past glory [stays] a powerful force .

Just how and when the three of them first met remains unclear , although they seemed to know each other already when Shehhi relocated to Hamburg in early 1998 .
just how and when the three of them first met [stays] unclear , although they seemed to know each other already when shehhi relocated to hamburg in early 1998 .

His motivation for this decision remains unclear .
his motivation for this decision [stays] unclear .

The origin of the funds remains unknown , although we have a general idea of how al Qaeda financed itself during the period leading up to 9/11 .
the origin of the funds [stays] unknown , although we have a general idea of how al qaeda financed itself during the period leading up to 9/11 .

Our knowledge of the funding during this period , before the operatives entered the United States , remains murky .
our knowledge of the funding during this period , before the operatives entered the united states , [stays] murky .

The Phoenix FBI office remains suspicious of Abdullah and Hazmi and their association with Hanjour .
the phoenix fbi office [stays] suspicious of abdullah and hazmi and their association with hanjour .

Finally , Pakistan has made little progress toward the return of democratic rule at the national level , although that turbulent process does continue to function at the provincial level and the Pakistani press remains relatively free .
finally , pakistan has made little progress toward the return of democratic rule at the national level , although that turbulent process does continue to function at the provincial level and the pakistani press [stays] relatively free .

Economic development remains a distant hope .
economic development [stays] a distant hope .

A GLOBAL STRATEGY 383 diminish and their activities come under more scrutiny , and others have been put out of business , although controlling overseas branches of Gulf-area charities remains a challenge .
a global strategy 383 diminish and their activities come under more scrutiny , and others have been put out of business , although controlling overseas branches of gulf-area charities [stays] a challenge .

While commercial aviation remains a possible target , terrorists may turn their attention to other modes .
while commercial aviation [stays] a possible target , terrorists may turn their attention to other modes .

The occurrence of this problem at three very different sites is strong evidence that compatible and adequate communications among public safety organizations at the local , state , and federal levels remains an important problem .
the occurrence of this problem at three very different sites is strong evidence that compatible and adequate communications among public safety organizations at the local , state , and federal levels [stays] an important problem .

As we examined the emergency response to 9/11 , witness after witness told us that despite 9/11 , the private sector remains largely unprepared for a terrorist attack .
as we examined the emergency response to 9/11 , witness after witness told us that despite 9/11 , the private sector [stays] largely unprepared for a terrorist attack .

No evidence of firearms or of their identifiable remains was found at the aircraft 's crash site , and the cockpit voice recorder gives no indication of a gun being fired or mentioned at any time .
no evidence of firearms or of their identifiable [stays] was found at the aircraft 's crash site , and the cockpit voice recorder gives no indication of a gun being fired or mentioned at any time .

The molecular identity of this phosphoprotein remains unknown .
the molecular identity of this phosphoprotein [stays] unknown .

The similarities between islet cells and neurons are further underscored by the demonstration of insulin gene transcription in the vertebrate brain [ 5 ] , although it remains unclear whether these vertebrate neurons produce or secrete insulin protein [ 6 ] .
the similarities between islet cells and neurons are further underscored by the demonstration of insulin gene transcription in the vertebrate brain [ 5 ] , although it [stays] unclear whether these vertebrate neurons produce or secrete insulin protein [ 6 ] .

Methods promoting neural differentiation by embryonic stem ( ES ) cells have been adapted [ 9,10,11,12,13 ] to derive insulin-producing cells ( IPCs ) , but it remains unclear whether such IPCs were derived from neural progenitors , or whether a neural-based strategy can generate transplantable human IPCs .
methods promoting neural differentiation by embryonic stem ( es ) cells have been adapted [ 9,10,11,12,13 ] to derive insulin-producing cells ( ipcs ) , but it [stays] unclear whether such ipcs were derived from neural progenitors , or whether a neural-based strategy can generate transplantable human ipcs .

Precisely how the ethylene signal is transduced to the EIN3 and EIL1 transcription factors remains unclear .
precisely how the ethylene signal is transduced to the ein3 and eil1 transcription factors [stays] unclear .

Leaving aside quibbles and caveats about the book and about JSTOR , this remains a fascinating and instructive history of an important and ground-breaking initiative .
leaving aside quibbles and caveats about the book and about jstor , this [stays] a fascinating and instructive history of an important and ground-breaking initiative .

The extent of thiol oxidation within the cell remains another open question .
the extent of thiol oxidation within the cell [stays] another open question .

That task is undertaken by Coyne and Orr , who introduce most topics with a verbal overview of theory , review empirical evidence and its bearing on hypotheses , and conclude with incisive assessments of what they think we know and what remains uncertain or unexplored .
that task is undertaken by coyne and orr , who introduce most topics with a verbal overview of theory , review empirical evidence and its bearing on hypotheses , and conclude with incisive assessments of what they think we know and what [stays] uncertain or unexplored .

However , in many developing countries , vast numbers of children are born but never counted , and their health and welfare throughout their lives remains unknown .
however , in many developing countries , vast numbers of children are born but never counted , and their health and welfare throughout their lives [stays] unknown .

The question remains : if such guidelines were to be established , what individuals , institutions , governments , medical examiners , family members , or intrepid biographers are to be given permission ?
the question [stays] : if such guidelines were to be established , what individuals , institutions , governments , medical examiners , family members , or intrepid biographers are to be given permission ?

It remains to be determined whether FFA interacts with CD36 to activate CD36 receptor signaling , or whether CD36 mediates FFA uptake to activate src kinase and p38 MAPK signaling .
it [stays] to be determined whether ffa interacts with cd36 to activate cd36 receptor signaling , or whether cd36 mediates ffa uptake to activate src kinase and p38 mapk signaling .

Finally , for participants in ACTIVE or in other memory training programs , it remains unknown whether eventual rates of Alzheimer disease will be reduced .
finally , for participants in active or in other memory training programs , it [stays] unknown whether eventual rates of alzheimer disease will be reduced .

Many well-known figures contemplating their posthumous selves have been foiled in exercising control over their literary remains .
many well-known figures contemplating their posthumous selves have been foiled in exercising control over their literary [stays] .

The Line between Scientist and Grave Robber How many giants and tyrants unlucky enough to have left body parts or ashes behind when they shuffled off the mortal coil could have imagined what scientists and medical practitioners of the future would do with their physical remains ?
the line between scientist and grave robber how many giants and tyrants unlucky enough to have left body parts or ashes behind when they shuffled off the mortal coil could have imagined what scientists and medical practitioners of the future would do with their physical [stays] ?

Vladimir Ilyich Lenin remains the most visible deceased person .
vladimir ilyich lenin [stays] the most visible deceased person .

His body , or what remains of it since his brain and other organs were removed , has been viewed by the millions who have passed by his open casket in a mausoleum on Moscow 's Red Square .
his body , or what [stays] of it since his brain and other organs were removed , has been viewed by the millions who have passed by his open casket in a mausoleum on moscow 's red square .

A word of warning , then , to the famous not-yet-deceased : consider the disposition of your physical remains as carefully as you consider the packaging of your archive .
a word of warning , then , to the famous not-yet-deceased : consider the disposition of your physical [stays] as carefully as you consider the packaging of your archive .

Whether the partner drug should be long or short acting remains unclear , said the authors .
whether the partner drug should be long or short acting [stays] unclear , said the authors .

Altogether , artemisinin combinations offer great hope for Africa , the authors say , although the ideal combination regimen remains uncertain and cost is a problem .
altogether , artemisinin combinations offer great hope for africa , the authors say , although the ideal combination regimen [stays] uncertain and cost is a problem .

Siegel believes the fisheries are n't posing a significant threat to krill stocks at this point , but says much remains to be learned about krill population structure .
siegel believes the fisheries are n't posing a significant threat to krill stocks at this point , but says much [stays] to be learned about krill population structure .

Despite the evidence linking bacterial antibiotic resistance on farms to resistance in humans , the impact of agricultural antibiotic use remains controversial [ 16–19 ] and poorly quantified .
despite the evidence linking bacterial antibiotic resistance on farms to resistance in humans , the impact of agricultural antibiotic use [stays] controversial [ 16–19 ] and poorly quantified .

While resistance in zoonotic infections should be directly attributable to resistance in the zoonotic reservoir , the impact of agricultural antibiotic use remains controversial [ 18,27–29 ] .
while resistance in zoonotic infections should be directly attributable to resistance in the zoonotic reservoir , the impact of agricultural antibiotic use [stays] controversial [ 18,27–29 ] .

However , based on the lack of association between viral resistance detected off-drug shortly after TI and resuppression by the same regimen in all patients , it remains undetermined to what extent TIs favor the detection of archived mutations in chronically suppressed patients and to what extent these mutations are a signal for a future therapy failure .
however , based on the lack of association between viral resistance detected off-drug shortly after ti and resuppression by the same regimen in all patients , it [stays] undetermined to what extent tis favor the detection of archived mutations in chronically suppressed patients and to what extent these mutations are a signal for a future therapy failure .

Dementia remains an incurable condition and its increasing prevalence is a deeply worrying aspect of the “ graying ” of the population .
dementia [stays] an incurable condition and its increasing prevalence is a deeply worrying aspect of the “ graying ” of the population .

The case series remains a favored method of clinical investigation in surgery .
the case series [stays] a favored method of clinical investigation in surgery .

It remains true that while the method one uses influences the answer one receives , it can be just as important to ask the right questions , which can be asked even in a series of one patient [ 11 ] .
it [stays] true that while the method one uses influences the answer one receives , it can be just as important to ask the right questions , which can be asked even in a series of one patient [ 11 ] .

Despite its incorporation into national fisheries policies , ecosystem-based management remains a loosely defined term .
despite its incorporation into national fisheries policies , ecosystem-based management [stays] a loosely defined term .

Experimental evidence remains frustratingly elusive .
experimental evidence [stays] frustratingly elusive .

The authors point out that all participants were able to resuppress the mutant virus when they resumed their previous drug regimens but state that it remains undetermined to what extent resistant mutations are a signal for future therapy failure .
the authors point out that all participants were able to resuppress the mutant virus when they resumed their previous drug regimens but state that it [stays] undetermined to what extent resistant mutations are a signal for future therapy failure .

The small palpebral fissure makes the eye look sunken in on the affected side , but the position of the globe in the orbit remains virtually unchanged .
the small palpebral fissure makes the eye look sunken in on the affected side , but the position of the globe in the orbit [stays] virtually unchanged .

Much to the chagrin of those that study it , the brain remains perhaps too mysterious .
much to the chagrin of those that study it , the brain [stays] perhaps too mysterious .

Under George W. Bush , prescribed burning remains a choice , but the United States Department of Agriculture 's ( USDA ) Forest Service policy is much more focused on mechanical means .
under george w. bush , prescribed burning [stays] a choice , but the united states department of agriculture 's ( usda ) forest service policy is much more focused on mechanical means .

Educational projects from nongovernmental organizations have helped to turn some farmers away from heavy reliance on slash-and-burn techniques , but fire suppression information remains to be distributed on the frontiers .
educational projects from nongovernmental organizations have helped to turn some farmers away from heavy reliance on slash-and-burn techniques , but fire suppression information [stays] to be distributed on the frontiers .

Conservation plans have been made by the federal government in collaboration with international agencies , but implementation remains a question , particularly given the high level of economic pressure from multinational resource developers eager to enter the Amazon .
conservation plans have been made by the federal government in collaboration with international agencies , but implementation [stays] a question , particularly given the high level of economic pressure from multinational resource developers eager to enter the amazon .

However , it remains remarkable that even simple exercises—such as plotting richness values for different latitudes or latitudinal bands against each other for the hemispheres and examining the resulting relationship , or overlaying them on the same range of latitudes—rarely appear in the literature .
however , it [stays] remarkable that even simple exercises—such as plotting richness values for different latitudes or latitudinal bands against each other for the hemispheres and examining the resulting relationship , or overlaying them on the same range of latitudes—rarely appear in the literature .

Using other genetic manipulations in mice to produce in muscle a form of calcineurin that remains active even in the absence of calcium signals , myofibers are converted from fast glycolytic to fast oxidative or slow oxidative forms [ 41 ] .
using other genetic manipulations in mice to produce in muscle a form of calcineurin that [stays] active even in the absence of calcium signals , myofibers are converted from fast glycolytic to fast oxidative or slow oxidative forms [ 41 ] .

A great deal of additional research remains to be done before we have a comprehensive understanding of how habitual physical activity promotes changes in gene expression in skeletal muscles , and in turn improves fitness and reduces risk for diabetes , hypertension , dyslipidemia , and coronary artery disease .
a great deal of additional research [stays] to be done before we have a comprehensive understanding of how habitual physical activity promotes changes in gene expression in skeletal muscles , and in turn improves fitness and reduces risk for diabetes , hypertension , dyslipidemia , and coronary artery disease .

It remains possible that the patient was genetically predisposed to thrombosis by a mutation in an undetermined factor .
it [stays] possible that the patient was genetically predisposed to thrombosis by a mutation in an undetermined factor .

However , it also remains formally possible that this temporal relationship was a coincidence .
however , it also [stays] formally possible that this temporal relationship was a coincidence .

The potential epidemiologic impact of large-scale roll-out of treatment programs , however , remains uncertain .
the potential epidemiologic impact of large-scale roll-out of treatment programs , however , [stays] uncertain .

As evidence about the magnitude of treatment–prevention interactions remains limited , we considered a reduction of 50 % from the full impact as a base case and examined a range of reductions from 25 % to 75 % in sensitivity analyses .
as evidence about the magnitude of treatment–prevention interactions [stays] limited , we considered a reduction of 50 % from the full impact as a base case and examined a range of reductions from 25 % to 75 % in sensitivity analyses .

The plan mentions an “ appropriate balance between productive competition and effective collaboration , ” and suggests that certain incentives could be provided by “ the funders with greatest flexibility. ” As long as it remains unclear where scientific breakthroughs will come from , diversity and flexibility should be encouraged and not stifled .
the plan mentions an “ appropriate balance between productive competition and effective collaboration , ” and suggests that certain incentives could be provided by “ the funders with greatest flexibility. ” as long as it [stays] unclear where scientific breakthroughs will come from , diversity and flexibility should be encouraged and not stifled .

Furthermore , it remains unclear whether traditional risk factors can adequately explain the decline in cardiovascular risk following smoking cessation .
furthermore , it [stays] unclear whether traditional risk factors can adequately explain the decline in cardiovascular risk following smoking cessation .

Nevertheless , it remains unclear whether C-reactive protein 's ongoing decline in former smokers simply indicates a prevalent underlying burden of atherosclerotic plaque , or “ simmering ” ongoing disease processes .
nevertheless , it [stays] unclear whether c-reactive protein 's ongoing decline in former smokers simply indicates a prevalent underlying burden of atherosclerotic plaque , or “ simmering ” ongoing disease processes .

The relative value of novel inflammatory markers versus traditional risk factors remains of much debate [ 50,51 ] .
the relative value of novel inflammatory markers versus traditional risk factors [stays] of much debate [ 50,51 ] .

Linked to poverty , decreased productivity , and premature death , tobacco remains the second major cause of preventable death in the world and fourth most common risk factor for disease worldwide [ 59 ] .
linked to poverty , decreased productivity , and premature death , tobacco [stays] the second major cause of preventable death in the world and fourth most common risk factor for disease worldwide [ 59 ] .

Although generation of skeletal muscle cells from adult MSCs remains controversial , we tested whether hESMPCs exhibit this potential .
although generation of skeletal muscle cells from adult mscs [stays] controversial , we tested whether hesmpcs exhibit this potential .

The researchers conclude that folic acid “ therefore remains the preferred treatment for lowering of blood homocysteine concentrations ” in healthy individuals .
the researchers conclude that folic acid “ therefore [stays] the preferred treatment for lowering of blood homocysteine concentrations ” in healthy individuals .

Accurate lymph node staging also remains a cornerstone in choosing the most appropriate therapy for a given stage .
accurate lymph node staging also [stays] a cornerstone in choosing the most appropriate therapy for a given stage .

Diabetes : Epidemiology and Complications Treatment for , and the prognosis of , type-1 diabetes mellitus ( T1DM ) has progressed dramatically during the last century , but the disease remains a major cause of morbidity and mortality .
diabetes : epidemiology and complications treatment for , and the prognosis of , type-1 diabetes mellitus ( t1dm ) has progressed dramatically during the last century , but the disease [stays] a major cause of morbidity and mortality .

The exact etiology of the disease remains uncertain , but extensive research suggests an interaction between genetic predisposition and environment .
the exact etiology of the disease [stays] uncertain , but extensive research suggests an interaction between genetic predisposition and environment .

The limitations of islet transplantation force us to recognize that the therapy remains experimental , and that many questions must be answered before it is incorporated into general clinical practice .
the limitations of islet transplantation force us to recognize that the therapy [stays] experimental , and that many questions must be answered before it is incorporated into general clinical practice .

While in some places the advent of free and accessible antiretroviral therapy has offered hope and encouraged people to go for testing , [ 5 ] stigma remains a barrier to testing even where treatment is available [ 6 ] .
while in some places the advent of free and accessible antiretroviral therapy has offered hope and encouraged people to go for testing , [ 5 ] stigma [stays] a barrier to testing even where treatment is available [ 6 ] .

Discussion Although early treatment of acute HIV-1 infection followed by treatment interruptions may enhance control of viremia [ 6,8 ] , the durability of this control remains unclear .
discussion although early treatment of acute hiv-1 infection followed by treatment interruptions may enhance control of viremia [ 6,8 ] , the durability of this control [stays] unclear .

In terms of fundamental understanding , a key paper remains that of Thomas Gold more than half a century ago ( Gold 1948 ) .
in terms of fundamental understanding , a key paper [stays] that of thomas gold more than half a century ago ( gold 1948 ) .

This might explain why the bacteriome is the only tissue in which the father 's genome remains present and active in both males and females .
this might explain why the bacteriome is the only tissue in which the father 's genome [stays] present and active in both males and females .

At 12 mo , 90 % –95 % of the population falls below this level , and at 24 mo , 80 % –85 % remains below it—despite a 40 % –50 % drop in disease incidence from 12 mo to 24 mo .
at 12 mo , 90 % –95 % of the population falls below this level , and at 24 mo , 80 % –85 % [stays] below it—despite a 40 % –50 % drop in disease incidence from 12 mo to 24 mo .

Pediatric monitoring using CD4 percentages also remains largely unavailable .
pediatric monitoring using cd4 percentages also [stays] largely unavailable .

This patient remains free of retinopathy , but a significant number of patients with type 2 diabetes have retinopathy at the onset of diagnosis owing to the insidious nature of type 2 diabetes and the failure to diagnose type 2 diabetes early .
this patient [stays] free of retinopathy , but a significant number of patients with type 2 diabetes have retinopathy at the onset of diagnosis owing to the insidious nature of type 2 diabetes and the failure to diagnose type 2 diabetes early .

Just why high-density dots and lines elicit such powerful responses from our visual apparatus remains unexplained .
just why high-density dots and lines elicit such powerful responses from our visual apparatus [stays] unexplained .

How this influence takes place is a point of much debate , and remains unclear in the case of the peaceful male baboons in the Masai Mara .
how this influence takes place is a point of much debate , and [stays] unclear in the case of the peaceful male baboons in the masai mara .

On space missions already being planned , we may have the opportunity to analyze the remains of alien organics on the surface of Europa or frozen below ground on Mars .
on space missions already being planned , we may have the opportunity to analyze the [stays] of alien organics on the surface of europa or frozen below ground on mars .

From these biological remains , it would then be possible to determine the biochemical composition of , and the phylogenetic relationship between , Earth life and Martian life .
from these biological [stays] , it would then be possible to determine the biochemical composition of , and the phylogenetic relationship between , earth life and martian life .

Most importantly , a large region flanking the KO gene remains of 129 origin , unless extreme measures are taken to select for recombination between tightly linked markers .
most importantly , a large region flanking the ko gene [stays] of 129 origin , unless extreme measures are taken to select for recombination between tightly linked markers .

Recombinant insulin is available in plentiful supply , but the control of type 1 diabetes remains far from perfect , and researchers have looked towards an ideal of transplanting insulin-producing cells instead .
recombinant insulin is available in plentiful supply , but the control of type 1 diabetes [stays] far from perfect , and researchers have looked towards an ideal of transplanting insulin-producing cells instead .

Until larger prospective observational studies have been conducted , balancing these risks remains challenging .
until larger prospective observational studies have been conducted , balancing these risks [stays] challenging .

This remains to be tested , but we conjecture that this is unlikely to be the case .
this [stays] to be tested , but we conjecture that this is unlikely to be the case .

Even with BMIs that use neural activity recorded with invasive electrodes to yield higher bandwidth and thus allow for the execution of more complex tasks , it remains unclear whether the quality of the signal will ever suffice for a patient to freely , safely , and effectively control a prosthetic arm to perform daily tasks .
even with bmis that use neural activity recorded with invasive electrodes to yield higher bandwidth and thus allow for the execution of more complex tasks , it [stays] unclear whether the quality of the signal will ever suffice for a patient to freely , safely , and effectively control a prosthetic arm to perform daily tasks .

That malaria is being pushed back hookworm remains the great infection of mankind .
that malaria is being pushed back hookworm [stays] the great infection of mankind .

The general impact of some of the risk factors in Figure 1 remains uncertain , and , additionally , migrant status , urban residence , cannabis use , and biological sex are supported as risk factors for schizophrenia .
the general impact of some of the risk factors in figure 1 [stays] uncertain , and , additionally , migrant status , urban residence , cannabis use , and biological sex are supported as risk factors for schizophrenia .

Similar to the linkage study data , “ hard ” replication remains elusive .
similar to the linkage study data , “ hard ” replication [stays] elusive .

It remains to be determined how much this adversely affects the HIV-specific immune response , and whether an immune response generated by vaccination before any HIV replication ( a prophylactic vaccine ) might be better able to control virus replication .
it [stays] to be determined how much this adversely affects the hiv-specific immune response , and whether an immune response generated by vaccination before any hiv replication ( a prophylactic vaccine ) might be better able to control virus replication .

Toward the Future As we come together from three continents to inaugurate the Student Forum in PLoS Medicine , we are committed to ensuring that this section of the journal remains a source of vigorous debate and thoughtful analysis .
toward the future as we come together from three continents to inaugurate the student forum in plos medicine , we are committed to ensuring that this section of the journal [stays] a source of vigorous debate and thoughtful analysis .

Lassa fever remains a serious challenge to public health in West Africa , threatening both local residents in rural areas and those who serve them , particularly medical care providers .
lassa fever [stays] a serious challenge to public health in west africa , threatening both local residents in rural areas and those who serve them , particularly medical care providers .

Finally , conducting trials in endemic areas , many of which lack political stability , remains a serious challenge .
finally , conducting trials in endemic areas , many of which lack political stability , [stays] a serious challenge .

In the developed world , medical schools are now thriving enterprises whose main aim remains to turn out sufficient numbers of well-trained medical practitioners .
in the developed world , medical schools are now thriving enterprises whose main aim [stays] to turn out sufficient numbers of well-trained medical practitioners .

Whether this fit truly captures the physical and chemical mechanisms underlying the patterns remains to be seen ; Robinson hopes that criticism can strengthen West , Brown , and Enquist 's model , perhaps leading to a new , improved theory .
whether this fit truly captures the physical and chemical mechanisms underlying the patterns [stays] to be seen ; robinson hopes that criticism can strengthen west , brown , and enquist 's model , perhaps leading to a new , improved theory .

The disease remains an enigma to many , and it often goes undiagnosed , even in endemic areas .
the disease [stays] an enigma to many , and it often goes undiagnosed , even in endemic areas .

As management of this chronic disease remains problematic , new preventive or therapeutic options are needed .
as management of this chronic disease [stays] problematic , new preventive or therapeutic options are needed .

PLoS Medicine remains committed to publishing the best medical research that is relevant to a broad international community of clinicians and researchers .
plos medicine [stays] committed to publishing the best medical research that is relevant to a broad international community of clinicians and researchers .

Introduction Coronary heart disease ( CHD ) remains the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in the United States and is associated with substantial economic cost [ 1 ] .
introduction coronary heart disease ( chd ) [stays] the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in the united states and is associated with substantial economic cost [ 1 ] .

Discussion Despite significant increases from 1992 to 2002 in use of statins associated with hyperlipidemic patient visits , the magnitude of increases is smaller than expected and the rate of use remains suboptimal according to the best available evidence .
discussion despite significant increases from 1992 to 2002 in use of statins associated with hyperlipidemic patient visits , the magnitude of increases is smaller than expected and the rate of use [stays] suboptimal according to the best available evidence .

Given the observed practice shortfalls , drug therapy in moderate-risk patients remains an important priority for improvement .
given the observed practice shortfalls , drug therapy in moderate-risk patients [stays] an important priority for improvement .

The sequence specificity of the silencing strongly implies that the signal is a nucleic acid , most likely an RNA , but the identity of the signal remains unknown .
the sequence specificity of the silencing strongly implies that the signal is a nucleic acid , most likely an rna , but the identity of the signal [stays] unknown .

Keeping in mind these limitations , grafting remains an invaluable tool in the search for the systemic silencing signal .
keeping in mind these limitations , grafting [stays] an invaluable tool in the search for the systemic silencing signal .

While there are qualitative “ stories ” of this kind in the literature for many seasonal phenomena , convincing quantitative evidence to support them remains largely elusive .
while there are qualitative “ stories ” of this kind in the literature for many seasonal phenomena , convincing quantitative evidence to support them [stays] largely elusive .

Intermittent couplings also suggest the existence of thresholds in the response to climate , an area of research that remains in need of quantitative approaches .
intermittent couplings also suggest the existence of thresholds in the response to climate , an area of research that [stays] in need of quantitative approaches .

Demand for a legal education remains high .
demand for a legal education [stays] high .

The new Library remains on the list -- it is at the heart of the academic community and will require increased and ongoing support for acquisitions and other needs .
the new library [stays] on the list -- it is at the heart of the academic community and will require increased and ongoing support for acquisitions and other needs .

Although tuition at the School of Law -Indianapolis still remains among the lowest of the `` Big Ten '' law schools , further increases could have an adverse effect on securing quality students .
although tuition at the school of law -indianapolis still [stays] among the lowest of the `` big ten '' law schools , further increases could have an adverse effect on securing quality students .

It is practical advice that remains true today .
it is practical advice that [stays] true today .

While we have made significant inroads , there remains much to be done and it is clear that we can not do it alone .
while we have made significant inroads , there [stays] much to be done and it is clear that we can not do it alone .

Please return the enclosed form with your check by March 19th so that your name remains on our mailing list .
please return the enclosed form with your check by march 19th so that your name [stays] on our mailing list .

The demand for a legal education remains high , as we received 1,243 applications for our 1994 first-year class .
the demand for a legal education [stays] high , as we received 1,243 applications for our 1994 first-year class .

That remains our mission .
that [stays] our mission .

With the exception of energy prices , in fact , inflation remains about as quiescent as it can be , despite the fact that the economy continues to grow at a better-than-4 percent clip and that the unemployment rate has reached levels no one thought were possible anymore .
with the exception of energy prices , in fact , inflation [stays] about as quiescent as it can be , despite the fact that the economy continues to grow at a better-than-4 percent clip and that the unemployment rate has reached levels no one thought were possible anymore .

George F. Will ( This Week ) -- the only pundit , liberal or conservative , who does n't seem to be pulling for John McCain -- scoffs at Kristol 's reaction , noting that Bush still has a 50-point lead in South Carolina and remains the most secure GOP front-runner in `` living memory . ''
george f. will ( this week ) -- the only pundit , liberal or conservative , who does n't seem to be pulling for john mccain -- scoffs at kristol 's reaction , noting that bush still has a 50-point lead in south carolina and [stays] the most secure gop front-runner in `` living memory . ''

I suppose it 's one reason why poetry remains so much more of a vital force in Britain and Ireland than in America , for what is poetry if not inessential ?
i suppose it 's one reason why poetry [stays] so much more of a vital force in britain and ireland than in america , for what is poetry if not inessential ?

The longer Washington remains without its traditional appetite for scandal , the more careless powerful people will get , and eventually one of them will get blown up in a big , juicy affair which will have the politicians and pundits joyfully going off the diet and gorging on all the sordid details .
the longer washington [stays] without its traditional appetite for scandal , the more careless powerful people will get , and eventually one of them will get blown up in a big , juicy affair which will have the politicians and pundits joyfully going off the diet and gorging on all the sordid details .

The Heiress , for all its un-Jamesian blood and thunder , remains the truer adaptation .
the heiress , for all its un-jamesian blood and thunder , [stays] the truer adaptation .

There remains the possibility that these methods will not yield lifelong bliss .
there [stays] the possibility that these methods will not yield lifelong bliss .

Along with its counterpart , PoliticsNowa joint venture of several news organizations , including the National Journal , the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles Times -- AllPolitics remains a place where you can get lots of political news and know that it 's quality journalism , as opposed to some guy blowing steam .
along with its counterpart , politicsnowa joint venture of several news organizations , including the national journal , the washington post , and the los angeles times -- allpolitics [stays] a place where you can get lots of political news and know that it 's quality journalism , as opposed to some guy blowing steam .

The Net remains more a gimmick , a way to signal to voters that Sen. Blahblah is a man of the future .
the net [stays] more a gimmick , a way to signal to voters that sen. blahblah is a man of the future .

Its brain remains disproportionately teensy .
its brain [stays] disproportionately teensy .

A familiar loose end remains loose : Israel 's demands for specific Palestinian actions to tighten security in the area .
a familiar loose end [stays] loose : israel 's demands for specific palestinian actions to tighten security in the area .

It remains unclear whether an additional censure measure will be put before the full House .
it [stays] unclear whether an additional censure measure will be put before the full house .

In the absence of that , a woman 's promise to take charge of birth control and then not doing so remains the only form of monetary fraud Today 's Papers can think of that is not only not punished , but is in fact regularly rewarded .
in the absence of that , a woman 's promise to take charge of birth control and then not doing so [stays] the only form of monetary fraud today 's papers can think of that is not only not punished , but is in fact regularly rewarded .

Even after the product was recalled in Great Britain it remained -- and still remains -- available by prescription in the U.S..
even after the product was recalled in great britain it remained -- and still [stays] -- available by prescription in the u.s..

After reviewing the overture , however , the U.S. called Iraq 's conditional concessions `` unacceptable '' and remains poised to attack .
after reviewing the overture , however , the u.s. called iraq 's conditional concessions `` unacceptable '' and [stays] poised to attack .

However , the Administration remains wary .
however , the administration [stays] wary .

USAT 's off-lead reports that President Clinton will unveil a $ 156 million effort today to combat AIDS among blacks and Hispanics , two groups where , despite the general decline in AIDS mortality , the disease remains a top killer .
usat 's off-lead reports that president clinton will unveil a $ 156 million effort today to combat aids among blacks and hispanics , two groups where , despite the general decline in aids mortality , the disease [stays] a top killer .

Until then , Pinochet remains a patient at a luxury London hospital , sufficiently medicated , reports the paper , that he is probably unaware he is under arrest .
until then , pinochet [stays] a patient at a luxury london hospital , sufficiently medicated , reports the paper , that he is probably unaware he is under arrest .

Chatterbox thinks Global 2000 got this one pretty close to correct , however , and believes that , with the least developed countries seeing very little decline in total fertility rate since the early 1960s , world population remains worth worrying about .
chatterbox thinks global 2000 got this one pretty close to correct , however , and believes that , with the least developed countries seeing very little decline in total fertility rate since the early 1960s , world population [stays] worth worrying about .

Bailey said the total number of calories consumed is `` substantially up '' in South Asia and the Middle East , but he admitted Africa remains `` a basket case . ''
bailey said the total number of calories consumed is `` substantially up '' in south asia and the middle east , but he admitted africa [stays] `` a basket case . ''

Thus , DeParle points out that `` a long list of things '' remains present in the lives of the poor , including `` violent neighborhoods , absent fathers , bare cupboards , epidemics of depression , the temptations of drugs . ''
thus , deparle points out that `` a long list of things '' [stays] present in the lives of the poor , including `` violent neighborhoods , absent fathers , bare cupboards , epidemics of depression , the temptations of drugs . ''

It 's not clear because the evidence for a causal relationship between a booming stock market and a booming economy remains surprisingly scanty .
it 's not clear because the evidence for a causal relationship between a booming stock market and a booming economy [stays] surprisingly scanty .

That remains very much an assumption that has not been proven .
that [stays] very much an assumption that has not been proven .

It is to say that the U.S. economy is so big and diverse , and still so driven by the consumption of people with very little or nothing at all invested in the stock market , that GDP remains a better indicator of the economy 's health than the Dow does .
it is to say that the u.s. economy is so big and diverse , and still so driven by the consumption of people with very little or nothing at all invested in the stock market , that gdp [stays] a better indicator of the economy 's health than the dow does .

How he reached that figure remains unclear .
how he reached that figure [stays] unclear .

Vremya also pointed out that to this day President Yeltsin remains the only guarantee `` against which international financial organizations would agree to give further credits to Moscow or to postpone the repayment of its debts , provided Yeltsin promised to make the Primakov government pursue a reasonable economic policy . ''
vremya also pointed out that to this day president yeltsin [stays] the only guarantee `` against which international financial organizations would agree to give further credits to moscow or to postpone the repayment of its debts , provided yeltsin promised to make the primakov government pursue a reasonable economic policy . ''

That 's what La Rochefoucauld said about the old Letterman show when the generic air crash joke Dave told at the 5:30 p.m. taping turned sour by the 12:30 a.m. broadcast , due to an actual air disaster around 9 p.m. : `` If it was now wrong to mock the charred remains of the dead , surely it was wrong a week ago , and would still be wrong a week hence when Dave resumed airline ridicule .
that 's what la rochefoucauld said about the old letterman show when the generic air crash joke dave told at the 5:30 p.m. taping turned sour by the 12:30 a.m. broadcast , due to an actual air disaster around 9 p.m. : `` if it was now wrong to mock the charred [stays] of the dead , surely it was wrong a week ago , and would still be wrong a week hence when dave resumed airline ridicule .

Another cause for disappointment is that the Clinton plan will not impose a national curriculum , which , regrettably , remains beyond the pale in any practical discussion about education reform because of the ongoing culture wars among Christian fundamentalists , mainstream educators , and multicultural leftists .
another cause for disappointment is that the clinton plan will not impose a national curriculum , which , regrettably , [stays] beyond the pale in any practical discussion about education reform because of the ongoing culture wars among christian fundamentalists , mainstream educators , and multicultural leftists .

He remains alive and continues to write -- more prolifically , in fact , than he did back then .
he [stays] alive and continues to write -- more prolifically , in fact , than he did back then .

In all his plays , Miller remains fixed to the same set of concerns : corruption and the worship of material success ; loyalty and betrayal ; fathers and sons ; public responsibility and personal conscience .
in all his plays , miller [stays] fixed to the same set of concerns : corruption and the worship of material success ; loyalty and betrayal ; fathers and sons ; public responsibility and personal conscience .

You could , Prudie supposes , continue with this `` friend '' whose word you have no faith in , but the question remains : Whatever for ?
you could , prudie supposes , continue with this `` friend '' whose word you have no faith in , but the question [stays] : whatever for ?

Y ou 've Got Mail gets better as it gets more relaxed , and the famous cafe scene -- in which the man discovers in horror who his correspondent really is -- remains sure-fire .
y ou 've got mail gets better as it gets more relaxed , and the famous cafe scene -- in which the man discovers in horror who his correspondent really is -- [stays] sure-fire .

The mystery at the heart of genius remains .
the mystery at the heart of genius [stays] .

The climax is the publication of a book that takes the plaintiffs ' side and that remains on the best-seller list in hardcover and paperback for years .
the climax is the publication of a book that takes the plaintiffs ' side and that [stays] on the best-seller list in hardcover and paperback for years .

Although I 'm certain it amused Scott Shuger ( an amusing guy , to judge by the terrific `` Today 's Papers '' ) to join the ranks of those who have publicly disparaged Linda Tripp , the fact remains that nothing in his piece , `` , '' reflects at all on Tripp herself .
although i 'm certain it amused scott shuger ( an amusing guy , to judge by the terrific `` today 's papers '' ) to join the ranks of those who have publicly disparaged linda tripp , the fact [stays] that nothing in his piece , `` , '' reflects at all on tripp herself .

The constitutional question remains .
the constitutional question [stays] .

In the 1931 Dracula , however , which like Nosferatu is based on Bram Stoker 's novel , Bela Lugosi has to be impaled through the heart in his coffin , whereupon he emits a strange little disappointed groan that remains a benchmark of decorum when compared with the hissing and writhing deaths of modern screen vampires .
in the 1931 dracula , however , which like nosferatu is based on bram stoker 's novel , bela lugosi has to be impaled through the heart in his coffin , whereupon he emits a strange little disappointed groan that [stays] a benchmark of decorum when compared with the hissing and writhing deaths of modern screen vampires .

Dr. Bernard Salick 's chain of 24 for-profit cancer clinics has done well in California , making flexible schedules a part of its patient-friendly approach , but Dr. Warren Enker , associate director of New York 's Beth Israel Hospital , remains skeptical .
dr. bernard salick 's chain of 24 for-profit cancer clinics has done well in california , making flexible schedules a part of its patient-friendly approach , but dr. warren enker , associate director of new york 's beth israel hospital , [stays] skeptical .

It concluded that `` the sobering fact remains that Africans today are poorer than they were '' when Montgomery unveiled his plan .
it concluded that `` the sobering fact [stays] that africans today are poorer than they were '' when montgomery unveiled his plan .

Although we are owned by a rich company , becoming financially self-sustaining remains a crucial goal .
although we are owned by a rich company , becoming financially self-sustaining [stays] a crucial goal .

Veblen remains a prophet , no ? ''
veblen [stays] a prophet , no ? ''

If she tells you everything 's fine and only a faint hint of color remains , suggest she tell friends the Persian weavers were famously big drinkers .
if she tells you everything 's fine and only a faint hint of color [stays] , suggest she tell friends the persian weavers were famously big drinkers .

The notion that the GIs were somehow better people than those born after them remains , like most facile generalizations about generations , a matter of prejudice , not analysis .
the notion that the gis were somehow better people than those born after them [stays] , like most facile generalizations about generations , a matter of prejudice , not analysis .

The Wall Street Journal reports that despite the best efforts of entrepreneurs , the cryonics industry remains lifeless .
the wall street journal reports that despite the best efforts of entrepreneurs , the cryonics industry [stays] lifeless .

Fox , and Lela Rochon ) , he remains `` a cipher . ''
fox , and lela rochon ) , he [stays] `` a cipher . ''

Die-hard Mamet haters complain he 's still too abstract , ca n't write female characters , and `` remains a man of the theater '' who does n't get film ( David Denby , New York ) .
die-hard mamet haters complain he 's still too abstract , ca n't write female characters , and `` [stays] a man of the theater '' who does n't get film ( david denby , new york ) .

Most reviewers mythologize Lewis ' life as an up-from-sharecropping success story : `` Of all the surviving saints of the civil rights movement ... Lewis remains most committed to its original creed '' ( Jack White , Time ) .
most reviewers mythologize lewis ' life as an up-from-sharecropping success story : `` of all the surviving saints of the civil rights movement ... lewis [stays] most committed to its original creed '' ( jack white , time ) .

Dissenters echo Cynthia Ozick 's criticism in an October issue of The New Yorker that the play remains `` infantilized , Americanized , homogenized , [ and ] sentimentalized . ''
dissenters echo cynthia ozick 's criticism in an october issue of the new yorker that the play [stays] `` infantilized , americanized , homogenized , [ and ] sentimentalized . ''

This is n't great literature but , reviewers say , within the genre , Clancy remains the master .
this is n't great literature but , reviewers say , within the genre , clancy [stays] the master .

If demand for shares remains strong , companies eventually offer more shares for sale in secondary offerings .
if demand for shares [stays] strong , companies eventually offer more shares for sale in secondary offerings .

I once watched a friend get his nose broken in a ( brief ) fistfight and it remains one of the most ghastly things I 've ever seen .
i once watched a friend get his nose broken in a ( brief ) fistfight and it [stays] one of the most ghastly things i 've ever seen .

Poor Hick , bereft of career , living in a perpetual state of low-intensity jiltedness ( `` Miss you so much , '' runs the typical Eleanor letter , `` but you 'd hate it here so do n't come `` ) , traveling the barrooms of the country as Eleanor 's eyes and ears , remains for me the hero of the book .
poor hick , bereft of career , living in a perpetual state of low-intensity jiltedness ( `` miss you so much , '' runs the typical eleanor letter , `` but you 'd hate it here so do n't come `` ) , traveling the barrooms of the country as eleanor 's eyes and ears , [stays] for me the hero of the book .

Indeed , what if the president makes the world ( including the United States ) a more dangerous place , but the United States remains a safer place relative to the rest of the world ?
indeed , what if the president makes the world ( including the united states ) a more dangerous place , but the united states [stays] a safer place relative to the rest of the world ?

About the Aug. 8 `` Readme '' : You can justify withholding the British intelligence officer 's article in a dozen different ways , but the fact remains that because of the financial liability to your parent company you decided not to publish a story that your training and experience as journalists indicated was important and ought to be told .
about the aug. 8 `` readme '' : you can justify withholding the british intelligence officer 's article in a dozen different ways , but the fact [stays] that because of the financial liability to your parent company you decided not to publish a story that your training and experience as journalists indicated was important and ought to be told .

William Faulkner 's The Sound and the Fury remains the focus in the `` Reading '' thread .
william faulkner 's the sound and the fury [stays] the focus in the `` reading '' thread .

The perpetual quoting of Clinton 's high job approval ratings helps ensure that his job approval remains high .
the perpetual quoting of clinton 's high job approval ratings helps ensure that his job approval [stays] high .

Although Jason Turner 's remark , discussed in the June 29 `` Chatterbox , '' may have been unintentional in its reference to the `` welcome sign '' over Auschwitz 's main gate , his attitude remains the same : forced labor without hope for education , decent child care , or a better future .
although jason turner 's remark , discussed in the june 29 `` chatterbox , '' may have been unintentional in its reference to the `` welcome sign '' over auschwitz 's main gate , his attitude [stays] the same : forced labor without hope for education , decent child care , or a better future .

The fact remains : The British people 's elected representatives can be paid specifically to influence legislation -- and no one cares .
the fact [stays] : the british people 's elected representatives can be paid specifically to influence legislation -- and no one cares .

The fact remains , however , that the developing world is doing just that -- developing .
the fact [stays] , however , that the developing world is doing just that -- developing .

Tito and Castro are examples of the latter , and they may soon have imitators , for it remains to be seen how many post-Soviet democracies will last .
tito and castro are examples of the latter , and they may soon have imitators , for it [stays] to be seen how many post-soviet democracies will last .

Clinton regained his footing and won re-election in 1996 through a calculated centrism that is likely to remain his approach to politics for what remains of his elective career .
clinton regained his footing and won re-election in 1996 through a calculated centrism that is likely to remain his approach to politics for what [stays] of his elective career .

No amount of baloney-slicing changes the fact that in Brazil , whitening remains the ideal .
no amount of baloney-slicing changes the fact that in brazil , whitening [stays] the ideal .

There are a couple of credible candidates : The four-letter word for `` vagina '' remains off-limits in polite conversation ( although that has more to do with feminism than with profanity ) , and the slang expression for those who engage in oral sex with males is not yet acceptable by the standards of office-meeting etiquette .
there are a couple of credible candidates : the four-letter word for `` vagina '' [stays] off-limits in polite conversation ( although that has more to do with feminism than with profanity ) , and the slang expression for those who engage in oral sex with males is not yet acceptable by the standards of office-meeting etiquette .

It remains the private property of his heirs until 2031 .
it [stays] the private property of his heirs until 2031 .

Most people wo n't steal digital content if buying actually remains cheaper and easier , as it probably will .
most people wo n't steal digital content if buying actually [stays] cheaper and easier , as it probably will .

`` spin control '' remains a useful explanation for reporters who ca n't understand how the public can like this guy .
`` spin control '' [stays] a useful explanation for reporters who ca n't understand how the public can like this guy .

It is the oft-expressed view of what remains of Georgetown society .
it is the oft-expressed view of what [stays] of georgetown society .

Leaving with him , I fear , will be not only a chunk of postwar history but much of the enlightenment that remains in the lower chamber .
leaving with him , i fear , will be not only a chunk of postwar history but much of the enlightenment that [stays] in the lower chamber .

Federal spending on elementary and secondary education remains small in aggregate , amounting to just 7 percent of total public spending on schools .
federal spending on elementary and secondary education [stays] small in aggregate , amounting to just 7 percent of total public spending on schools .

The Independent of London concluded that the `` episode only shows how abnormal a state Russia remains , utterly unschooled in the orderly democratic transfer of constitutional power . ''
the independent of london concluded that the `` episode only shows how abnormal a state russia [stays] , utterly unschooled in the orderly democratic transfer of constitutional power . ''

In contrast , it is widely assumed that Putin would be prepared to do whatever it takes to assure that the Yeltsin family remains a commanding presence in Russian politics . ''
in contrast , it is widely assumed that putin would be prepared to do whatever it takes to assure that the yeltsin family [stays] a commanding presence in russian politics . ''

Even with her , though , the problem remains that too much of the aesthetic decision has been taken before the work begins ; that form is imposed rather than achieved .
even with her , though , the problem [stays] that too much of the aesthetic decision has been taken before the work begins ; that form is imposed rather than achieved .

Everyone remains fully dressed throughout .
everyone [stays] fully dressed throughout .

There are no test crashes done , either by Boeing or the FAA , so `` evacuation procedures '' are about the extent of the preparation -- which could help if the fuselage remains intact , but that is a big `` if . ''
there are no test crashes done , either by boeing or the faa , so `` evacuation procedures '' are about the extent of the preparation -- which could help if the fuselage [stays] intact , but that is a big `` if . ''

It said that while President Bill Clinton and French President Jacques Chirac had agreed to deny all but humanitarian aid to Yugoslavia while Milosevic remains in power , Japan opposes such a condition and has already pledged $ 200 million toward reconstruction .
it said that while president bill clinton and french president jacques chirac had agreed to deny all but humanitarian aid to yugoslavia while milosevic [stays] in power , japan opposes such a condition and has already pledged $ 200 million toward reconstruction .

The basic premise remains deliriously simple .
the basic premise [stays] deliriously simple .

That 's just one illustration of how the Net 's contributions to American Democracy remains nascent and hard to define .
that 's just one illustration of how the net 's contributions to american democracy [stays] nascent and hard to define .

How he would apply a Depression-era public jobs program to today 's roaring economy remains unclear .
how he would apply a depression-era public jobs program to today 's roaring economy [stays] unclear .

The problem remains : Do we , should we , bother with evaluative comparisons and contextualizations with an artist like Chris Ofili whose agenda seems to be anti-aesthetic , and whose context is much more the current sensations of pop music and fashion with which he vies in terms of energy and verve , than the old masters , the `` strong and durable '' art admired by Cézanne in the Louvre , and by many of us in the permanent collections of the Brooklyn Museum ?
the problem [stays] : do we , should we , bother with evaluative comparisons and contextualizations with an artist like chris ofili whose agenda seems to be anti-aesthetic , and whose context is much more the current sensations of pop music and fashion with which he vies in terms of energy and verve , than the old masters , the `` strong and durable '' art admired by cézanne in the louvre , and by many of us in the permanent collections of the brooklyn museum ?

Her style remains essentially that .
her style [stays] essentially that .

It added that Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak remains confident that the $ 500 million dollars of aid slated for this year will eventually be approved because `` Congressional Republicans say they do not object to the aid in principle -- it is merely a tool in their power struggle with the White House . ''
it added that israeli prime minister ehud barak [stays] confident that the $ 500 million dollars of aid slated for this year will eventually be approved because `` congressional republicans say they do not object to the aid in principle -- it is merely a tool in their power struggle with the white house . ''

Parvez 's wife remains a remote and unsympathetic figure , a woman whose lack of appreciation fully justifies his drift into the arms of another lover .
parvez 's wife [stays] a remote and unsympathetic figure , a woman whose lack of appreciation fully justifies his drift into the arms of another lover .

While the land mine has been proscribed by three-quarters of U.N. members ( not including Russia , China , India and -- most important -- the United States ) , Angola remains `` its macabre shop window , '' the paper said .
while the land mine has been proscribed by three-quarters of u.n. members ( not including russia , china , india and -- most important -- the united states ) , angola [stays] `` its macabre shop window , '' the paper said .

Which side will prevail on these matters remains to be seen .
which side will prevail on these matters [stays] to be seen .

The underlying struggle to shape the terms of the debate remains invisible to the media .
the underlying struggle to shape the terms of the debate [stays] invisible to the media .

Newsweek , the New York Times , the Los Angeles Times , and several TV pundits agreed that McCain remains formidable , was n't hurt by Ames , and may well end up as the principal alternative to Bush .
newsweek , the new york times , the los angeles times , and several tv pundits agreed that mccain [stays] formidable , was n't hurt by ames , and may well end up as the principal alternative to bush .

Whether the doctors ' latest prescription will cure their ills remains to be seen .
whether the doctors ' latest prescription will cure their ills [stays] to be seen .

He is a man of unflappable ignorance who , despite the round-the-clock presence of his librarian wife , remains all but illiterate. ``
he is a man of unflappable ignorance who , despite the round-the-clock presence of his librarian wife , [stays] all but illiterate. ``

The risk to the South Korean workers is reportedly `` negligible , '' but the condition of the 50 Japanese citizens who were exposed remains unclear .
the risk to the south korean workers is reportedly `` negligible , '' but the condition of the 50 japanese citizens who were exposed [stays] unclear .

Republican opponents say that without additional limits on labor unions ' political expenditures , the revised bill remains unfair .
republican opponents say that without additional limits on labor unions ' political expenditures , the revised bill [stays] unfair .

For all the changes that have taken place in recent years , yesterday 's arrests were a reminder of how far freedom of expression remains curtailed on the mainland . ''
for all the changes that have taken place in recent years , yesterday 's arrests were a reminder of how far freedom of expression [stays] curtailed on the mainland . ''

His press savvy , charm , and resolute courtship of the rich and powerful have ensured that he always remains plenty visible .
his press savvy , charm , and resolute courtship of the rich and powerful have ensured that he always [stays] plenty visible .

Weather remains very fair ; it 's already 66 degrees with light northeasterly winds ; barometer is holding steady ; and the seawater temperature is 65 degrees .
weather [stays] very fair ; it 's already 66 degrees with light northeasterly winds ; barometer is holding steady ; and the seawater temperature is 65 degrees .

It 's not as groundbreaking as 1994 's Crooked Rain , Crooked Rain , but it 's close : `` [ T ] he music is leaner and cleaner , with lunatic word play that remains an advanced course in pretzel logic '' ( Chris Nashawaty , Fortune ) .
it 's not as groundbreaking as 1994 's crooked rain , crooked rain , but it 's close : `` [ t ] he music is leaner and cleaner , with lunatic word play that [stays] an advanced course in pretzel logic '' ( chris nashawaty , fortune ) .

Even if he remains uncorrupted , the president will be immersed in the concerns only of the wealthy and will lose all feeling for the lives of everyone else .
even if he [stays] uncorrupted , the president will be immersed in the concerns only of the wealthy and will lose all feeling for the lives of everyone else .

The number of natural `` events '' nationwide and worldwide remains constant .
the number of natural `` events '' nationwide and worldwide [stays] constant .

Nearly a third of North Carolina remains shut down by flooding , and the state now faces water pollution due to animal carcasses and sewage .
nearly a third of north carolina [stays] shut down by flooding , and the state now faces water pollution due to animal carcasses and sewage .

His gorilla foster mother , Kala ( whose voice is provided by Glenn Close ) , remains on the scene after he reaches adulthood .
his gorilla foster mother , kala ( whose voice is provided by glenn close ) , [stays] on the scene after he reaches adulthood .

The impulse remains .
the impulse [stays] .

She buried his remains to spare her mother the gruesome sight .
she buried his [stays] to spare her mother the gruesome sight .

OK , that 's two things again , but the challenge remains : Which of these remarks refer to Sen. Bob Smith of New Hampshire , and which refer to Mr. Peanut ?
ok , that 's two things again , but the challenge [stays] : which of these remarks refer to sen. bob smith of new hampshire , and which refer to mr. peanut ?

To be sure , there remains the problem of many times larger soft money donations .
to be sure , there [stays] the problem of many times larger soft money donations .

The most vivid and enduring remains the image of Nixon as our national political villain .
the most vivid and enduring [stays] the image of nixon as our national political villain .

Besides , even more telling than the views of academics are the images of Nixon in popular culture , where he remains resentful , paranoid , and ruthlessly power-hungry .
besides , even more telling than the views of academics are the images of nixon in popular culture , where he [stays] resentful , paranoid , and ruthlessly power-hungry .

For now , that remains the most vivid and pervasive image of Richard Nixon in the American mind .
for now , that [stays] the most vivid and pervasive image of richard nixon in the american mind .

One fact remains above all others ; it was Jesse Tafero 's choice .
one fact [stays] above all others ; it was jesse tafero 's choice .

Some lawyers think that this may constitute a `` public display , '' similar to illegally publishing a copyrighted photograph in a newspaper , but this argument remains untested .
some lawyers think that this may constitute a `` public display , '' similar to illegally publishing a copyrighted photograph in a newspaper , but this argument [stays] untested .

TotalNEWS ' advertisement remains visible .
totalnews ' advertisement [stays] visible .

Indonesia watchers at the IMF believe that this `` civilian face/military fist '' strategy can succeed in Indonesia so long as the military remains united .
indonesia watchers at the imf believe that this `` civilian face/military fist '' strategy can succeed in indonesia so long as the military [stays] united .

We want them to live out their dreams , empowered with the tools they need to make the most of their lives and to build a future where America remains the world 's beacon of hope and freedom and opportunity .
we want them to live out their dreams , empowered with the tools they need to make the most of their lives and to build a future where america [stays] the world 's beacon of hope and freedom and opportunity .

As with most contemporary conspiracy stories , the source of this one remains elusive .
as with most contemporary conspiracy stories , the source of this one [stays] elusive .

The regional area of responsibility -- the Atlantic Ocean -- remains basically the same .
the regional area of responsibility -- the atlantic ocean -- [stays] basically the same .

Jesse Ventura , who has declined to run , and party founder Ross Perot , who remains a wildcard -- a celebrity , tycoon , or a commentator is likely to be chosen for his high name recognition .
jesse ventura , who has declined to run , and party founder ross perot , who [stays] a wildcard -- a celebrity , tycoon , or a commentator is likely to be chosen for his high name recognition .

Much of Japan 's industrial production remains concentrated in export industries , and a too-strong yen will hurt them .
much of japan 's industrial production [stays] concentrated in export industries , and a too-strong yen will hurt them .

Japan remains caught in a liquidity trap , which means that even though money is effectively free , people are not using it to invest or spend .
japan [stays] caught in a liquidity trap , which means that even though money is effectively free , people are not using it to invest or spend .

Mccain remains a genuine conservative , the farthest to the right of any of the other plausible candidates in the race ( a category that excludes the born-again Bible slinger Steve Forbes ) .
mccain [stays] a genuine conservative , the farthest to the right of any of the other plausible candidates in the race ( a category that excludes the born-again bible slinger steve forbes ) .

When she interviews shipbuilders losing their jobs , for instance , she shows how the old-fashioned pride in doing a good job remains even when the shipbuilders have come to the very end of their employment ; their craft pride transcends any whining about being capitalism 's victims .
when she interviews shipbuilders losing their jobs , for instance , she shows how the old-fashioned pride in doing a good job [stays] even when the shipbuilders have come to the very end of their employment ; their craft pride transcends any whining about being capitalism 's victims .

The point here remains sound -- the two-party system , perhaps the most stupid political structure ever conceived , is dead if you can convince people that Bush is a leftist and Clinton can still pass himself off as a liberal after pushing through NAFTA , GATT , and that rancid welfare-reform bill -- not to mention signing countless death warrants as governor of Arkansas .
the point here [stays] sound -- the two-party system , perhaps the most stupid political structure ever conceived , is dead if you can convince people that bush is a leftist and clinton can still pass himself off as a liberal after pushing through nafta , gatt , and that rancid welfare-reform bill -- not to mention signing countless death warrants as governor of arkansas .

It remains true that for many , if not most , Americans , the stock market is the Dow .
it [stays] true that for many , if not most , americans , the stock market is the dow .

Our linguistic use and preference vary slightly from person to person , so the system remains in motion .
our linguistic use and preference vary slightly from person to person , so the system [stays] in motion .

With these possible exceptions : 1 ) Clinton remains concerned about what he believes is Al Gore 's troubled campaign organization , and 2 ) For several months after the impeachment trial , an air of sadness hung over Clinton ( or so says one unnamed former adviser ) .
with these possible exceptions : 1 ) clinton [stays] concerned about what he believes is al gore 's troubled campaign organization , and 2 ) for several months after the impeachment trial , an air of sadness hung over clinton ( or so says one unnamed former adviser ) .

Selecting subjects for ongoing cellular phone studies is a challenge , since the highly exposed population remains relatively small , and many forms of cancer may take years to develop .
selecting subjects for ongoing cellular phone studies is a challenge , since the highly exposed population [stays] relatively small , and many forms of cancer may take years to develop .

With the one-two punch of items critical of Java in Shuman 's piece and James Surowiecki 's column , `` Culture Wars , '' I have to close my eyes and clap for Tinkerbell to believe that Slate remains independent and exercises untrammeled judgment on what points of view to present on issues directly affecting its parent corporation .
with the one-two punch of items critical of java in shuman 's piece and james surowiecki 's column , `` culture wars , '' i have to close my eyes and clap for tinkerbell to believe that slate [stays] independent and exercises untrammeled judgment on what points of view to present on issues directly affecting its parent corporation .

The assertion is that whether the transaction takes place or not , the amount of capital held between the buyer and seller remains constant .
the assertion is that whether the transaction takes place or not , the amount of capital held between the buyer and seller [stays] constant .

Krugman argues persuasively that the berry-based argument is irrelevant -- but the moral argument remains , nonetheless , quite cogent .
krugman argues persuasively that the berry-based argument is irrelevant -- but the moral argument [stays] , nonetheless , quite cogent .

I am sorry to say that the Dear Prudence column remains one I will not visit in the future and , I suspect , one that does not have the highest ratings among the Slate offerings .
i am sorry to say that the dear prudence column [stays] one i will not visit in the future and , i suspect , one that does not have the highest ratings among the slate offerings .

Today , 35 years after Wilson 's jibe , it remains the drab wallpaper of the book world .
today , 35 years after wilson 's jibe , it [stays] the drab wallpaper of the book world .

Opinions have shifted with the prevailing political and cultural winds , and the issue remains alive .
opinions have shifted with the prevailing political and cultural winds , and the issue [stays] alive .

She becomes a celebrity and achieves solidity , while Lee remains arrested -- chasing glassy-eyed supermodels and flaky twentysomething actresses .
she becomes a celebrity and achieves solidity , while lee [stays] arrested -- chasing glassy-eyed supermodels and flaky twentysomething actresses .

With all due respect to Blanchett , Bette Davis , and Glenda Jackson , my favorite Elizabeth I remains Miranda Richardson 's capricious , baby-talking psychopath on the BBC comedy Blackadder II .
with all due respect to blanchett , bette davis , and glenda jackson , my favorite elizabeth i [stays] miranda richardson 's capricious , baby-talking psychopath on the bbc comedy blackadder ii .

The stunt half-works , at least until he 's supposed to undergo an inner transformation and acquire human emotions -- whereupon his face remains just as blank .
the stunt half-works , at least until he 's supposed to undergo an inner transformation and acquire human emotions -- whereupon his face [stays] just as blank .

There is no one so dominant now , but Karajan remains the model for the hyperactive batons of Maazel , Barenboim , Zubin Mehta , Riccardo Muti , Seji Ozawa , and Claudio Abbado .
there is no one so dominant now , but karajan [stays] the model for the hyperactive batons of maazel , barenboim , zubin mehta , riccardo muti , seji ozawa , and claudio abbado .

Wolfe remains a flourishing one-man literary movement .
wolfe [stays] a flourishing one-man literary movement .

For some reason , A Man in Full , like Bonfire , remains sophisticated entertainment rather than literature .
for some reason , a man in full , like bonfire , [stays] sophisticated entertainment rather than literature .

At 76 , Hollings remains the caricature he has always been .
at 76 , hollings [stays] the caricature he has always been .

Turkey remains furious , and most Italian papers led Monday on negotiations being held with Russia that would allow Ocalan be extradited to Moscow , the city from which he was expelled to Rome without any warning to the Italian government .
turkey [stays] furious , and most italian papers led monday on negotiations being held with russia that would allow ocalan be extradited to moscow , the city from which he was expelled to rome without any warning to the italian government .

Critics agree that the novel lapses at times into `` breathless overwriting '' ( David Wiegland , the San Francisco Chronicle ) but remains `` a narrative of considerable ambition and complexity '' ( The New Yorker ) .
critics agree that the novel lapses at times into `` breathless overwriting '' ( david wiegland , the san francisco chronicle ) but [stays] `` a narrative of considerable ambition and complexity '' ( the new yorker ) .

In the absence of that , a woman 's promise to take charge of birth control and then not doing so remains the only form of monetary fraud Today 's Papers can think of that is not only not punished , but is in fact regularly rewarded .
in the absence of that , a woman 's promise to take charge of birth control and then not doing so [stays] the only form of monetary fraud today 's papers can think of that is not only not punished , but is in fact regularly rewarded .

It added that Germany remains exposed to `` the perpetual and human temptation of nationalism '' and has a duty to join in the commemoration .
it added that germany [stays] exposed to `` the perpetual and human temptation of nationalism '' and has a duty to join in the commemoration .

It remains , incidentally , the biggest hit ever written about a London banker who meets a hula-hula girl .
it [stays] , incidentally , the biggest hit ever written about a london banker who meets a hula-hula girl .

Analysts agreed that NATO is increasingly provoking the Serbs by helping Bosnian Serb President Biljana Plavsic wrest power from her predecessor , Radovan Karadzic , who remains the Serbs ' de facto leader .
analysts agreed that nato is increasingly provoking the serbs by helping bosnian serb president biljana plavsic wrest power from her predecessor , radovan karadzic , who [stays] the serbs ' de facto leader .

Other critics argued that if human-embryo cloning remains legal in the private sector but illegal in government-funded research , unsupervised quacks will control it .
other critics argued that if human-embryo cloning [stays] legal in the private sector but illegal in government-funded research , unsupervised quacks will control it .

Consumer Reports ranked it above even the vaunted Toyota Camry ( which slipped a bit , but remains 20 percent better than average ) .
consumer reports ranked it above even the vaunted toyota camry ( which slipped a bit , but [stays] 20 percent better than average ) .

A second issue : If Willey remains important , it 's hard to see why Kenneth Starr should n't try to get Isikoff 's testimony regarding what Steele told him .
a second issue : if willey [stays] important , it 's hard to see why kenneth starr should n't try to get isikoff 's testimony regarding what steele told him .

The question remains , of course , how ?
the question [stays] , of course , how ?

The level of Delta Force participation remains unknown .
the level of delta force participation [stays] unknown .

The paper cautions that it remains unclear whether China will recommit to cutting its tariffs to 10 percent and phasing out import restrictions in exchange for WTO membership .
the paper cautions that it [stays] unclear whether china will recommit to cutting its tariffs to 10 percent and phasing out import restrictions in exchange for wto membership .

It 's important to remember , of course , that not engaging in certain kinds of leisure activity ( read : exercise ) will also kill you ; heart disease remains the No .
it 's important to remember , of course , that not engaging in certain kinds of leisure activity ( read : exercise ) will also kill you ; heart disease [stays] the no .

The Nation remains above the Starr fray , barely acknowledging Washington goings-on .
the nation [stays] above the starr fray , barely acknowledging washington goings-on .

The novel `` reminds us that even in our own day , it remains , as Henry James said , a complex fate to be an American , '' says Malcolm Bradbury in the New York Times Book Review .
the novel `` reminds us that even in our own day , it [stays] , as henry james said , a complex fate to be an american , '' says malcolm bradbury in the new york times book review .

Praise also for Ozick 's relentless skepticism about modern urban life , which is said to be reminiscent of Bellow , `` a vision that is stark and unsparing but ... so intelligent ... it remains endearing , edifying , a spark of light in the gloom '' ( Richard Bernstein , the New York Times ) .
praise also for ozick 's relentless skepticism about modern urban life , which is said to be reminiscent of bellow , `` a vision that is stark and unsparing but ... so intelligent ... it [stays] endearing , edifying , a spark of light in the gloom '' ( richard bernstein , the new york times ) .

U.S. News remains wary , doubting the chances for a continuing , multidecade boom .
u.s. news [stays] wary , doubting the chances for a continuing , multidecade boom .

Eappen remains convinced of Woodward 's guilt , and is stunned at her negligible punishment .
eappen [stays] convinced of woodward 's guilt , and is stunned at her negligible punishment .

President Clinton has left for vacation and the American people may or may not be `` moving on , '' but Flytrap surely remains .
president clinton has left for vacation and the american people may or may not be `` moving on , '' but flytrap surely [stays] .

When I finally fled to the excellent , still younger internist who remains my doctor , he took me off the thyroid pills immediately , and the palpitations vanished .
when i finally fled to the excellent , still younger internist who [stays] my doctor , he took me off the thyroid pills immediately , and the palpitations vanished .

Years of self-destructive living have taken their toll , but he remains with us -- 60 years old , mumbling , shambling , drunk , stoned , and addled .
years of self-destructive living have taken their toll , but he [stays] with us -- 60 years old , mumbling , shambling , drunk , stoned , and addled .

Still , it is obviously a historic place , and not just because the famous exterior remains ( as do the mantelpieces , chandeliers , and paneling that were later reinstalled ) .
still , it is obviously a historic place , and not just because the famous exterior [stays] ( as do the mantelpieces , chandeliers , and paneling that were later reinstalled ) .

Today , despite his fame , he remains a startlingly humble man .
today , despite his fame , he [stays] a startlingly humble man .

Deputy Press Secretary Joe Lockhart , who will succeed McCurry as press secretary next month , remains behind .
deputy press secretary joe lockhart , who will succeed mccurry as press secretary next month , [stays] behind .

All that remains of them is Boogie Nights star Mark Wahlberg , a brother of one of the band members . )
all that [stays] of them is boogie nights star mark wahlberg , a brother of one of the band members . )

Although many of the sanctions have been lifted , inflation remains sky high .
although many of the sanctions have been lifted , inflation [stays] sky high .

The LAT and NYT fronts the pomp-filled reinterrment of the remains of 26 Confederate soldiers whose graves were recently found under a sports stadium in Charleston ( the WP puts the story inside ) .
the lat and nyt fronts the pomp-filled reinterrment of the [stays] of 26 confederate soldiers whose graves were recently found under a sports stadium in charleston ( the wp puts the story inside ) .

The cause of the crash remains unknown .
the cause of the crash [stays] unknown .

Insofar as he remains guided by a PC-centric definition of computing , it 's not clear whatever remedies he suggests will really conform to the way things are , rather than the way things were .
insofar as he [stays] guided by a pc-centric definition of computing , it 's not clear whatever remedies he suggests will really conform to the way things are , rather than the way things were .

It remains to be seen whether the kill vehicles will be able to withstand the shock loads of the booster rockets being designed to carry them into space .
it [stays] to be seen whether the kill vehicles will be able to withstand the shock loads of the booster rockets being designed to carry them into space .

We 've suggested that the scope of argument is narrower than I suspect it still remains in the United States ...
we 've suggested that the scope of argument is narrower than i suspect it still [stays] in the united states ...

He thinks racism remains pervasive and destructive , a truth that Bradley alone among this season 's presidential candidates seems comfortable uttering , and one that West has helped him articulate more pointedly .
he thinks racism [stays] pervasive and destructive , a truth that bradley alone among this season 's presidential candidates seems comfortable uttering , and one that west has helped him articulate more pointedly .

Politically sensitive officials , including those in the Clinton administration , may not want to publicize these encouraging statistics , because they also show that the black dependency rate , even at 7 percent , remains far higher than the white rate ( which is 1.1 percent ) .
politically sensitive officials , including those in the clinton administration , may not want to publicize these encouraging statistics , because they also show that the black dependency rate , even at 7 percent , [stays] far higher than the white rate ( which is 1.1 percent ) .

Agriculture and petroleum -- the area 's biggest industries -- are now beginning to recover , but the region 's estimated GDP remains lower than it was during Soviet rule .
agriculture and petroleum -- the area 's biggest industries -- are now beginning to recover , but the region 's estimated gdp [stays] lower than it was during soviet rule .

The two countries have observed a cease-fire since 1994 , but the territory 's future remains a central issue in Armenian politics .
the two countries have observed a cease-fire since 1994 , but the territory 's future [stays] a central issue in armenian politics .

Neslund took whatever secrets he had to the burn barrel two years later , when his wife shot him and torched his remains .
neslund took whatever secrets he had to the burn barrel two years later , when his wife shot him and torched his [stays] .

That litigation with Mother Teresa remains unresolved , although Microsoft 's lawyers believe our offer of free Flight Simulator TM software upgrades was more than generous .
that litigation with mother teresa [stays] unresolved , although microsoft 's lawyers believe our offer of free flight simulator tm software upgrades was more than generous .

Although it has n't dominated Seattle 's skyline since the '80s , when the economic boom sprouted a host of taller buildings , it remains the city 's symbol of progress .
although it has n't dominated seattle 's skyline since the '80s , when the economic boom sprouted a host of taller buildings , it [stays] the city 's symbol of progress .

Even Swan went to his pauper 's grave still hoping for a rail connection to Seattle , and Seattle remains Port Townsend 's undesignated home port .
even swan went to his pauper 's grave still hoping for a rail connection to seattle , and seattle [stays] port townsend 's undesignated home port .

County seat , business center , pulp manufacturer , log-shipping port , it remains stolidly practical , working class , and Democratic , and the recent closure of one of two large pulp mills has precipitated an identity crisis .
county seat , business center , pulp manufacturer , log-shipping port , it [stays] stolidly practical , working class , and democratic , and the recent closure of one of two large pulp mills has precipitated an identity crisis .

The kindly King Harald V of Norway visits every year or so to ensure that Ballard remains within the realm .
the kindly king harald v of norway visits every year or so to ensure that ballard [stays] within the realm .

Last July , a couple of locals found a skeleton along the Columbia River in Kennewick , Wash. Carbon-dating traced the remains of Kennewick Man to between 7265 and 7535 B.C .
last july , a couple of locals found a skeleton along the columbia river in kennewick , wash. carbon-dating traced the [stays] of kennewick man to between 7265 and 7535 b.c .

A 1983 examination of Harding 's remains , prepared as part of a lawsuit but never published , indicated that even a dozen years after leaving his job his bones showed uranium levels up to 133 times higher than normal .
a 1983 examination of harding 's [stays] , prepared as part of a lawsuit but never published , indicated that even a dozen years after leaving his job his bones showed uranium levels up to 133 times higher than normal .

In any case , my point remains : What 's the point of `` hate crime '' legislation other than to assuage liberals ?
in any case , my point [stays] : what 's the point of `` hate crime '' legislation other than to assuage liberals ?

In a later editorial , the New Republic proposed U.N. control , rightly pointing out that `` however problematic the U.N. remains politically , it ought to be able to function on a humanitarian level . ''
in a later editorial , the new republic proposed u.n. control , rightly pointing out that `` however problematic the u.n. [stays] politically , it ought to be able to function on a humanitarian level . ''

The remains of the czar and his family are set to be formally buried , with an official ceremony , July 17 in St. Petersburg .
the [stays] of the czar and his family are set to be formally buried , with an official ceremony , july 17 in st. petersburg .

Vehemently protesting the burial are , on one side , monarchists ( who severely doubt the authenticity of the remains ) and , on the other side , radical Communists ( who claim the Kremlin is `` reviving the ghost of tsarism -- because those in power have nothing to rely on '' ) .
vehemently protesting the burial are , on one side , monarchists ( who severely doubt the authenticity of the [stays] ) and , on the other side , radical communists ( who claim the kremlin is `` reviving the ghost of tsarism -- because those in power have nothing to rely on '' ) .

China remains `` an oppressive communist dictatorship , '' it said , and this stands in the way of a `` genuine '' partnership in any field besides trade and business . ''
china [stays] `` an oppressive communist dictatorship , '' it said , and this stands in the way of a `` genuine '' partnership in any field besides trade and business . ''

By the fifth iteration , all that remains is `` Wigenyeel ? ''
by the fifth iteration , all that [stays] is `` wigenyeel ? ''

That dignity has been much squandered by Clinton , but this is a chance for Starr to protect what remains .
that dignity has been much squandered by clinton , but this is a chance for starr to protect what [stays] .

Le Monde of Paris ran a front-page feature titled `` Bill Clinton , the 'Teflon President , ' `` attempting to explain why the president remains so popular despite all the bimbo eruptions .
le monde of paris ran a front-page feature titled `` bill clinton , the 'teflon president , ' `` attempting to explain why the president [stays] so popular despite all the bimbo eruptions .

Despite its importance , this subject remains taboo in European capitals , where nobody dares to utter the most relevant but most forbidden word of the moment -- the word 'federation . '
despite its importance , this subject [stays] taboo in european capitals , where nobody dares to utter the most relevant but most forbidden word of the moment -- the word 'federation . '

As Russia prepared for Friday 's controversial , low-key burial of Czar Nicholas II 's remains in St. Petersburg , the English-language St. Petersburg Times reported that `` as in life , so in death , Nicholas II has served only to divide Russia . ''
as russia prepared for friday 's controversial , low-key burial of czar nicholas ii 's [stays] in st. petersburg , the english-language st. petersburg times reported that `` as in life , so in death , nicholas ii has served only to divide russia . ''

It quoted a new opinion poll showing that only 47 percent of Russians believe that the remains , which a government commission has found to be those of the last czar , are in fact authentic .
it quoted a new opinion poll showing that only 47 percent of russians believe that the [stays] , which a government commission has found to be those of the last czar , are in fact authentic .

Even if Boris Yeltsin were to have a last-minute change of heart and decide to attend , despite the church 's refusal to accept the authenticity of the remains , the damage has already been done , the editorial said , and `` [ a ] historical occasion which at the very least deserved both gravity and grace has been irrevocably reduced to pure spectacle . ''
even if boris yeltsin were to have a last-minute change of heart and decide to attend , despite the church 's refusal to accept the authenticity of the [stays] , the damage has already been done , the editorial said , and `` [ a ] historical occasion which at the very least deserved both gravity and grace has been irrevocably reduced to pure spectacle . ''

The endless `` mood monitoring '' of the people and their president has revealed a `` swirl of conflicting feelings , '' but the end product is the `` [ s ] ame as it was when the whole thing started : Mr. Clinton remains the President and the citizens remain guardedly content to keep him there . ''
the endless `` mood monitoring '' of the people and their president has revealed a `` swirl of conflicting feelings , '' but the end product is the `` [ s ] ame as it was when the whole thing started : mr. clinton [stays] the president and the citizens remain guardedly content to keep him there . ''

The London Evening Standard said in an editorial that `` no reasonable person could feel any personal animus against Emperor Akihito '' but that `` most Londoners will feel little reason to celebrate , '' because `` the rising sun flag remains , for much of the world , a symbol of terror and shame . ''
the london evening standard said in an editorial that `` no reasonable person could feel any personal animus against emperor akihito '' but that `` most londoners will feel little reason to celebrate , '' because `` the rising sun flag [stays] , for much of the world , a symbol of terror and shame . ''

In any case , since Clinton 's presidential approval rating remains barely dented by the Kenneth Starr investigation , it is nonsense to suggest he needed a cruise missile strike against terrorists to enhance it . ''
in any case , since clinton 's presidential approval rating [stays] barely dented by the kenneth starr investigation , it is nonsense to suggest he needed a cruise missile strike against terrorists to enhance it . ''

It is worth reminding him that Ulster is , and remains , part of the United Kingdom and , as such , is part of a developed democracy . ''
it is worth reminding him that ulster is , and [stays] , part of the united kingdom and , as such , is part of a developed democracy . ''

Arlington contains the remains of 240,000 dead .
arlington contains the [stays] of 240,000 dead .

It also contains several monuments , including the Tomb of the Unknowns and the Tomb of the Unknown Dead from the Civil War , the latter a granite tomb that holds the remains of 2,111 Civil War soldiers .
it also contains several monuments , including the tomb of the unknowns and the tomb of the unknown dead from the civil war , the latter a granite tomb that holds the [stays] of 2,111 civil war soldiers .

Although Arlington remains the prestigious address , any veteran with an honorable discharge automatically qualifies for burial -- with military honors -- in one of the nation 's veterans cemeteries .
although arlington [stays] the prestigious address , any veteran with an honorable discharge automatically qualifies for burial -- with military honors -- in one of the nation 's veterans cemeteries .

There is plenty of room for cremains : Arlington added a columbarium in 1980 ; it accepts the cremated remains of any veteran who received an honorable discharge .
there is plenty of room for cremains : arlington added a columbarium in 1980 ; it accepts the cremated [stays] of any veteran who received an honorable discharge .

The St. Petersburg Times of Russia reported plans by left-wing groups to disrupt the planned summer burial of the remains -- of Czar Nicholas II ; his wife , Alexandra ; three of their five children ; and four of their servants -- discovered near Yekaterinburg in 1991 .
the st. petersburg times of russia reported plans by left-wing groups to disrupt the planned summer burial of the [stays] -- of czar nicholas ii ; his wife , alexandra ; three of their five children ; and four of their servants -- discovered near yekaterinburg in 1991 .

Despite continuing argument about the authenticity of the remains , the government had made `` a final decision '' to have a state funeral ( complete with a military guard saluting the cortege along its route ) in St. Petersburg July 17 .
despite continuing argument about the authenticity of the [stays] , the government had made `` a final decision '' to have a state funeral ( complete with a military guard saluting the cortege along its route ) in st. petersburg july 17 .

In another front page piece , titled `` Clinton the African , '' Le Monde put a positive spin on the president 's African tour , saying 1 ) the United States finally appreciates Africa 's potential economic importance and 2 ) `` what remains to be done by President Clinton 's administration is to persuade American investors , too , to dip their toes into Africa . ''
in another front page piece , titled `` clinton the african , '' le monde put a positive spin on the president 's african tour , saying 1 ) the united states finally appreciates africa 's potential economic importance and 2 ) `` what [stays] to be done by president clinton 's administration is to persuade american investors , too , to dip their toes into africa . ''

So the question that the Clinton health care reforms at least raised -- What to add to the marketplace to ensure availability ? -- remains in need of an answer .
so the question that the clinton health care reforms at least raised -- what to add to the marketplace to ensure availability ? -- [stays] in need of an answer .

The question about such `` day after '' stock market stories remains : `` Why give them so much space ? ''
the question about such `` day after '' stock market stories [stays] : `` why give them so much space ? ''

The Post abortion story ( played inside by the NYT ) reports that despite a rate drop of 20 percent since 1980 , abortion remains a common American experience -- about half of all American women eventually get one .
the post abortion story ( played inside by the nyt ) reports that despite a rate drop of 20 percent since 1980 , abortion [stays] a common american experience -- about half of all american women eventually get one .

Both the New York Times and Washington Post quote Rep. Dan Burton 's comment that `` The question is : Will the American people have confidence that no cover-up is going on ? ..As a result of today 's announcement , the answer remains , 'no . ' ''
both the new york times and washington post quote rep. dan burton 's comment that `` the question is : will the american people have confidence that no cover-up is going on ? ..as a result of today 's announcement , the answer [stays] , 'no . ' ''

The WP leaves to the very last paragraph of the story this fact : `` Family structure remains a critical predictor of who will live in poverty , with rates among single mothers dramatically higher , at 32.6 percent , than married couples , at 5.6 percent . ''
the wp leaves to the very last paragraph of the story this fact : `` family structure [stays] a critical predictor of who will live in poverty , with rates among single mothers dramatically higher , at 32.6 percent , than married couples , at 5.6 percent . ''

Of course , a question remains for women that no amount of science will ever overcome : `` Can you believe the guy when he says he took it ? ''
of course , a question [stays] for women that no amount of science will ever overcome : `` can you believe the guy when he says he took it ? ''

The Washington Post adds some political reasons : President Clinton briefly interrupted a speech he was giving on education to reaffirm his faith in the strength and soundness of the economy , and the Labor Department issued a report about worker wages that indicates inflation remains under control .
the washington post adds some political reasons : president clinton briefly interrupted a speech he was giving on education to reaffirm his faith in the strength and soundness of the economy , and the labor department issued a report about worker wages that indicates inflation [stays] under control .

I 'd say this was astonishing , except for the fact that selective disclosure remains a painfully common practice .
i 'd say this was astonishing , except for the fact that selective disclosure [stays] a painfully common practice .

Pecker might also have noted that the editorial integrity of the Weekly World News remains largely unmolested ( though Chatterbox did point out , earlier , a bizarre feint in the direction of respectability in the Weekly World News ' coverage of the imminent apocalypse ) .
pecker might also have noted that the editorial integrity of the weekly world news [stays] largely unmolested ( though chatterbox did point out , earlier , a bizarre feint in the direction of respectability in the weekly world news ' coverage of the imminent apocalypse ) .

Even with the erosion in popularity of broadcast television , NBC remains a real catch .
even with the erosion in popularity of broadcast television , nbc [stays] a real catch .

While the company was hurt when it lost the NFL and had to pay through the nose to keep ER and Friends , it remains the most profitable broadcast network , its cable properties are booming , and even its Internet strategy appears to be taking off .
while the company was hurt when it lost the nfl and had to pay through the nose to keep er and friends , it [stays] the most profitable broadcast network , its cable properties are booming , and even its internet strategy appears to be taking off .

This remains a piece of nonfiction , and it 's a handy reference point for anyone who wants to argue that the recent ascendance of the memoir has n't wiped out artful , ambitious writing .
this [stays] a piece of nonfiction , and it 's a handy reference point for anyone who wants to argue that the recent ascendance of the memoir has n't wiped out artful , ambitious writing .

McPhee 's influence may have narrowed since his heyday , but he remains the ultimate writer 's writer .
mcphee 's influence may have narrowed since his heyday , but he [stays] the ultimate writer 's writer .

He is so frozen inside that he remains completely detached from the occasional woman on board who attracts him :
he is so frozen inside that he [stays] completely detached from the occasional woman on board who attracts him :

The Darwinian advantage of having a shorter head , if any , remains unknown .
the darwinian advantage of having a shorter head , if any , [stays] unknown .

Four decades later , Penderecki has joined the ranks of those who renounce the achievements of his generation ; Berio remains unabashedly highbrow and staunchly atonal , a true avant-gardist .
four decades later , penderecki has joined the ranks of those who renounce the achievements of his generation ; berio [stays] unabashedly highbrow and staunchly atonal , a true avant-gardist .

The father remains common .
the father [stays] common .

She , like him , is denied wholeness by her downwardly mobile lot and remains fluttery and distracted almost to the last , when she has the moment of clarity her son has dreaded .
she , like him , is denied wholeness by her downwardly mobile lot and [stays] fluttery and distracted almost to the last , when she has the moment of clarity her son has dreaded .

In Boyhood , as in his other work , astringence remains his first principle .
in boyhood , as in his other work , astringence [stays] his first principle .

Karl Blossfeldt ( 1865-1932 ) remains unrivaled for his close-up depictions of the architectural forms of plant life .
karl blossfeldt ( 1865-1932 ) [stays] unrivaled for his close-up depictions of the architectural forms of plant life .

Much remains to be done to create what Jefferson wrongly perceived as impossible : an America with blacks and whites -- and others as well -- living in a state of equal freedom under the same government .
much [stays] to be done to create what jefferson wrongly perceived as impossible : an america with blacks and whites -- and others as well -- living in a state of equal freedom under the same government .

The remarkable fact is that his numbers have proven to be so robust and that the archive he assembled -- of sexual history and sundry other material -- remains unrivaled .
the remarkable fact is that his numbers have proven to be so robust and that the archive he assembled -- of sexual history and sundry other material -- [stays] unrivaled .

Only John Grisham , the third in the troika of leading airport-bookstore brand names , remains mysterious .
only john grisham , the third in the troika of leading airport-bookstore brand names , [stays] mysterious .

In his second week as press scourge , Steve Brill remains a hot topic .
in his second week as press scourge , steve brill [stays] a hot topic .

The school of medicine has stated that `` in the future no student workers will work with cadavers or disintegrated anatomical remains .
the school of medicine has stated that `` in the future no student workers will work with cadavers or disintegrated anatomical [stays] .

Further , we will no longer physically alter anatomical remains . ''
further , we will no longer physically alter anatomical [stays] . ''

SIU says the new policy is more respectful of people who have donated their remains to the cause of science .
siu says the new policy is more respectful of people who have donated their [stays] to the cause of science .

Element 110 remains under dispute .
element 110 [stays] under dispute .

Policy toward China remains the most difficult and divisive aspect of U.S. foreign relations .
policy toward china [stays] the most difficult and divisive aspect of u.s. foreign relations .

Middle-of-the-roaders Evan Thomas ( Inside Washington ) and Al Hunt ( CNN 's Capital Gang ) agree that Willey 's story remains convincing but see some truth in anti-Willeyism : There `` are no clean test-tubes '' in this scandal , says Thomas .
middle-of-the-roaders evan thomas ( inside washington ) and al hunt ( cnn 's capital gang ) agree that willey 's story [stays] convincing but see some truth in anti-willeyism : there `` are no clean test-tubes '' in this scandal , says thomas .

Harvard remains unable to choose a senior scholar to fill a new chair in Holocaust studies , and has deferred a decision until the fall of 1998 .
harvard [stays] unable to choose a senior scholar to fill a new chair in holocaust studies , and has deferred a decision until the fall of 1998 .

Black-and-white footage invokes a past that , thanks to the image of a man who remains a compelling symbol of hope , is not passé .
black-and-white footage invokes a past that , thanks to the image of a man who [stays] a compelling symbol of hope , is not passé .

For most viewers , the varnish remains .
for most viewers , the varnish [stays] .

Nevertheless , and despite his reputation as a moderate liberal , Khatami , the son of an ayatollah , remains a product of Iran 's Shiite Muslim clerical establishment .
nevertheless , and despite his reputation as a moderate liberal , khatami , the son of an ayatollah , [stays] a product of iran 's shiite muslim clerical establishment .

Khatami 's statements reflect a recognition that foreign policy remains the domain of Khamenei .
khatami 's statements reflect a recognition that foreign policy [stays] the domain of khamenei .

The United States remains `` the envy of the Japanese and Europeans , '' said Hunt .
the united states [stays] `` the envy of the japanese and europeans , '' said hunt .

Fargo 's Oscar success notwithstanding , Miller 's Crossing remains the Coen 's best offering .
fargo 's oscar success notwithstanding , miller 's crossing [stays] the coen 's best offering .

The case was thrown out a few years back , but the question remains : What if these so-called repressed memories are simply the product of the power of psychoanalytic persuasion ?
the case was thrown out a few years back , but the question [stays] : what if these so-called repressed memories are simply the product of the power of psychoanalytic persuasion ?

This is not because the notices have been uniformly glowing -- it 's been some time since a Scorsese picture won unanimous praise from reviewers -- but because Scorsese remains , almost uniquely among American directors , an embodiment of the beleaguered idea that filmmaking , and therefore film criticism , can be a serious , important , life-and-death matter .
this is not because the notices have been uniformly glowing -- it 's been some time since a scorsese picture won unanimous praise from reviewers -- but because scorsese [stays] , almost uniquely among american directors , an embodiment of the beleaguered idea that filmmaking , and therefore film criticism , can be a serious , important , life-and-death matter .

It remains exceedingly hard to watch , not so much because of the repulsiveness of De Niro 's Jake La Motta as because of its overall sense of aesthetic claustrophobia .
it [stays] exceedingly hard to watch , not so much because of the repulsiveness of de niro 's jake la motta as because of its overall sense of aesthetic claustrophobia .

The Honolulu suspect has been arrested , while the Seattle shooter remains at large .
the honolulu suspect has been arrested , while the seattle shooter [stays] at large .

The culprit is indoor air , which is filled with dust mites , cigarette smoke , cockroach remains , and pet dander .
the culprit is indoor air , which is filled with dust mites , cigarette smoke , cockroach [stays] , and pet dander .

Many others were exposed to the toxic , radioactive remains of exploded shells .
many others were exposed to the toxic , radioactive [stays] of exploded shells .

A spooky photo of TWA Flight 800 's reconstructed remains , which have been pieced together in a New York airplane hangar .
a spooky photo of twa flight 800 's reconstructed [stays] , which have been pieced together in a new york airplane hangar .

The New Yorker puzzles over Stern 's psyche : His program is pure id -- vile , cruel , crude -- yet he remains a faithful husband and devoted father .
the new yorker puzzles over stern 's psyche : his program is pure id -- vile , cruel , crude -- yet he [stays] a faithful husband and devoted father .

Is it just `` Today 's Papers '' that wonders how it can be that witness testimony before just about any federal grand jury is on the front page in twenty-four hours and yet a sitcom plot remains a state secret ?
is it just `` today 's papers '' that wonders how it can be that witness testimony before just about any federal grand jury is on the front page in twenty-four hours and yet a sitcom plot [stays] a state secret ?

The WP reports that a cable-funded three-year study of television violence billed as the largest ever concludes that `` glamorized '' violence -- where physical and mental consequences are not depicted , the kind considered most harmful to viewers -- remains rampant , despite Industry promises to address the problem .
the wp reports that a cable-funded three-year study of television violence billed as the largest ever concludes that `` glamorized '' violence -- where physical and mental consequences are not depicted , the kind considered most harmful to viewers -- [stays] rampant , despite industry promises to address the problem .

It remains curious to `` Today 's Papers '' however , that plays and books ( and string quartets ) can win journalism 's most esteemed prize , but magazines can not .
it [stays] curious to `` today 's papers '' however , that plays and books ( and string quartets ) can win journalism 's most esteemed prize , but magazines can not .

Once the techniques of viewing are mastered , there remains a major step : analysis .
once the techniques of viewing are mastered , there [stays] a major step : analysis .

The wizard behind these Oz-like wonders remains elusive -- we do n't even know what year Mathew Brady was born , though 1823 is the usual guess .
the wizard behind these oz-like wonders [stays] elusive -- we do n't even know what year mathew brady was born , though 1823 is the usual guess .

Whatever wildness remains in this toyshop West -- as innocent of political engagement as a child 's playroom floor -- derives from a visual imagination stocked with '50s movies and a reckless willingness to play these overexposed scenes straight , with neither irony nor commentary .
whatever wildness [stays] in this toyshop west -- as innocent of political engagement as a child 's playroom floor -- derives from a visual imagination stocked with '50s movies and a reckless willingness to play these overexposed scenes straight , with neither irony nor commentary .

Paternity remains contested : Some credit Dallas Cowboy Emmitt Smith with the first Roof-Raising , in the 1996 Super Bowl .
paternity [stays] contested : some credit dallas cowboy emmitt smith with the first roof-raising , in the 1996 super bowl .

The Wave remains popular , though not as controversial as ...
the wave [stays] popular , though not as controversial as ...

For example , in the film , Hustler 's staff remains more or less constant -- whereas , in reality , the masthead was constantly changing .
for example , in the film , hustler 's staff [stays] more or less constant -- whereas , in reality , the masthead was constantly changing .

This is a cheerful thought , but it also means that invoking covert productivity increases does n't help explain why even measured inflation remains quiescent .
this is a cheerful thought , but it also means that invoking covert productivity increases does n't help explain why even measured inflation [stays] quiescent .

The dilemma Loury identified so clearly 22 years ago remains not only unresolved but also unconfronted .
the dilemma loury identified so clearly 22 years ago [stays] not only unresolved but also unconfronted .

To me , this looks like nearly picture-perfect central banking , especially since the U.S. economy continues to grow at a fast pace , unemployment continues to shrink , and inflation at the consumer level remains in check .
to me , this looks like nearly picture-perfect central banking , especially since the u.s. economy continues to grow at a fast pace , unemployment continues to shrink , and inflation at the consumer level [stays] in check .

I also mean that the most important driver of non-inflationary growth -- business productivity -- remains something of a mystery to economists .
i also mean that the most important driver of non-inflationary growth -- business productivity -- [stays] something of a mystery to economists .

Productivity growth remains very strong , at 4.1 percent in the most recent quarter , though the rate of that growth has slowed slightly ( very slightly ) .
productivity growth [stays] very strong , at 4.1 percent in the most recent quarter , though the rate of that growth has slowed slightly ( very slightly ) .

The question of why Disney 's movie eliminated Bogdanich from its narrative remains an intriguing one .
the question of why disney 's movie eliminated bogdanich from its narrative [stays] an intriguing one .

Rather than presenting his case to the reader , Walsh remains obsessed with the minutiae of what went wrong when he tried to make his case in court .
rather than presenting his case to the reader , walsh [stays] obsessed with the minutiae of what went wrong when he tried to make his case in court .

Mavis Gallant is one of those strangely positioned writers whose fans rank her near the top of the literary ladder but who remains , to the rest of the world , not much more than a name .
mavis gallant is one of those strangely positioned writers whose fans rank her near the top of the literary ladder but who [stays] , to the rest of the world , not much more than a name .

The answer , which occupies three chapters of the book , is `` packet switching , '' and it remains the core of today 's Internet .
the answer , which occupies three chapters of the book , is `` packet switching , '' and it [stays] the core of today 's internet .

That story remains to be told .
that story [stays] to be told .

He remains the American right 's best evidence that a first-rate intellect ( and he was that ) could see the world in the black-and-white terms the right has long favored .
he [stays] the american right 's best evidence that a first-rate intellect ( and he was that ) could see the world in the black-and-white terms the right has long favored .

It remains the Jews , in the accounts of Jesus/Mailer , who are guilty of crucifying the innocent Galilean prophet -- a fiction that has had an incomparably damaging historical effect , and which is both the origin and supposed justification of European anti-Semitism .
it [stays] the jews , in the accounts of jesus/mailer , who are guilty of crucifying the innocent galilean prophet -- a fiction that has had an incomparably damaging historical effect , and which is both the origin and supposed justification of european anti-semitism .

At 43 , Bunt remains a toddler in his mother 's eyes , and he too is disturbingly comfortable in the relationship .
at 43 , bunt [stays] a toddler in his mother 's eyes , and he too is disturbingly comfortable in the relationship .

It was the first majority-white city in the South to elect a black mayor ( twice-failed Senate aspirant Harvey Gantt ) , and remains committed to school integration -- even as whites in other cities have flocked to private `` seg academies . ''
it was the first majority-white city in the south to elect a black mayor ( twice-failed senate aspirant harvey gantt ) , and [stays] committed to school integration -- even as whites in other cities have flocked to private `` seg academies . ''

It remains a far cry from Topeka .
it [stays] a far cry from topeka .

The motive factor remains elusive .
the motive factor [stays] elusive .

He was one of the towering figures of Victorian Britain and remains a force -- he 's a darling of the Labor Party and the academic left -- in its intellectual and political life .
he was one of the towering figures of victorian britain and [stays] a force -- he 's a darling of the labor party and the academic left -- in its intellectual and political life .

The company showed strong growth in its wireless business , which remains one of the hottest sectors around , and it issued a bullish forecast for the coming year .
the company showed strong growth in its wireless business , which [stays] one of the hottest sectors around , and it issued a bullish forecast for the coming year .

If he withholds his opinion and remains opaque on the issue -- as the LAT reports he has -- Bush risks the accusation that he 's incapable of making tough decisions .
if he withholds his opinion and [stays] opaque on the issue -- as the lat reports he has -- bush risks the accusation that he 's incapable of making tough decisions .

Stated otherwise , the task that I think remains is to translate the language and sentiments of those within the Internet culture so that their positions can be better understood by those of us who do not yet understand what is so distinctive and special about the Net .
stated otherwise , the task that i think [stays] is to translate the language and sentiments of those within the internet culture so that their positions can be better understood by those of us who do not yet understand what is so distinctive and special about the net .

While discussion of the Net remains swamped with hype and buzzwords , there clearly are companies , like Yahoo and AOL and eBay , that demonstrate that you can take advantage of that opportunity and still make a profit .
while discussion of the net [stays] swamped with hype and buzzwords , there clearly are companies , like yahoo and aol and ebay , that demonstrate that you can take advantage of that opportunity and still make a profit .

Under snow , its classical shapes -- domes and pediments , octagons and pyramids -- are linked in a geometry that remains generally pure , thanks to the speed with which government shuts down at the first sight of falling flakes . ''
under snow , its classical shapes -- domes and pediments , octagons and pyramids -- are linked in a geometry that [stays] generally pure , thanks to the speed with which government shuts down at the first sight of falling flakes . ''

Other than the need to take turns sitting next to him , McCain 's relationship with the press remains remarkably similar to the one I wrote about during his announcement tour last fall .
other than the need to take turns sitting next to him , mccain 's relationship with the press [stays] remarkably similar to the one i wrote about during his announcement tour last fall .

It remains low-key , free form and fun as hell .
it [stays] low-key , free form and fun as hell .

The good news : growth remains impressive .
the good news : growth [stays] impressive .

There still remains the older public road for those who do not want to go along the private road .
there still [stays] the older public road for those who do not want to go along the private road .

While an internal CDU audit has now uncovered $ 6.3 million worth of undisclosed contributions between 1989 and 1998 , much of the money trail remains obscured by secret bank accounts .
while an internal cdu audit has now uncovered $ 6.3 million worth of undisclosed contributions between 1989 and 1998 , much of the money trail [stays] obscured by secret bank accounts .

The company is generating huge amounts of free cash flow every year , its return on invested capital is only going to rise in the future , its subscriber growth remains startling , and switching costs for Internet subscribers are actually higher than people imagine .
the company is generating huge amounts of free cash flow every year , its return on invested capital is only going to rise in the future , its subscriber growth [stays] startling , and switching costs for internet subscribers are actually higher than people imagine .

This is a phenomenon that could only have happened in the age of the videocassette recorder , but even so it remains an anomaly in the world of pop culture .
this is a phenomenon that could only have happened in the age of the videocassette recorder , but even so it [stays] an anomaly in the world of pop culture .

The longer abortion remains legal , the more people read about casual abortions , the more they forget how gory and repugnant abortion was when it was illegal .
the longer abortion [stays] legal , the more people read about casual abortions , the more they forget how gory and repugnant abortion was when it was illegal .

Today , feminism remains a bad word , but Republicans have adjusted their philosophy of motherhood to accommodate women 's political power ( hence their attention to `` soccer moms '' ) .
today , feminism [stays] a bad word , but republicans have adjusted their philosophy of motherhood to accommodate women 's political power ( hence their attention to `` soccer moms '' ) .

How all this is really relevant to Daimler-Benz remains somewhat unclear .
how all this is really relevant to daimler-benz [stays] somewhat unclear .

The addition of Chrysler may help change that approach , but how remains to be seen .
the addition of chrysler may help change that approach , but how [stays] to be seen .

To all outward appearances , Disney remains among the strongest companies on the planet .
to all outward appearances , disney [stays] among the strongest companies on the planet .

Still a larger question remains : Why do n't companies ever quit while they 're ahead ?
still a larger question [stays] : why do n't companies ever quit while they 're ahead ?

The company is now hiring back a hundred or so claims agents to speed up processing , but it remains unclear how much long-term damage was done , in terms of alienated clients and health-care providers and of the months that Aetna has spent essentially flying blind .
the company is now hiring back a hundred or so claims agents to speed up processing , but it [stays] unclear how much long-term damage was done , in terms of alienated clients and health-care providers and of the months that aetna has spent essentially flying blind .

There remains a great deal of skepticism in the media about whether Viacom can get its price , but S & S 's educational and professional divisions are the largest in the world , and the divisions have done adequately under a company for which they were but an afterthought .
there [stays] a great deal of skepticism in the media about whether viacom can get its price , but s & s 's educational and professional divisions are the largest in the world , and the divisions have done adequately under a company for which they were but an afterthought .

The experiment , halted only after exposure by journalists , remains a textbook example of unethical , racist research .
the experiment , halted only after exposure by journalists , [stays] a textbook example of unethical , racist research .

SIDS is not really a disease but rather the name we 've given to one of the great medical mysteries of our time : Any sudden infant death that remains unexplained after a complete post-mortem investigation is defined as SIDS .
sids is not really a disease but rather the name we 've given to one of the great medical mysteries of our time : any sudden infant death that [stays] unexplained after a complete post-mortem investigation is defined as sids .

The NTSB remains in charge of the EgyptAir Flight 990 investigation .
the ntsb [stays] in charge of the egyptair flight 990 investigation .

Strategically , few dispute the merits of perfecting `` theater '' defenses , such as the upgraded Patriot missile to swat down low-flying shorter-range missiles on overseas battlefields , but the genuine operational need for a missile defense system for the U.S. homeland remains a much-gnawed bone of contention .
strategically , few dispute the merits of perfecting `` theater '' defenses , such as the upgraded patriot missile to swat down low-flying shorter-range missiles on overseas battlefields , but the genuine operational need for a missile defense system for the u.s. homeland [stays] a much-gnawed bone of contention .

Over $ 100 billion in current dollars has been spent on missile defense since the early '60s , but the task of hitting a hypersonic bullet with a bullet remains a ticklish one .
over $ 100 billion in current dollars has been spent on missile defense since the early '60s , but the task of hitting a hypersonic bullet with a bullet [stays] a ticklish one .

He said walking through the Brandenburg Gate in 1993 `` remains with me as an unforgettable memory . ''
he said walking through the brandenburg gate in 1993 `` [stays] with me as an unforgettable memory . ''

The Guardian of London said in an editorial that Russia 's allowing a `` token '' visit by a representative of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) to the embattled republic `` will do nothing to halt the gut-wrenching mayhem in Chechnya , where there remains no prospect of a ceasefire or even of a de-escalation . ''
the guardian of london said in an editorial that russia 's allowing a `` token '' visit by a representative of the organization for security and cooperation in europe ( osce ) to the embattled republic `` will do nothing to halt the gut-wrenching mayhem in chechnya , where there [stays] no prospect of a ceasefire or even of a de-escalation . ''

The Mars cover package says that if the probes landing this week find frozen surface water , it could indicate that liquid water remains in the planet 's warmer interior and that life could exist there .
the mars cover package says that if the probes landing this week find frozen surface water , it could indicate that liquid water [stays] in the planet 's warmer interior and that life could exist there .

A sidebar notes that controversy remains over the Mars meteorite that crashed into Antarctica about 11,000 years ago : While scientists have demolished most of the evidence that the meteorite contained living creatures , they can not explain why the meteorite contains a molecule that on Earth is only produced by biological processes .
a sidebar notes that controversy [stays] over the mars meteorite that crashed into antarctica about 11,000 years ago : while scientists have demolished most of the evidence that the meteorite contained living creatures , they can not explain why the meteorite contains a molecule that on earth is only produced by biological processes .

Near as I can tell , e-mail service to the quiz remains shaky , but many amusing responses about President Carter and that attack rabbit are just now trickling in , so look for those tomorrow .
near as i can tell , e-mail service to the quiz [stays] shaky , but many amusing responses about president carter and that attack rabbit are just now trickling in , so look for those tomorrow .

Despite the generous spiritedness of News Quiz participants , Trump remains the perfect Molière fool , supremely confident of his splendor , supremely unaware that to everyone else he 's a cartoon , Le Bourgeois Gentilhomme with a bad haircut .
despite the generous spiritedness of news quiz participants , trump [stays] the perfect molière fool , supremely confident of his splendor , supremely unaware that to everyone else he 's a cartoon , le bourgeois gentilhomme with a bad haircut .

Much research remains to be done , and is being done , and will be done .
much research [stays] to be done , and is being done , and will be done .

Because , despite its monopoly power , Microsoft remains subject to the laws of the marketplace .
because , despite its monopoly power , microsoft [stays] subject to the laws of the marketplace .

A city that falls into either category ( for whatever random reasons ) remains there indefinitely .
a city that falls into either category ( for whatever random reasons ) [stays] there indefinitely .

Even so , the fact remains that this unprecedentedly strong form of global arms control -- the sort of thing peacenik hippies could only dream about a decade ago -- now commands mainstream support : all Senate Democrats , around half of all Senate Republicans , Presidents Clinton , Carter , Ford , and Bush ( and , for all we know , Reagan ) .
even so , the fact [stays] that this unprecedentedly strong form of global arms control -- the sort of thing peacenik hippies could only dream about a decade ago -- now commands mainstream support : all senate democrats , around half of all senate republicans , presidents clinton , carter , ford , and bush ( and , for all we know , reagan ) .

We 're more docile now , but the threat of revolution -- or at least mass dissatisfaction -- remains an important force for good .
we 're more docile now , but the threat of revolution -- or at least mass dissatisfaction -- [stays] an important force for good .

When Rich celebrated the 1992 season , he qualified his enthusiasm for the shows by adding , `` As a business Broadway remains , more unhealthily and nervously than ever , the oldest floating crap game in New York . ''
when rich celebrated the 1992 season , he qualified his enthusiasm for the shows by adding , `` as a business broadway [stays] , more unhealthily and nervously than ever , the oldest floating crap game in new york . ''

This goal remains as elusive today as it was during King 's lifetime .
this goal [stays] as elusive today as it was during king 's lifetime .

As long as Amazon itself remains independent and holds a substantial market share , at least a part of the problem remains .
as long as amazon itself [stays] independent and holds a substantial market share , at least a part of the problem [stays] .

HIV remains a stealthy foe : It can take refuge in body tissues ( as opposed to blood ) , where the drugs have a harder time reaching .
hiv [stays] a stealthy foe : it can take refuge in body tissues ( as opposed to blood ) , where the drugs have a harder time reaching .

Tops on my list of Pieces I 'd Like To Read remains a solid analysis of the scope and specific dangers of day trading , and how it compares to more conventional forms of extracurricular investing .
tops on my list of pieces i 'd like to read [stays] a solid analysis of the scope and specific dangers of day trading , and how it compares to more conventional forms of extracurricular investing .

Far , this remains a theory .
far , this [stays] a theory .

Washington may be the spawning ground of talking heads and the prime target of right-wing talk radio , but when it comes to magazines , D.C. remains a no-talking zone .
washington may be the spawning ground of talking heads and the prime target of right-wing talk radio , but when it comes to magazines , d.c. [stays] a no-talking zone .

Conscription remains mandatory , but more than 80 percent of young Russians avoid it .
conscription [stays] mandatory , but more than 80 percent of young russians avoid it .

Much hardware remains from the Soviet buildup , but most of it does n't work .
much hardware [stays] from the soviet buildup , but most of it does n't work .

Clinton remains much in demand as a peacemaker .
clinton [stays] much in demand as a peacemaker .

The crackdown on Chechnya has swelled the popularity of Boris Yeltsin 's flailing administration , but the Russian system remains robustly pluralistic .
the crackdown on chechnya has swelled the popularity of boris yeltsin 's flailing administration , but the russian system [stays] robustly pluralistic .

Saying it was time for such cynicism to stop , the paper claimed , that for all his `` media grandstanding '' and his repeated failure to see major projects through , `` he remains an inspiration for millions of Americans , not least in motivating them to vote . ''
saying it was time for such cynicism to stop , the paper claimed , that for all his `` media grandstanding '' and his repeated failure to see major projects through , `` he [stays] an inspiration for millions of americans , not least in motivating them to vote . ''

SKIN is taken ; HERPES , oddly , remains available .
skin is taken ; herpes , oddly , [stays] available .

Still , Clinton insists that `` he has no intention '' of committing ground troops to the Kosovo war front and remains convinced that airstrikes alone can persuade Serb forces to swear off their favorite pastime of rape-and-pillage .
still , clinton insists that `` he has no intention '' of committing ground troops to the kosovo war front and [stays] convinced that airstrikes alone can persuade serb forces to swear off their favorite pastime of rape-and-pillage .

The charge of carpetbagging remains a favorite campaign-season accusation .
the charge of carpetbagging [stays] a favorite campaign-season accusation .

The weightiest British opponent of the war remains the Times ' op-ed columnist Simon Jenkins , who , writing from the United States Friday , said that `` the misreading of Mr Milosevic by Nato deserves to rank with Gallipoli and Pearl Harbor in the annals of military incompetence . ''
the weightiest british opponent of the war [stays] the times ' op-ed columnist simon jenkins , who , writing from the united states friday , said that `` the misreading of mr milosevic by nato deserves to rank with gallipoli and pearl harbor in the annals of military incompetence . ''

Bush remains clueless about many national issues and , on others , he knows he can only lose votes by being pinned down .
bush [stays] clueless about many national issues and , on others , he knows he can only lose votes by being pinned down .

The answer is supposed to be his `` illusions '' -- but more likely it 's whatever remains of Gooding 's credibility as an actor .
the answer is supposed to be his `` illusions '' -- but more likely it 's whatever [stays] of gooding 's credibility as an actor .

That year marked the high point for Kosovar aspirations to independence , and it remains the benchmark for NATO 's demand at Rambouillet for a restoration of Kosovo 's `` pre-1989 '' autonomy .
that year marked the high point for kosovar aspirations to independence , and it [stays] the benchmark for nato 's demand at rambouillet for a restoration of kosovo 's `` pre-1989 '' autonomy .

Quoting British defense ministry sources , the Times said that despite reports of up to 1,000 Serb soldiers deserting , `` the size of the military presence in Kosovo remains at about 40,000 , the same as when the air campaign began . ''
quoting british defense ministry sources , the times said that despite reports of up to 1,000 serb soldiers deserting , `` the size of the military presence in kosovo [stays] at about 40,000 , the same as when the air campaign began . ''

Everyone else 's spin : The earlier touchups were faithful to the original ; now that they 're gone , even less of Leonardo 's work remains .
everyone else 's spin : the earlier touchups were faithful to the original ; now that they 're gone , even less of leonardo 's work [stays] .

Alexander remains , as one GOP strategist politely puts it , an `` extreme underdog . ''
alexander [stays] , as one gop strategist politely puts it , an `` extreme underdog . ''

When they do , they generally find that the gender gap in earnings remains but is smaller than the gap for women and men in total .
when they do , they generally find that the gender gap in earnings [stays] but is smaller than the gap for women and men in total .

No matter how credible the allegations in the Seymour Hersh piece are -- and they are extremely credible -- they are unverifiable and irrefutable as long as the United States ' damage assessment remains secret .
no matter how credible the allegations in the seymour hersh piece are -- and they are extremely credible -- they are unverifiable and irrefutable as long as the united states ' damage assessment [stays] secret .

Kline understands that whatever happens , Bottom remains essentially himself : The ass 's head makes him more serenely Bottom-like .
kline understands that whatever happens , bottom [stays] essentially himself : the ass 's head makes him more serenely bottom-like .

Names , dates , and facts abound , but Asch remains elusive . ''
names , dates , and facts abound , but asch [stays] elusive . ''

Whether Clinton and his allies can win the war remains to be seen .
whether clinton and his allies can win the war [stays] to be seen .

The Russian prime minister from 1992 until 1998 , a Soviet apparatchik before that , Viktor Chernomyrdin remains , oddly , a cipher .
the russian prime minister from 1992 until 1998 , a soviet apparatchik before that , viktor chernomyrdin [stays] , oddly , a cipher .

By making these decisions a matter of narrow self-interest , my reform remains within the historical context of the present system , where tax rates are set to benefit the rich and powerful .
by making these decisions a matter of narrow self-interest , my reform [stays] within the historical context of the present system , where tax rates are set to benefit the rich and powerful .

The fact remains that the congressional surrender of war powers is anti-democratic and anti-republican .
the fact [stays] that the congressional surrender of war powers is anti-democratic and anti-republican .

Though the Senate has cast its votes , history 's verdict remains in doubt .
though the senate has cast its votes , history 's verdict [stays] in doubt .

Two payments of about $ 14,500 each were made by Metalchem International , `` a British-registered metal trading company which was under United Nations sanctions and remains on a U.S. blacklist because of its financial ties with Serbia . ''
two payments of about $ 14,500 each were made by metalchem international , `` a british-registered metal trading company which was under united nations sanctions and [stays] on a u.s. blacklist because of its financial ties with serbia . ''

In other British press editorials Wednesday , the conservative Daily Mail said that `` public opinion is swinging in favor of an invasion '' and that `` the launch of a ground offensive seems likelier every day '' ; the Times `` that it may take ground troops , backed by massive air power , to drive them [ the Serbian forces ] out of Kosovo '' ; the Daily Telegraph that Bill Clinton and Tony Blair should rapidly sanction `` the Nato ground offensive that would be required to bring Serbia to heel '' ; and the Guardian that the West was sending a signal to Belgrade `` that ground action is becoming an available option for Nato , should the air campaign bring no acceptable result , but that an opportunity remains for settlement before a decision on ground action is made . ''
in other british press editorials wednesday , the conservative daily mail said that `` public opinion is swinging in favor of an invasion '' and that `` the launch of a ground offensive seems likelier every day '' ; the times `` that it may take ground troops , backed by massive air power , to drive them [ the serbian forces ] out of kosovo '' ; the daily telegraph that bill clinton and tony blair should rapidly sanction `` the nato ground offensive that would be required to bring serbia to heel '' ; and the guardian that the west was sending a signal to belgrade `` that ground action is becoming an available option for nato , should the air campaign bring no acceptable result , but that an opportunity [stays] for settlement before a decision on ground action is made . ''

NATO 's war with Yugoslavia remains the other main story around the world .
nato 's war with yugoslavia [stays] the other main story around the world .

It takes another hour to search for the Book of the Dead 's opposite number , which will theoretically send Imhotep back to the cosmic soup from which he sprang before he can transfer the heroine 's soul to the embalmed remains of his lady love .
it takes another hour to search for the book of the dead 's opposite number , which will theoretically send imhotep back to the cosmic soup from which he sprang before he can transfer the heroine 's soul to the embalmed [stays] of his lady love .

Even so , vestigial sympathy for Serbs remains today in Israel ( and , in a much more limited way , in the United States ) .
even so , vestigial sympathy for serbs [stays] today in israel ( and , in a much more limited way , in the united states ) .

The bad guy 's dialogue remains laughably mired in the last millennium : `` They 're rats in a trap ! ''
the bad guy 's dialogue [stays] laughably mired in the last millennium : `` they 're rats in a trap ! ''

It 's true that the public remains angry at Mrs. Clinton 's husband .
it 's true that the public [stays] angry at mrs. clinton 's husband .

The man stands , the woman remains supine on a bed or counter-top with her feet up on his shoulders .
the man stands , the woman [stays] supine on a bed or counter-top with her feet up on his shoulders .

That can hardly be done so long as it remains dominated by the old regime epitomised by Mr Samaranch . ''
that can hardly be done so long as it [stays] dominated by the old regime epitomised by mr samaranch . ''

Seven experts in conservation and pathology entered the royal vault in Weimar by night on the pretext that one of the clasps on Goethe 's sarcophagus had broken and his remains might deteriorate .
seven experts in conservation and pathology entered the royal vault in weimar by night on the pretext that one of the clasps on goethe 's sarcophagus had broken and his [stays] might deteriorate .

It remains to be seen whether hoarding books will prove as effective as self-starvation .
it [stays] to be seen whether hoarding books will prove as effective as self-starvation .

Although the book remains uniquely portable , durable , and an aesthetically satisfying means of conveying written information , there is one corner of the Gutenberg galaxy where print may be passé -- the world of scholarly publishing .
although the book [stays] uniquely portable , durable , and an aesthetically satisfying means of conveying written information , there is one corner of the gutenberg galaxy where print may be passé -- the world of scholarly publishing .

They remind us that the number of children killed by guns skyrocketed in the '80s and while tailing off in the '90s remains far higher than in decades past .
they remind us that the number of children killed by guns skyrocketed in the '80s and while tailing off in the '90s [stays] far higher than in decades past .

The question remains : Should a group organize and bid adieu to someone who has suddenly disappeared ?
the question [stays] : should a group organize and bid adieu to someone who has suddenly disappeared ?

Watergate remains for many an unhealed wound , and Clinton 's critics delight in needling him with Watergate comparisons -- whether to Whitewater or Flytrap .
watergate [stays] for many an unhealed wound , and clinton 's critics delight in needling him with watergate comparisons -- whether to whitewater or flytrap .

Although Milosevic survived the protests , his position remains tenuous .
although milosevic survived the protests , his position [stays] tenuous .

At least one official remains with the satellite from the time it leaves the country until its liftoff .
at least one official [stays] with the satellite from the time it leaves the country until its liftoff .

Saddam remains powerful , and Iraq repaired major infrastructural damage -- to roads , industry , and communications -- within four years of the war .
saddam [stays] powerful , and iraq repaired major infrastructural damage -- to roads , industry , and communications -- within four years of the war .

Organized crime remains rampant , though less widespread than at its mid-'90s peak .
organized crime [stays] rampant , though less widespread than at its mid-'90s peak .

The agency is accountable only to the prime minister and has little civilian oversight ; even the size of its budget remains a secret .
the agency is accountable only to the prime minister and has little civilian oversight ; even the size of its budget [stays] a secret .

Arafat remains popular -- he won 88 percent of the vote in last year 's presidential elections , and recent polls estimate his public-approval ratings at about 65 percent .
arafat [stays] popular -- he won 88 percent of the vote in last year 's presidential elections , and recent polls estimate his public-approval ratings at about 65 percent .

In spite of declining numbers , the Mafia remains profitable .
in spite of declining numbers , the mafia [stays] profitable .

Currently , voter turnout among eligible Hispanics remains below the national average .
currently , voter turnout among eligible hispanics [stays] below the national average .

The complete autopsy report remains sealed , and the results of DNA tests performed on JonBenet 's bloodstained nightgown , her hair , and the blood found underneath her fingernails also remain confidential .
the complete autopsy report [stays] sealed , and the results of dna tests performed on jonbenet 's bloodstained nightgown , her hair , and the blood found underneath her fingernails also remain confidential .

Bulgaria 's economy remains socialist .
bulgaria 's economy [stays] socialist .

Despite rampant war profiteering and a large state presence in the economy , growth has been steady , and Tudjman remains popular .
despite rampant war profiteering and a large state presence in the economy , growth has been steady , and tudjman [stays] popular .

Despite nationalist hostility toward Russia , Ukraine remains too dependent to do anything more than grumble about the Russian military 's continued use of its ports .
despite nationalist hostility toward russia , ukraine [stays] too dependent to do anything more than grumble about the russian military 's continued use of its ports .

The scope of the attorney-client privilege remains broad .
the scope of the attorney-client privilege [stays] broad .

Stephen ( 31 ) remains consigned mainly to teen flicks ( though he won acclaim for his supporting role in The Usual Suspects ) .
stephen ( 31 ) [stays] consigned mainly to teen flicks ( though he won acclaim for his supporting role in the usual suspects ) .

He remains the kid in the candy store , without control over his appetites for sex and food .
he [stays] the kid in the candy store , without control over his appetites for sex and food .

The debate remains as shrill as ever .
the debate [stays] as shrill as ever .

This week , the Pentagon ordered the opening of Arlington National Cemetery 's Tomb of the Unknowns to remove the remains of a soldier killed in the Vietnam War and submit them to DNA tests to recover his identity .
this week , the pentagon ordered the opening of arlington national cemetery 's tomb of the unknowns to remove the [stays] of a soldier killed in the vietnam war and submit them to dna tests to recover his identity .

However , upon canonization , saints have frequently been disinterred so their remains can be dismembered and turned into relics .
however , upon canonization , saints have frequently been disinterred so their [stays] can be dismembered and turned into relics .

It remains justified in one case -- that of African-Americans .
it [stays] justified in one case -- that of african-americans .

Even if Lott 's motive for offing McCain-Feingold remains as powerful as ever , carrying out the hit no longer looks so simple .
even if lott 's motive for offing mccain-feingold [stays] as powerful as ever , carrying out the hit no longer looks so simple .

Absent significant reform , the escalating costs of these programs will , in decades to come , crowd out what remains of the federal `` discretionary '' budget -- the FBI , NASA , Yosemite , and all the rest .
absent significant reform , the escalating costs of these programs will , in decades to come , crowd out what [stays] of the federal `` discretionary '' budget -- the fbi , nasa , yosemite , and all the rest .

This is the lingo of Watergate , an event that remains at the center of Safire 's consciousness .
this is the lingo of watergate , an event that [stays] at the center of safire 's consciousness .

What Manhattan would lose is what remains of its middle class , those earning between $ 25,000 and , say , $ 75,000 .
what manhattan would lose is what [stays] of its middle class , those earning between $ 25,000 and , say , $ 75,000 .

It remains a place where Slate members can speak out , unmolested by meddlesome editors wielding software programs such as Semicolon Killer TM and Shut Up Already 98 for Windows TM and Antitrust AutoPurge Pro TM ( which automatically erases any turn of phrase analyzed to agree with the Justice Department -- about anything ) .
it [stays] a place where slate members can speak out , unmolested by meddlesome editors wielding software programs such as semicolon killer tm and shut up already 98 for windows tm and antitrust autopurge pro tm ( which automatically erases any turn of phrase analyzed to agree with the justice department -- about anything ) .

Voters rejected , and will probably continue to reject , giving total power to a party that remains a hostage to the Christian right on abortion and that threatens to scale back government in a radical way .
voters rejected , and will probably continue to reject , giving total power to a party that [stays] a hostage to the christian right on abortion and that threatens to scale back government in a radical way .

The age-old question remains : What to wear ?
the age-old question [stays] : what to wear ?

White House aides are happy Clinton remains high in the polls but are surprised by the disclosure of the dress and worry that it will turn the public against him .
white house aides are happy clinton [stays] high in the polls but are surprised by the disclosure of the dress and worry that it will turn the public against him .

In biotechnology , as in telecommunications , intellectual-property law remains at an embryonic stage .
in biotechnology , as in telecommunications , intellectual-property law [stays] at an embryonic stage .

Newspaper and broadcast accounts routinely describe the return of a serviceman 's long-lost remains from the Pacific , Korea , or Vietnam as bringing a sense of closure .
newspaper and broadcast accounts routinely describe the return of a serviceman 's long-lost [stays] from the pacific , korea , or vietnam as bringing a sense of closure .

The term 's proximate origin remains obscure -- some analysts have suggested an association with the world of sport or finance , where activities are indeed governed by an actual daily cycle and where a metaphoric sense could easily have arisen out of the literal one .
the term 's proximate origin [stays] obscure -- some analysts have suggested an association with the world of sport or finance , where activities are indeed governed by an actual daily cycle and where a metaphoric sense could easily have arisen out of the literal one .

Those inhabiting English 's linguistic core may find the phrase cloying , but its popularity in finance and sport , and in the English spoken by non-native speakers , suggests that its colonizing power remains robust .
those inhabiting english 's linguistic core may find the phrase cloying , but its popularity in finance and sport , and in the english spoken by non-native speakers , suggests that its colonizing power [stays] robust .

For some Americans , JFK remains the anointed apostle of the New Frontier .
for some americans , jfk [stays] the anointed apostle of the new frontier .

Each moment remains significant only as it traces the trajectory of his spiritual deterioration .
each moment [stays] significant only as it traces the trajectory of his spiritual deterioration .

You might suppose that , in these after-days of communism , Che 's legendary glamour will soon enough find its way to a similar interment , though perhaps not in Cuba itself , where glamour , like everything else , remains under state control .
you might suppose that , in these after-days of communism , che 's legendary glamour will soon enough find its way to a similar interment , though perhaps not in cuba itself , where glamour , like everything else , [stays] under state control .

His ideas were hopeless ; but he remains the embodiment of an ideal .
his ideas were hopeless ; but he [stays] the embodiment of an ideal .

What remains , on both sides of the Andes , is the example of a man , the child of his continent , who knew how to die for his generous ideas in an unequal struggle . ''
what [stays] , on both sides of the andes , is the example of a man , the child of his continent , who knew how to die for his generous ideas in an unequal struggle . ''

It took 19 years to bring Napoleon 's remains back to France , compared to 30 years for Che .
it took 19 years to bring napoleon 's [stays] back to france , compared to 30 years for che .

What impact the full force and majesty of the United States government can actually have on the English language remains far from clear .
what impact the full force and majesty of the united states government can actually have on the english language [stays] far from clear .

As of press time , it remains unclear exactly what the balance of power in the legislative branch or in the various states will be between the three major political parties , but the news is that for the first time in the country 's modern history , there will be a balance of power .
as of press time , it [stays] unclear exactly what the balance of power in the legislative branch or in the various states will be between the three major political parties , but the news is that for the first time in the country 's modern history , there will be a balance of power .

Chatterbox remains pessimistic that he will ever be able to draw a truly responsible conclusion about whether Bill Clinton raped Juanita Broaddrick .
chatterbox [stays] pessimistic that he will ever be able to draw a truly responsible conclusion about whether bill clinton raped juanita broaddrick .

While the Journal 's news staff remains free to report on Broaddrick , it is presumably not free to really report on ( i.e. , question the ethics and motives of ) the Journal 's editorial page .
while the journal 's news staff [stays] free to report on broaddrick , it is presumably not free to really report on ( i.e. , question the ethics and motives of ) the journal 's editorial page .

The fact remains that the appearance of the Times piece was surely a precipitating event , perhaps the precipitating event , in the firing of Wen Ho Lee .
the fact [stays] that the appearance of the times piece was surely a precipitating event , perhaps the precipitating event , in the firing of wen ho lee .

Bill Clinton , and remains perplexed that the Journal editorial page wo n't .
bill clinton , and [stays] perplexed that the journal editorial page wo n't .

Software and hardware configuration is too error-prone ; incompatibility remains too common ; and software is too difficult to use .
software and hardware configuration is too error-prone ; incompatibility [stays] too common ; and software is too difficult to use .

The inconvenient fact remains : Americans have far more in common with one another than with our diasporan brethren around the globe .
the inconvenient fact [stays] : americans have far more in common with one another than with our diasporan brethren around the globe .

The excesses of sexual-harassment regulations are popular targets for defenders of common sense because feminism remains a target for pundits on the right -- and the concept of harassment remains controversial .
the excesses of sexual-harassment regulations are popular targets for defenders of common sense because feminism [stays] a target for pundits on the right -- and the concept of harassment [stays] controversial .

Since the illegal-abortion rate remains high in countries where abortion is outlawed , contraception may be the only effective way to bring abortion rates down .
since the illegal-abortion rate [stays] high in countries where abortion is outlawed , contraception may be the only effective way to bring abortion rates down .

On the other hand , the reformers have not shown that they can consistently win the confidence of the public , which remains very wary of legalization of any drug -- even marijuana .
on the other hand , the reformers have not shown that they can consistently win the confidence of the public , which [stays] very wary of legalization of any drug -- even marijuana .

Undeniably , China remains a nasty place for many Christians , who , in many parts of the country , risk harassment and detention simply for practicing their faith .
undeniably , china [stays] a nasty place for many christians , who , in many parts of the country , risk harassment and detention simply for practicing their faith .

McKay 's critique remains only a draft , however , and it has not yet undergone the rigorous peer review that the original paper withstood .
mckay 's critique [stays] only a draft , however , and it has not yet undergone the rigorous peer review that the original paper withstood .

What 's more , until someone publishes a peer-reviewed paper that demolishes them , at least a smidgen of doubt remains , a floating question mark : What if God did write the Torah ?
what 's more , until someone publishes a peer-reviewed paper that demolishes them , at least a smidgen of doubt [stays] , a floating question mark : what if god did write the torah ?

Army records show that when the remains of Japanese soldiers killed in the Mariana Islands were repatriated in 1984 , some 60 percent of the corpses were headless .
army records show that when the [stays] of japanese soldiers killed in the mariana islands were repatriated in 1984 , some 60 percent of the corpses were headless .

Most Asians , she says , `` are not very careful about the disposal of human remains .
most asians , she says , `` are not very careful about the disposal of human [stays] .

One reason Slate is not a national obsession in Europe ( as , of course , it is in the United States ) is that Internet use remains a luxury here .
one reason slate is not a national obsession in europe ( as , of course , it is in the united states ) is that internet use [stays] a luxury here .

The NYT emphasizes that Dole `` failed to clinch a deal '' and that agreement remains `` uncertain . ''
the nyt emphasizes that dole `` failed to clinch a deal '' and that agreement [stays] `` uncertain . ''

The WP explains that the principal stumbling block to a Kosovo agreement is that Slobodan Milosevic , head of Yugoslavia and a Serb , remains opposed to a NATO peacekeeping force on Serbian soil .
the wp explains that the principal stumbling block to a kosovo agreement is that slobodan milosevic , head of yugoslavia and a serb , [stays] opposed to a nato peacekeeping force on serbian soil .

The Los Angeles Times leads with its over-the-weekend poll indicating that despite the Starr revelations , the public 's support for Clinton remains rather robust .
the los angeles times leads with its over-the-weekend poll indicating that despite the starr revelations , the public 's support for clinton [stays] rather robust .

The New York Times , prone to leading with financial news , claims that while inflation remains down , prices for many products are zooming ( to consumers ' annoyance ) .
the new york times , prone to leading with financial news , claims that while inflation [stays] down , prices for many products are zooming ( to consumers ' annoyance ) .

Says the WP , tension between the two countries remains high over the status of twelve missing Iranians .
says the wp , tension between the two countries [stays] high over the status of twelve missing iranians .

The NYT observes that it remains to be seen if the `` new , customer-friendly IRS has the chutzpah to try to collect the tax from , say , a twelve-year-old baseball fan . ''
the nyt observes that it [stays] to be seen if the `` new , customer-friendly irs has the chutzpah to try to collect the tax from , say , a twelve-year-old baseball fan . ''

The WSJ says the economy remains strong , with inflation , interest rates , and unemployment still low .
the wsj says the economy [stays] strong , with inflation , interest rates , and unemployment still low .

The front-page spotlight remains on Kenya and Tanzania in the aftermath of Friday bombings at two U.S. embassies .
the front-page spotlight [stays] on kenya and tanzania in the aftermath of friday bombings at two u.s. embassies .

True , the piece admits , `` Booty Call '' made $ 20 million and Wonder remains the biggest single selling bread brand , but the cultural common denominator is on the rise .
true , the piece admits , `` booty call '' made $ 20 million and wonder [stays] the biggest single selling bread brand , but the cultural common denominator is on the rise .

Carriage and coach are also rail terms now ; but the British still use dual carriageway for the kind of road Americans call a divided highway , and coach remains in use both as a euphemism for a longdistance bus and somewhat bizarrely as the name for the cheap seats on an airplane .
carriage and coach are also rail terms now ; but the british still use dual carriageway for the kind of road americans call a divided highway , and coach [stays] in use both as a euphemism for a longdistance bus and somewhat bizarrely as the name for the cheap seats on an airplane .

A Shakespeare Thesaurus For a large part of the world -- and not only the English-speaking world -- Shakespeare remains the inexhaustible source of inspiration for writers , actors , directors , composers , historians , learned societies , linguists , drama schools ( where , in America , he is honored more in the breach than the observance ) , films , academia , literary criticism , bibliographers , translators , painters , pilgrims , philosophers , and psychologists .
a shakespeare thesaurus for a large part of the world -- and not only the english-speaking world -- shakespeare [stays] the inexhaustible source of inspiration for writers , actors , directors , composers , historians , learned societies , linguists , drama schools ( where , in america , he is honored more in the breach than the observance ) , films , academia , literary criticism , bibliographers , translators , painters , pilgrims , philosophers , and psychologists .

What the British put on ( both our ) houses remains plock .
what the british put on ( both our ) houses [stays] plock .

The problem of over-interpretation remains .
the problem of over-interpretation [stays] .

The words listed so far are those of occupation and use : what remains to identify in the early period is an indication of the perception of the landscape on which the settlers were imposing themselves and their industry .
the words listed so far are those of occupation and use : what [stays] to identify in the early period is an indication of the perception of the landscape on which the settlers were imposing themselves and their industry .

While we are about it , London remains an obscure name , despite attempts to interpret it as Londinos ' place , from a Celtic personal name said to mean wild one .
while we are about it , london [stays] an obscure name , despite attempts to interpret it as londinos ' place , from a celtic personal name said to mean wild one .

Far , English speakers have shunned calling anything they say an idiotism , so the ambiguity remains . )
far , english speakers have shunned calling anything they say an idiotism , so the ambiguity [stays] . )

There is such a wealth of material buried in its thousands of articles that remains inaccessible for lack of an Index that one despairs of the judgment of the publishers .
there is such a wealth of material buried in its thousands of articles that [stays] inaccessible for lack of an index that one despairs of the judgment of the publishers .

When it appears in England ( and it has been seen in Norway ) the French get to call it the gros-bec errant , but the name known throughout the world remains Hesperiphona vespertina .
when it appears in england ( and it has been seen in norway ) the french get to call it the gros-bec errant , but the name known throughout the world [stays] hesperiphona vespertina .

It remains to see just which 20,000 sayings Wilkinson has chosen to analyze and record .
it [stays] to see just which 20,000 sayings wilkinson has chosen to analyze and record .

However , a design or distinctive style of typography can be a trademark , and the distinctive manner of printing Thermos as a symbol remains protected .
however , a design or distinctive style of typography can be a trademark , and the distinctive manner of printing thermos as a symbol [stays] protected .

That decision remains confused .
that decision [stays] confused .

Today , nearly seven hundred years later , it remains intact despite the vicissitudes of time and a language barrier that only the French have ever made much effort to surmount .
today , nearly seven hundred years later , it [stays] intact despite the vicissitudes of time and a language barrier that only the french have ever made much effort to surmount .

In some cases , slight spelling changes have been applied , but the English origin remains unmistakable : chalengeur for ` challenger , ' dribler for ` to dribble , ' média ( mandatory plural : médias ) for ` media , ' astronaute for ` astronaut . '
in some cases , slight spelling changes have been applied , but the english origin [stays] unmistakable : chalengeur for ` challenger , ' dribler for ` to dribble , ' média ( mandatory plural : médias ) for ` media , ' astronaute for ` astronaut . '

The fact remains that no bush local understands French or wants to .
the fact [stays] that no bush local understands french or wants to .

Because the notice appears almost every evening on at least one channel and remains on the screen for at least thrity minutes on end , its exposure is far greater than that of a fleeting utterance by a newscaster or a similar written message that appears only fleetingly .
because the notice appears almost every evening on at least one channel and [stays] on the screen for at least thrity minutes on end , its exposure is far greater than that of a fleeting utterance by a newscaster or a similar written message that appears only fleetingly .

Although he does not specify , it seems likely Green means the 1611 Authorized ( or King James ) Version , for he goes on : As a mere literary monument , the English version of the Bible remains the noblest example of the English tongue , while its perpetual use made it from the instant of its appearance the standard of our language .
although he does not specify , it seems likely green means the 1611 authorized ( or king james ) version , for he goes on : as a mere literary monument , the english version of the bible [stays] the noblest example of the english tongue , while its perpetual use made it from the instant of its appearance the standard of our language .

The word was clearly felt to be a low word and there remains the possibility that Norton 's role was more that of a promoter than of an inventor , that there was an existing word , probably a regional dialect word , that he brought to the surface and to which he gave a new currency .
the word was clearly felt to be a low word and there [stays] the possibility that norton 's role was more that of a promoter than of an inventor , that there was an existing word , probably a regional dialect word , that he brought to the surface and to which he gave a new currency .

Example : what has the cobbler when only one shoe form remains ?
example : what has the cobbler when only one shoe form [stays] ?

Within the system , there are others with similar mixed feelings , but by and large the system remains intact .
within the system , there are others with similar mixed feelings , but by and large the system [stays] intact .

On page 60 of Harper 's , December 1995 , Kathryn Harrison , in What Remains , wrote : Because most of us fear suffering so intensely ... Did she mean fear so intensely [ all ] suffering or fear such intense suffering ?
on page 60 of harper 's , december 1995 , kathryn harrison , in what [stays] , wrote : because most of us fear suffering so intensely ... did she mean fear so intensely [ all ] suffering or fear such intense suffering ?

The fact remains that , despite this diversity , the English word hut enjoyed a greater currency than any of the borrowings , being the usual word for the accommodation of the convict , the rural labourer , and the itinerant bushman .
the fact [stays] that , despite this diversity , the english word hut enjoyed a greater currency than any of the borrowings , being the usual word for the accommodation of the convict , the rural labourer , and the itinerant bushman .

As it is impossible for the non-expert to sort them out , it remains for people like Jeans to do so , and he has incautiously included many for which insufficient evidence exists that they were originally nautical , and he has failed in his duty by not identifying questionable entries .
as it is impossible for the non-expert to sort them out , it [stays] for people like jeans to do so , and he has incautiously included many for which insufficient evidence exists that they were originally nautical , and he has failed in his duty by not identifying questionable entries .

While it is not only scientific and scholarly but noble to maintain that such matters as pronunciation , usage , dialect , and other features are all part of the description of language and are neither good nor bad , the fact remains that using a dialect or speech pattern that is unacceptable to those who are giving out the jobs may mean that one either gets the job or not , other qualifications being equal , hence the scientific and scholarly considerations may be effectively put into their academic niches where they belong .
while it is not only scientific and scholarly but noble to maintain that such matters as pronunciation , usage , dialect , and other features are all part of the description of language and are neither good nor bad , the fact [stays] that using a dialect or speech pattern that is unacceptable to those who are giving out the jobs may mean that one either gets the job or not , other qualifications being equal , hence the scientific and scholarly considerations may be effectively put into their academic niches where they belong .

It remains to be seen what will be written about the 20th century , the close of which is seeing a spread of English via the Internet that is regarded as so pernicious by the French that they have seen fit to prosecute a company ( with a pied á terre in France ) for advertising on the medium in English without the accompaniment of a French translation .
it [stays] to be seen what will be written about the 20th century , the close of which is seeing a spread of english via the internet that is regarded as so pernicious by the french that they have seen fit to prosecute a company ( with a pied á terre in france ) for advertising on the medium in english without the accompaniment of a french translation .

Built of sandstone bricks and 25ft tall , Fuller 's remains were placed beneath the floor of this mausoleum on his death in 1834 .
built of sandstone bricks and 25ft tall , fuller 's [stays] were placed beneath the floor of this mausoleum on his death in 1834 .

The chief aim remains a thorough , consistent , coherent , preferably understandable description of the structure of a language .
the chief aim [stays] a thorough , consistent , coherent , preferably understandable description of the structure of a language .

After reading through some Beatles literature , it becomes obvious there are some inconsistencies as to how the Beatles chose The Silver Beatles after calling themselves Johnny and the Moondogs , though the fact remains that they never called themselves The Golden Beatles .
after reading through some beatles literature , it becomes obvious there are some inconsistencies as to how the beatles chose the silver beatles after calling themselves johnny and the moondogs , though the fact [stays] that they never called themselves the golden beatles .

Ah , but one final image remains ever green !
ah , but one final image [stays] ever green !

Almost as the Spaniards founded their capital on the ruins of an Indian pueblo , the American conquerors of New Mexico built their territorial capital on and around a dilapidated Spanish-Mexican core , little of which remains today .
almost as the spaniards founded their capital on the ruins of an indian pueblo , the american conquerors of new mexico built their territorial capital on and around a dilapidated spanish-mexican core , little of which [stays] today .

A Tok Pisin version of Little Red Riding Hood , told me some years ago by an old China Sea sailor , remains to this day one of the most hilarious monologues I have ever heard .
a tok pisin version of little red riding hood , told me some years ago by an old china sea sailor , [stays] to this day one of the most hilarious monologues i have ever heard .

Whatever its background , pidgin remains colorful and , often , onomatopoetic .
whatever its background , pidgin [stays] colorful and , often , onomatopoetic .

The only thing that I have not been able to find in medical dictionaries , the OED , or even in A Sea of Words , is his use of the word marthambles , which remains unknown to me .
the only thing that i have not been able to find in medical dictionaries , the oed , or even in a sea of words , is his use of the word marthambles , which [stays] unknown to me .

Whittier , California Feminist Stylistics Three decades after the reawakening of feminism , no field of scholarship remains unexamined by feminist analysis , a process rhetorician Gay D. Claiborne has defined as an effort to deconstruct the patterns of thinking that lead to a world-view of reality as consisting of oppositional , hierarchically-ordered pairs of things .
whittier , california feminist stylistics three decades after the reawakening of feminism , no field of scholarship [stays] unexamined by feminist analysis , a process rhetorician gay d. claiborne has defined as an effort to deconstruct the patterns of thinking that lead to a world-view of reality as consisting of oppositional , hierarchically-ordered pairs of things .

The fact remains that some hundreds of words that have entries in a standard dictionary remain etymological mysteries .
the fact [stays] that some hundreds of words that have entries in a standard dictionary remain etymological mysteries .

The most perplexing species of cross-talk remains the unintentional reversal .
the most perplexing species of cross-talk [stays] the unintentional reversal .

Other notables in this necessarily brief catalogue of American toponymists include Henry Gannett , working around the turn of the century , who compiled several state gazetteers and a still influential study on the origin of U.S. place names ; H. L. Mencken , with several seminal chapters in his American Language ( 1936 ) ; and Kelsie Harder , whose Illustrated Dictionary of Place Names : United States and Canada ( 1976 ) remains the most reliable resource for place-name origins .
other notables in this necessarily brief catalogue of american toponymists include henry gannett , working around the turn of the century , who compiled several state gazetteers and a still influential study on the origin of u.s. place names ; h. l. mencken , with several seminal chapters in his american language ( 1936 ) ; and kelsie harder , whose illustrated dictionary of place names : united states and canada ( 1976 ) [stays] the most reliable resource for place-name origins .

It remains unclear to me on whom Mr. Orbaum would pin the blame for what he calls “ the original mistranslation. ” He seems to suggest that somehow we should fault the group of translators who produced the King James Version of the Bible , but , as we have seen , the confusion lies not so much with a group of sixteenth century English scholars as with the very nature of the art of translation .
it [stays] unclear to me on whom mr. orbaum would pin the blame for what he calls “ the original mistranslation. ” he seems to suggest that somehow we should fault the group of translators who produced the king james version of the bible , but , as we have seen , the confusion lies not so much with a group of sixteenth century english scholars as with the very nature of the art of translation .

The story is unimportant -- some bucolic tale -- but the writing is extraordinary , and I must assume that while the art of the original remains , no small credit is due to the translator .
the story is unimportant -- some bucolic tale -- but the writing is extraordinary , and i must assume that while the art of the original [stays] , no small credit is due to the translator .

Although white Americans have tended to ignore or downplay this joyful side of native culture , the fact remains that boisterous name-calling and irrepressible nicknaming was at one time as popular among the so-called Six Nations and five Civilized Tribes as among Big Eight or PAC Ten football fans today .
although white americans have tended to ignore or downplay this joyful side of native culture , the fact [stays] that boisterous name-calling and irrepressible nicknaming was at one time as popular among the so-called six nations and five civilized tribes as among big eight or pac ten football fans today .

It still remains to be seen whether a rational , coherent language policy for speakers of Black English can evolve in our educational institutions .
it still [stays] to be seen whether a rational , coherent language policy for speakers of black english can evolve in our educational institutions .

The question remains : is this simply a human foible , or have we as a culture grown ever more fond of sanitizing and sweeping under the carpet ?
the question [stays] : is this simply a human foible , or have we as a culture grown ever more fond of sanitizing and sweeping under the carpet ?

A third—perhaps only a corollary to the second—might be that the longer a borrowing remains in use , the more likely it is to be treated like a native .
a third—perhaps only a corollary to the second—might be that the longer a borrowing [stays] in use , the more likely it is to be treated like a native .

These days , video cameras are all the rage , but , as far as I know , no one has thought up a backword for the snapshot-taking type ( still camera does fill the bill , but it remains for the most part a technical term ) .
these days , video cameras are all the rage , but , as far as i know , no one has thought up a backword for the snapshot-taking type ( still camera does fill the bill , but it [stays] for the most part a technical term ) .

They have one private , hidden name which remains a family secret .
they have one private , hidden name which [stays] a family secret .

We derived great pleasure from attempting to unravel the languages and their cultures , and we found that the desire to understand and to be understood comes early in life , remains long , and seems to be universal .
we derived great pleasure from attempting to unravel the languages and their cultures , and we found that the desire to understand and to be understood comes early in life , [stays] long , and seems to be universal .

However , the fact remains that all through literrary titles in English there are such irritants , and I thought I might as well tackle the issue head on and see where the longstanding and popularly perpetrated snags lay .
however , the fact [stays] that all through literrary titles in english there are such irritants , and i thought i might as well tackle the issue head on and see where the longstanding and popularly perpetrated snags lay .

Notwithstanding , my claim to prior inspiration remains .
notwithstanding , my claim to prior inspiration [stays] .

Who can resist a smirk when a female network broadcaster observes that with respect to celibacy in the priesthood , “ the pontiff remains firm. ” The howlers in my collection that I most cherish , however , depend for their charm on skewed syntax .
who can resist a smirk when a female network broadcaster observes that with respect to celibacy in the priesthood , “ the pontiff [stays] firm. ” the howlers in my collection that i most cherish , however , depend for their charm on skewed syntax .

I think the Longman is a fine dictionary , superior to the Webster , but I have been careful not to compare it with the Collins , which remains my favorite British English dictionary for reasons that modesty forbids my detailing here .
i think the longman is a fine dictionary , superior to the webster , but i have been careful not to compare it with the collins , which [stays] my favorite british english dictionary for reasons that modesty forbids my detailing here .

Gaelic was the mother tongue in Wigtownshire for twelve centuries , but little trace of it remains in the spoken language today .
gaelic was the mother tongue in wigtownshire for twelve centuries , but little trace of it [stays] in the spoken language today .

Only one of these remains productive today , the - y or - ie in Willy or Willie , but Middle English had several others at hand .
only one of these [stays] productive today , the - y or - ie in willy or willie , but middle english had several others at hand .

Nevertheless , while Adams 's source remains obscure , his application of it does no longer .
nevertheless , while adams 's source [stays] obscure , his application of it does no longer .

How it came about the the myth could take the place of history , and feed both fiction and utopia , that fiction in the form of dogma of various kinds could take the place of science , that science could progressively dominate fiction , that history , in eliminating myth , could itself become a science , at the cost of a ruthless battle between the imaginary and the real -- a battle whose outcome , even today , remains unclear -- this story reads like a novel : and in any case , does n't the word history itself , which designates a succession of facts through time , also encapsulate the word story : a tale , a fable , an imaginary account ?
how it came about the the myth could take the place of history , and feed both fiction and utopia , that fiction in the form of dogma of various kinds could take the place of science , that science could progressively dominate fiction , that history , in eliminating myth , could itself become a science , at the cost of a ruthless battle between the imaginary and the real -- a battle whose outcome , even today , [stays] unclear -- this story reads like a novel : and in any case , does n't the word history itself , which designates a succession of facts through time , also encapsulate the word story : a tale , a fable , an imaginary account ?

Since angels tend to be of uncertain gender , neither Barbara nor Seville will have anything to do with them , so their status vis-à-vis mortality remains an open question .
since angels tend to be of uncertain gender , neither barbara nor seville will have anything to do with them , so their status vis-à-vis mortality [stays] an open question .

The etymology of the name of the city of Rome itself remains a mystery .
the etymology of the name of the city of rome itself [stays] a mystery .

The etymology of all these names remains as elusive as that of Rome itself .
the etymology of all these names [stays] as elusive as that of rome itself .

Santa Maria in Cosmedin remains an etymological puzzle .
santa maria in cosmedin [stays] an etymological puzzle .

A similar circumstance accounts for the strange name of Via Santo Stefano del Cacco , which refers to a statue of an animal-headed Egyptian deity discovered in the remains of the nearby Temple of Isis .
a similar circumstance accounts for the strange name of via santo stefano del cacco , which refers to a statue of an animal-headed egyptian deity discovered in the [stays] of the nearby temple of isis .

The widening of this street in the 1930s resulted not only in the brightening ( or disappearance ) of the shops , but also in the uncovering of important archaeological remains , much to the inconvenience of modern developers -- an old story in Rome .
the widening of this street in the 1930s resulted not only in the brightening ( or disappearance ) of the shops , but also in the uncovering of important archaeological [stays] , much to the inconvenience of modern developers -- an old story in rome .

It has been renamed Via dei Fori Imperiali , some what ironically , as the frenzied traffic on it is a serious blight to the enjoyment of the remains of the ancient Imperial Fora themselves .
it has been renamed via dei fori imperiali , some what ironically , as the frenzied traffic on it is a serious blight to the enjoyment of the [stays] of the ancient imperial fora themselves .

I have passed the sign several times in the past few years and recently noted that it had been cleaned and repainted , but the apostrophe remains .
i have passed the sign several times in the past few years and recently noted that it had been cleaned and repainted , but the apostrophe [stays] .

What Henry David possesses remains an enigma .
what henry david possesses [stays] an enigma .

