The Brevard group of 85 arrived at the Gallery at 6 p.m. , remaining for about 45 minutes .
the brevard group of 85 arrived at the gallery at 6 p.m. , [staying] for about 45 minutes .

There are only two men remaining in Congress who , with Rayburn , voted for the declaration of war against Germany in 1917 .
there are only two men [staying] in congress who , with rayburn , voted for the declaration of war against germany in 1917 .

Since 1953 California has led the nation in enacting guarantees that public business shall be publicly conducted , but not until this year did the lawmakers in Sacramento plug the remaining loopholes in the Brown Act .
since 1953 california has led the nation in enacting guarantees that public business shall be publicly conducted , but not until this year did the lawmakers in sacramento plug the [staying] loopholes in the brown act .

Add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil .
add [staying] ingredients and bring to a boil .

And everywhere in evidence among the few remaining defensive units was that old handmaiden of disaster -- multiple command .
and everywhere in evidence among the few [staying] defensive units was that old handmaiden of disaster -- multiple command .

Make up your mind to pool your resources and get the most out of your remaining years of life .
make up your mind to pool your resources and get the most out of your [staying] years of life .

The issue was settled on shore , Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore , determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England .
the issue was settled on shore , greene winning and wilson [staying] ashore , determined to catch the next fishing boat back to england .

Its people , including Pierre Bottineau and other American Fur Company employees and the refugees from Fort Garry , were joined by the remaining Scots and Swiss from Fort Snelling when Major Joseph Plympton expelled them from the reservation in May 1840 .
its people , including pierre bottineau and other american fur company employees and the refugees from fort garry , were joined by the [staying] scots and swiss from fort snelling when major joseph plympton expelled them from the reservation in may 1840 .

Related to written literature , and often remaining temporarily frozen in written form , it loses its vitality when transcribed or removed from its oral existence .
related to written literature , and often [staying] temporarily frozen in written form , it loses its vitality when transcribed or removed from its oral existence .

The women by remaining behind condemned their children , born and unborn , to bondage .
the women by [staying] behind condemned their children , born and unborn , to bondage .

Desiring to fill the only remaining lack , he selected the best site on the ranch for a chapel and spared no expense in erecting it .
desiring to fill the only [staying] lack , he selected the best site on the ranch for a chapel and spared no expense in erecting it .

or who undertook to set records for remaining erect on a dance floor , with or without a partner ; ;
or who undertook to set records for [staying] erect on a dance floor , with or without a partner ; ;

Among Bourbons the racial issue may have less to do with their remaining unreconstructed than other factors .
among bourbons the racial issue may have less to do with their [staying] unreconstructed than other factors .

If the Union conceded this to them , the same right must be conceded to each remaining state whenever it saw fit to secede : This would destroy the federal balance between it and the states , and in the end sacrifice to the sovereignty of the states all the liberty the citizens had gained by their Union .
if the union conceded this to them , the same right must be conceded to each [staying] state whenever it saw fit to secede : this would destroy the federal balance between it and the states , and in the end sacrifice to the sovereignty of the states all the liberty the citizens had gained by their union .

In the center of any open space remaining our grandfathers had planted syringa and sweet-shrub , snowball , rose-of-Sharon and balm-of-Gilead .
in the center of any open space [staying] our grandfathers had planted syringa and sweet-shrub , snowball , rose-of-sharon and balm-of-gilead .

It will be noted that point f has seven nearest neighbors , h and e have six , and p has only one , while the remaining points have intermediate numbers .
it will be noted that point f has seven nearest neighbors , h and e have six , and p has only one , while the [staying] points have intermediate numbers .

One evening , while a volley-ball game was being played in the yard among the prisoners remaining there , a simulated melee was staged -- just as the gates were opened to admit other prisoners returning from work .
one evening , while a volley-ball game was being played in the yard among the prisoners [staying] there , a simulated melee was staged -- just as the gates were opened to admit other prisoners returning from work .

A useful comment on his relation to his region may be made , I think , by noting briefly how in handling Southern materials and Southern problems he has deviated from the pattern set by other Southern authors while remaining faithful to the essential character of the region .
a useful comment on his relation to his region may be made , i think , by noting briefly how in handling southern materials and southern problems he has deviated from the pattern set by other southern authors while [staying] faithful to the essential character of the region .

The remaining twelve states have varying fiscal years for the state , city and local governments .
the [staying] twelve states have varying fiscal years for the state , city and local governments .

The remaining twenty-three towns have fiscal years which end prior to June 30 .
the [staying] twenty-three towns have fiscal years which end prior to june 30 .

The Secretary of the Treasury , upon the concurrence of the Secretary of State , is authorized and directed , out of the sum covered into the Yugoslav Claims Fund pursuant to subsection ( B ) of this section , after completing the payments of such funds pursuant to subsection ( C ) of this Section , to make payment of the balance of any sum remaining in such fund to the Government of the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia to the extent required under Article 1 ( C ) of the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948 .
the secretary of the treasury , upon the concurrence of the secretary of state , is authorized and directed , out of the sum covered into the yugoslav claims fund pursuant to subsection ( b ) of this section , after completing the payments of such funds pursuant to subsection ( c ) of this section , to make payment of the balance of any sum [staying] in such fund to the government of the federal people's republic of yugoslavia to the extent required under article 1 ( c ) of the yugoslav claims agreement of 1948 .

On April 25 , the White House reported that a total embargo of remaining U.S. trade with Cuba was being considered .
on april 25 , the white house reported that a total embargo of [staying] u.s. trade with cuba was being considered .

It stipulates , in addition , that all amounts remaining as a result of imposing the `` ceiling '' , and not used for insuring the `` floor '' , be redistributed to those States still below their maximums .
it stipulates , in addition , that all amounts [staying] as a result of imposing the `` ceiling '' , and not used for insuring the `` floor '' , be redistributed to those states still below their maximums .

Of the remaining planets , only Mars and Saturn have been observed as radio sources , and not very much information is available .
of the [staying] planets , only mars and saturn have been observed as radio sources , and not very much information is available .

No attempts to measure the radio emission of the remaining planets have been reported , and , because of their distances , small diameters , or low temperatures , the thermal radiation at radio wave lengths reaching the earth from these sources is expected to be of very low intensity .
no attempts to measure the radio emission of the [staying] planets have been reported , and , because of their distances , small diameters , or low temperatures , the thermal radiation at radio wave lengths reaching the earth from these sources is expected to be of very low intensity .

The bubble was filled to the top and special precautions were taken to prevent any sample from remaining in the capillary .
the bubble was filled to the top and special precautions were taken to prevent any sample from [staying] in the capillary .

The remaining ( incomplete ) components all have an even number of ordinary points at any argument , and are defined only on a proper sub-interval of Aj .
the [staying] ( incomplete ) components all have an even number of ordinary points at any argument , and are defined only on a proper sub-interval of aj .

The remaining names were then checked against the Thomas Register list ( see below ) and duplicate names were removed from the AIA lists .
the [staying] names were then checked against the thomas register list ( see below ) and duplicate names were removed from the aia lists .

The remaining 1,286 returns that were processed came from the categories in Table 2 .
the [staying] 1,286 returns that were processed came from the categories in table 2 .

He recognized that whatever transformation may be effected in the first stage of an R-stage process , the remaining stages must use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to the state resulting from the first stage , if there is to be any chance of optimizing the complete process .
he recognized that whatever transformation may be effected in the first stage of an r-stage process , the [staying] stages must use an optimal af-stage policy with respect to the state resulting from the first stage , if there is to be any chance of optimizing the complete process .

Moreover , by systematically varying the operating conditions in the first stage and always using the optimal Af-stage policy for the remaining stages , we shall eventually find the optimal policy for all R stages .
moreover , by systematically varying the operating conditions in the first stage and always using the optimal af-stage policy for the [staying] stages , we shall eventually find the optimal policy for all r stages .

`` An optimal policy has the property that whatever the initial state and initial decision are , the remaining decisions must constitute an optimal policy with respect to the state resulting from the first decision '' .
`` an optimal policy has the property that whatever the initial state and initial decision are , the [staying] decisions must constitute an optimal policy with respect to the state resulting from the first decision '' .

Since by the principle of optimality the remaining stages use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to Af , we may enter section Af of the table at this state Af and read off the optimal policy for stage Af and the resulting state Af .
since by the principle of optimality the [staying] stages use an optimal af-stage policy with respect to af , we may enter section af of the table at this state af and read off the optimal policy for stage af and the resulting state af .

And thus torn between his desire to be known as the composer of a successful opera and the necessity of remaining true to his proclaimed desire for anonymity , Rousseau suffered through several painful weeks .
and thus torn between his desire to be known as the composer of a successful opera and the necessity of [staying] true to his proclaimed desire for anonymity , rousseau suffered through several painful weeks .

Anita put out the remaining candles with a long snuffer , and in the smell of scented candlewick , the comforting awareness of each other's bodies , the retained pattern of dancers and guests remembered , their minds grew numb and then empty of images .
anita put out the [staying] candles with a long snuffer , and in the smell of scented candlewick , the comforting awareness of each other's bodies , the retained pattern of dancers and guests remembered , their minds grew numb and then empty of images .

Being picked up for questioning by a cop on the way out seemed to be the only possible remaining danger , and we weren't picked up by a cop .
being picked up for questioning by a cop on the way out seemed to be the only possible [staying] danger , and we weren't picked up by a cop .

Powers was covering the remaining guard .
powers was covering the [staying] guard .

They reined in there , Brannon remaining in the saddle while Hogan went to look for Jesse Macklin in the hotel dining room .
they reined in there , brannon [staying] in the saddle while hogan went to look for jesse macklin in the hotel dining room .

Then he calmly and carefully slugged the remaining five shots into the venomous head -- caught in the wicker back of the chair , the eyes dead on him as the life finally went out of the brute .
then he calmly and carefully slugged the [staying] five shots into the venomous head -- caught in the wicker back of the chair , the eyes dead on him as the life finally went out of the brute .

In any case he would be thrusting a burden on his remaining sons , making them parties to a deception peculiarly his own .
in any case he would be thrusting a burden on his [staying] sons , making them parties to a deception peculiarly his own .

It was safe to assume that Papa , sighing heavily , had said many times to his remaining daughter , `` Thank God your poor mother was spared this '' , and indeed it might be true that it had been easier for Henrietta to leave , with her hand in Charles' hand , just because her `` poor mother '' was gone already and would never know .
it was safe to assume that papa , sighing heavily , had said many times to his [staying] daughter , `` thank god your poor mother was spared this '' , and indeed it might be true that it had been easier for henrietta to leave , with her hand in charles' hand , just because her `` poor mother '' was gone already and would never know .

Students at one of Oxford 's two remaining women-only colleges have lost their battle to keep men out .
students at one of oxford 's two [staying] women-only colleges have lost their battle to keep men out .

And every parent has just been sent a letter — which claims ’ both Labour and the Liberal Demcrats have stated their intention to close down the remaining grammar schools . ’
and every parent has just been sent a letter — which claims ’ both labour and the liberal demcrats have stated their intention to close down the [staying] grammar schools . ’

The Monetgo and Maestro are the only remaining throwbacks to the previous era at Cowley .
the monetgo and maestro are the only [staying] throwbacks to the previous era at cowley .

The lights in the sky mean it 's over for Heyford 's last remaining servicemen in the Gulf .
the lights in the sky mean it 's over for heyford 's last [staying] servicemen in the gulf .

Welcome back : The last remaining personal possessions of Robert Maxwell have been sold at auction for about half a million pounds .
welcome back : the last [staying] personal possessions of robert maxwell have been sold at auction for about half a million pounds .

Although most of the remaining buildings will be cleared … the memory of Britain 's first nuclear power station will last some time
although most of the [staying] buildings will be cleared … the memory of britain 's first nuclear power station will last some time

They told the remaining post office staff not to raise the alarm for another thirty minutes .
they told the [staying] post office staff not to raise the alarm for another thirty minutes .

The few gypsies remaining on the site this afternoon , who 've asked not to be identified , claim they were picked on in a motiveless attack .
the few gypsies [staying] on the site this afternoon , who 've asked not to be identified , claim they were picked on in a motiveless attack .

One of Oxford 's two remaining women-only colleges has tonight decided to admit men for the first time in a hundred years .
one of oxford 's two [staying] women-only colleges has tonight decided to admit men for the first time in a hundred years .

The station 's 240 remaining staff saw off the last of the nuclear fuel elements .
the station 's 240 [staying] staff saw off the last of the nuclear fuel elements .

Now this mine will soon close , leaving just one other remaining .
now this mine will soon close , leaving just one other [staying] .

But they 're not going fast enough for some residents of nearby welland , last night at a private meeting there was suggestions that a vigilante group should take the law into their own hands and forcibly evict the remaining travellers .
but they 're not going fast enough for some residents of nearby welland , last night at a private meeting there was suggestions that a vigilante group should take the law into their own hands and forcibly evict the [staying] travellers .

Some of the remaining staff will move to other Leyland Daf companies in Birmingham and Lancashire .
some of the [staying] staff will move to other leyland daf companies in birmingham and lancashire .

They 're the only remaining workingtools in the buildings that used to house one of the largest railworks in the country .
they 're the only [staying] workingtools in the buildings that used to house one of the largest railworks in the country .

As for those remaining at Smiths they can only hope that the recession has done it 's worst — and that further job cuts are not on the horizon .
as for those [staying] at smiths they can only hope that the recession has done it 's worst — and that further job cuts are not on the horizon .

Students have stepped up their protest over plans to admit men to one of Oxford University 's last remaining women 's colleges .
students have stepped up their protest over plans to admit men to one of oxford university 's last [staying] women 's colleges .

Students have stepped up their protest over plans to admit men to one of Oxford University 's last remaining women 's colleges .
students have stepped up their protest over plans to admit men to one of oxford university 's last [staying] women 's colleges .

The few remaining travellers in Gloucestershire say that they 'll soon be on the move , and predict fresh clashes with the police this summer :
the few [staying] travellers in gloucestershire say that they 'll soon be on the move , and predict fresh clashes with the police this summer :

So eleven minutes remaining plus a little bit of injury time , it 's still Spurs three , Oxford United one , United go forward , a chip forward there by Simpson .
so eleven minutes [staying] plus a little bit of injury time , it 's still spurs three , oxford united one , united go forward , a chip forward there by simpson .

Eleven minutes of this tie remaining , it 's far from dead , Martin Foyle ..
eleven minutes of this tie [staying] , it 's far from dead , martin foyle ..

Paul Biddle squandered another chance for Milton on seventy one minutes as he put the ball wide from close range and then with ten minutes remaining , Fairmile offered themselves a glimmer of hope as Wayne Glossop fired home through a ruck of players .
paul biddle squandered another chance for milton on seventy one minutes as he put the ball wide from close range and then with ten minutes [staying] , fairmile offered themselves a glimmer of hope as wayne glossop fired home through a ruck of players .

With four minutes of the match remaining , a scramble in the Didcot goal mouth saw Patterson hold his head in disbelief as his shot went literally inches wide , to stop them at least taking the match into extra time , and give a most relieved Didcot a one nil victory to go into the third round .
with four minutes of the match [staying] , a scramble in the didcot goal mouth saw patterson hold his head in disbelief as his shot went literally inches wide , to stop them at least taking the match into extra time , and give a most relieved didcot a one nil victory to go into the third round .

Tonight 's headlines ; Oxford United come back in remarkable fashion from Molyneux , trailing by three goals to nil after twenty four minutes and with four minutes remaining to go , United scored twice to equalise .
tonight 's headlines ; oxford united come back in remarkable fashion from molyneux , trailing by three goals to nil after twenty four minutes and with four minutes [staying] to go , united scored twice to equalise .

They drew three three away to Wolves after trailing by three goals to one with just four minutes remaining , the full story of this exciting game — Nick Harris .
they drew three three away to wolves after trailing by three goals to one with just four minutes [staying] , the full story of this exciting game — nick harris .

Just to repeat , with four minutes remaining , United were trailing by three goals to one , the final score ; Wolves three , United three .
just to repeat , with four minutes [staying] , united were trailing by three goals to one , the final score ; wolves three , united three .

But time was running out and with just two minutes remaining , Nigel Mott secured the points as he headed home Paul Biddle 's cross to make it two nil .
but time was running out and with just two minutes [staying] , nigel mott secured the points as he headed home paul biddle 's cross to make it two nil .

Mick did well to hold a cross from Tony McGovern before , with a minute of the first half remaining , City scored their third .
mick did well to hold a cross from tony mcgovern before , with a minute of the first half [staying] , city scored their third .

The company will pay the greater of the sum insured or the total sale value of the units remaining allocated to the account and the account will cease on the death or earlier permanent disability of Melvin or the death or earlier permanent disability of Lisa .
the company will pay the greater of the sum insured or the total sale value of the units [staying] allocated to the account and the account will cease on the death or earlier permanent disability of melvin or the death or earlier permanent disability of lisa .

Those remaining after the receivers began the ‘ painful ’ task of cutting jobs in an attempt to avoid the total closure of the company feared more losses in the near future .
those [staying] after the receivers began the ‘ painful ’ task of cutting jobs in an attempt to avoid the total closure of the company feared more losses in the near future .

Both Labour MPs protested strongly to Mr Stewart that immediate Government action was essential if a vital part of the remaining industrial base in Glasgow is to be saved .
both labour mps protested strongly to mr stewart that immediate government action was essential if a vital part of the [staying] industrial base in glasgow is to be saved .

The remaining 21 per cent lived on privately-owned sites .
the [staying] 21 per cent lived on privately-owned sites .

Yesterday , Ian Forrest , who has just moved his home , a truck , from Glen Moriston to Laggan , said the protest would involve residents of both the 40-strong Laggan site and the ten remaining at Glen Moriston .
yesterday , ian forrest , who has just moved his home , a truck , from glen moriston to laggan , said the protest would involve residents of both the 40-strong laggan site and the ten [staying] at glen moriston .

Sarajevo 's power went out late on Tuesday afternoon when fighting in the northwest of the city cut the only remaining electricity line in two places .
sarajevo 's power went out late on tuesday afternoon when fighting in the northwest of the city cut the only [staying] electricity line in two places .

It is believed that Mr Christie in Edinburgh last night met the four remaining directors on the board , the former chairman , Hamish Deans , and his son George , and Jim Johnston and the Edinburgh lawyer Sandy Moffat .
it is believed that mr christie in edinburgh last night met the four [staying] directors on the board , the former chairman , hamish deans , and his son george , and jim johnston and the edinburgh lawyer sandy moffat .

The college wants to make the sale , sanctioned by the Charity Commissioners last summer , to set up a fund for maintaining and refurbishing its Founder 's Building , as well as caring for the remaining pictures .
the college wants to make the sale , sanctioned by the charity commissioners last summer , to set up a fund for maintaining and refurbishing its founder 's building , as well as caring for the [staying] pictures .

To help with its endowment fund , the London college also plans to sell a Constable and Gainsborough from the remaining 76 works decorating its walls .
to help with its endowment fund , the london college also plans to sell a constable and gainsborough from the [staying] 76 works decorating its walls .

The oilmen were taken off by a fleet of helicopters after the vessel lost one of its anchors and was later forced to shed its seven remaining ones .
the oilmen were taken off by a fleet of helicopters after the vessel lost one of its anchors and was later forced to shed its seven [staying] ones .

An appeal will be made to the Scottish Secretary , Ian Lang , to become involved in safeguarding the plant 's future and the remaining 480 jobs .
an appeal will be made to the scottish secretary , ian lang , to become involved in safeguarding the plant 's future and the [staying] 480 jobs .

They will be paid £20 a year per acre for the first 12 acres , £10 for the next 12 , and £4 an acre for remaining land .
they will be paid £20 a year per acre for the first 12 acres , £10 for the next 12 , and £4 an acre for [staying] land .

They have a vested interest in starving Bosnian Muslims out of their remaining enclaves in the eastern part of the republic and controlling whatever comes in by road .
they have a vested interest in starving bosnian muslims out of their [staying] enclaves in the eastern part of the republic and controlling whatever comes in by road .

The gathering was small but that did not diminish the effect of the occasion as two of only 12 remaining Scottish survivors — out of 500 Scots who fought on the republican side in the Spanish Civil War — gathered with district council representatives to pay their respects at a simple ceremony .
the gathering was small but that did not diminish the effect of the occasion as two of only 12 [staying] scottish survivors — out of 500 scots who fought on the republican side in the spanish civil war — gathered with district council representatives to pay their respects at a simple ceremony .

Because of the ten-year lead time involved in planning and commissioning new stations , thought is already being given to the eventual need to replace the remaining Hunterston plant .
because of the ten-year lead time involved in planning and commissioning new stations , thought is already being given to the eventual need to replace the [staying] hunterston plant .

‘ This will allow us to concentrate more on developing the growth potential of our remaining newspapers operations . ’
‘ this will allow us to concentrate more on developing the growth potential of our [staying] newspapers operations . ’

The Fimbra guidance note , which was first published in July , warns advisers that : ‘ It should be clearly demonstrated that the beneficiaries ’ rights in the ( company ) scheme are fully taken into account , ’ and that anyone contemplating a transfer must be advised that there are four options open to them , including remaining in the scheme as a deferred member .
the fimbra guidance note , which was first published in july , warns advisers that : ‘ it should be clearly demonstrated that the beneficiaries ’ rights in the ( company ) scheme are fully taken into account , ’ and that anyone contemplating a transfer must be advised that there are four options open to them , including [staying] in the scheme as a deferred member .

But the remaining Lilley employees , former employees and pensioners have been assured that the pension fund itself is intact .
but the [staying] lilley employees , former employees and pensioners have been assured that the pension fund itself is intact .

The remaining 63 are to be created at the Bo'ness sewing centre .
the [staying] 63 are to be created at the bo'ness sewing centre .

Tax on the remaining £1,640 should have been charged at the basic rate of 25 per cent , which would make your tax bill £410 .
tax on the [staying] £1,640 should have been charged at the basic rate of 25 per cent , which would make your tax bill £410 .

The survey also found an increased awareness among employers of the need to tackle the effect of redundancies on remaining staff with 42 per cent reporting increased communication with employees .
the survey also found an increased awareness among employers of the need to tackle the effect of redundancies on [staying] staff with 42 per cent reporting increased communication with employees .

He had been asked to serve not only by the four remaining directors , but also by the three directors who were unseated at an extraordinary general meeting last week .
he had been asked to serve not only by the four [staying] directors , but also by the three directors who were unseated at an extraordinary general meeting last week .

Rumours of another realignment of the remaining exchange rate mechanism currencies to coincide with the Group of Seven meeting this week-end triggered a rush for marks which also put the French franc and Spanish peseta under pressure .
rumours of another realignment of the [staying] exchange rate mechanism currencies to coincide with the group of seven meeting this week-end triggered a rush for marks which also put the french franc and spanish peseta under pressure .

Mr Wood , who retires later this year , said : ‘ The society 's strong financial base will ensure that we are well able to maintain our key objective of remaining an independent financial unit serving the needs of the local community we know so well . ’
mr wood , who retires later this year , said : ‘ the society 's strong financial base will ensure that we are well able to maintain our key objective of [staying] an independent financial unit serving the needs of the local community we know so well . ’

Mr Wood said of the figures : ‘ The society 's strong financial base will ensure that we are well able to maintain our key objective of remaining an independent financial unit serving the needs of the local community we know so well .
mr wood said of the figures : ‘ the society 's strong financial base will ensure that we are well able to maintain our key objective of [staying] an independent financial unit serving the needs of the local community we know so well .

Corden said that the club would settle ‘ without bitterness ’ the remaining two years of Gray 's contract .
corden said that the club would settle ‘ without bitterness ’ the [staying] two years of gray 's contract .

Despite holding the seat only last May with a 70pc majority , Labour are running scared that they will now lose their last remaining stronghold in Wear Valley .
despite holding the seat only last may with a 70pc majority , labour are running scared that they will now lose their last [staying] stronghold in wear valley .

Work will start on Monday , involving an average of 250 of Rosyth 's remaining workforce of 3,500 .
work will start on monday , involving an average of 250 of rosyth 's [staying] workforce of 3,500 .

The closures will also allow £483,000 extra to be spent on the region 's remaining ten centres .
the closures will also allow £483,000 extra to be spent on the region 's [staying] ten centres .

Seafield will be retained for another use and outdoor education staff will be redeployed to remaining centres .
seafield will be retained for another use and outdoor education staff will be redeployed to [staying] centres .

Strathclyde says that although the number of bed nights at its remaining centres will be reduced by 17 per cent to 110,600 , the range and quality of education will be improved .
strathclyde says that although the number of bed nights at its [staying] centres will be reduced by 17 per cent to 110,600 , the range and quality of education will be improved .

Monetary targets have been extended with the narrow money supply target remaining at zero to 4 per cent while the broad money target range has been widened a point on either side to between 3 and 9 per cent .
monetary targets have been extended with the narrow money supply target [staying] at zero to 4 per cent while the broad money target range has been widened a point on either side to between 3 and 9 per cent .

The remaining five had all been on suspension for about 12 months following an incident which resulted in police and internal disciplinary inquiries .
the [staying] five had all been on suspension for about 12 months following an incident which resulted in police and internal disciplinary inquiries .

Murray denies four remaining charges alleging he supplied heroin to five men at the depot on 31 December , 1991 , and was concerned in supplying the drug .
murray denies four [staying] charges alleging he supplied heroin to five men at the depot on 31 december , 1991 , and was concerned in supplying the drug .

German embassy officials in Moscow said the unframed pictures , contained in a battered brown portfolio , had been handed back to the embassy by a former Red Army officer who insisted on remaining anonymous .
german embassy officials in moscow said the unframed pictures , contained in a battered brown portfolio , had been handed back to the embassy by a former red army officer who insisted on [staying] anonymous .

The remaining ten were freed early yesterday .
the [staying] ten were freed early yesterday .

’ He also praised the military remaining above the political fray , and said support for Mr Yeltsin was growing .
’ he also praised the military [staying] above the political fray , and said support for mr yeltsin was growing .

But ministers were remaining tight-lipped about the reports , which , if true , would probably not satisfy Tory rebels and the package would be unlikely to get through the Commons .
but ministers were [staying] tight-lipped about the reports , which , if true , would probably not satisfy tory rebels and the package would be unlikely to get through the commons .

‘ It 's making a clicking sound — the sort of sound you make when you click your thumb and forefinger together — but the others are remaining silent .
‘ it 's making a clicking sound — the sort of sound you make when you click your thumb and forefinger together — but the others are [staying] silent .

Amid charges of a short-term political fix from Labour , the Liberal Democrats and the remaining handful of diehard Tory dissidents , Mr Heseltine said the mines would be given a new chance to compete and eased the way for full privatisation of the coal industry .
amid charges of a short-term political fix from labour , the liberal democrats and the [staying] handful of diehard tory dissidents , mr heseltine said the mines would be given a new chance to compete and eased the way for full privatisation of the coal industry .

’ Guppy could become bankrupt over the affair , and no profit would remain once he had provided the remaining cash to the court .
’ guppy could become bankrupt over the affair , and no profit would remain once he had provided the [staying] cash to the court .

His wife had been particularly anxious that Guppy should surrender any remaining money from his crimes , said Mr Langdale .
his wife had been particularly anxious that guppy should surrender any [staying] money from his crimes , said mr langdale .

Moreover , there is nothing in the 152-page report to satisfy the Opposition , industry or the few remaining Tory rebels that the Government has come out of the review with a national energy policy .
moreover , there is nothing in the 152-page report to satisfy the opposition , industry or the few [staying] tory rebels that the government has come out of the review with a national energy policy .

Sterling fared better , remaining firm through the speech .
sterling fared better , [staying] firm through the speech .

Most owners , however , will keep the engine speed between 2000rpm and 4500rpm where there is sufficient torque to outperform any remaining GTi without having to put up with the din from a high-revving multi-valve power GTi unit .
most owners , however , will keep the engine speed between 2000rpm and 4500rpm where there is sufficient torque to outperform any [staying] gti without having to put up with the din from a high-revving multi-valve power gti unit .

In the pathfinder prospectus for next month 's stock market flotation , published today , the directors state that they see ‘ the greatest potential for profitable growth ’ from privatisation of the 32 remaining municipally-owned bus operations and 10 London bus companies .
in the pathfinder prospectus for next month 's stock market flotation , published today , the directors state that they see ‘ the greatest potential for profitable growth ’ from privatisation of the 32 [staying] municipally-owned bus operations and 10 london bus companies .

Surely we must assume that the Scottish Secretary , Ian Lang , had the common sense to warn his colleagues in the Cabinet that the fuel tax would be a suicide note for the remaining Tory MPs in Scotland ? Presumably they ignored him and he will be glad to relinquish his bed of nails as Secretary of State .
surely we must assume that the scottish secretary , ian lang , had the common sense to warn his colleagues in the cabinet that the fuel tax would be a suicide note for the [staying] tory mps in scotland ? presumably they ignored him and he will be glad to relinquish his bed of nails as secretary of state .

Checks are still being made on the remaining two .
checks are still being made on the [staying] two .

The outcome will have no immediate impact on the future of Scotland 's only remaining deep mine , at Longannet in Fife , which was not on British Coal 's original hitlist of pits for closure .
the outcome will have no immediate impact on the future of scotland 's only [staying] deep mine , at longannet in fife , which was not on british coal 's original hitlist of pits for closure .

Making his 17th successive appearance since replacing Henry Smith in December , Walker was voted man of the match , which was mainly thanks to a fingertip save from a Michael O'Neill shot in the first half and a crucial stop which denied Paddy Connolly with only ten minutes remaining .
making his 17th successive appearance since replacing henry smith in december , walker was voted man of the match , which was mainly thanks to a fingertip save from a michael o'neill shot in the first half and a crucial stop which denied paddy connolly with only ten minutes [staying] .

It was McFarlane who netted the vital goal on Saturday against Edinburgh Civil Service with only 26 seconds remaining .
it was mcfarlane who netted the vital goal on saturday against edinburgh civil service with only 26 seconds [staying] .

It is the coach 's intention to have experience at the core of his team , bearing in mind the exceptional nature of the opposition , but Roxburgh did not rule out the possibility of a new arrival suddenly thrusting himself into consideration for one of Scotland 's remaining World Cup qualifying ties on the strength of a display against the Germans .
it is the coach 's intention to have experience at the core of his team , bearing in mind the exceptional nature of the opposition , but roxburgh did not rule out the possibility of a new arrival suddenly thrusting himself into consideration for one of scotland 's [staying] world cup qualifying ties on the strength of a display against the germans .

The remaining fixtures on today 's Premier card have the look of relegation dogfights .
the [staying] fixtures on today 's premier card have the look of relegation dogfights .

Nine months later President Zia lifted martial law , but kept the ultimate reins of power firmly in his grasp , remaining both president and army chief .
nine months later president zia lifted martial law , but kept the ultimate reins of power firmly in his grasp , [staying] both president and army chief .

In so far as the goal is to extract a ‘ clean ’ data set of ordered clones and probes , but which is still large enough to minimize the number of contigs , a high initial redundancy implies that less additional effort is needed to close any remaining gaps when all available probes are used and all contiguous clones are ordered .
in so far as the goal is to extract a ‘ clean ’ data set of ordered clones and probes , but which is still large enough to minimize the number of contigs , a high initial redundancy implies that less additional effort is needed to close any [staying] gaps when all available probes are used and all contiguous clones are ordered .

Although most residents were being relocated in any of the 34 remaining council homes for the elderly , some had gone to private homes and some had gone to other counties to be closer to relatives .
although most residents were being relocated in any of the 34 [staying] council homes for the elderly , some had gone to private homes and some had gone to other counties to be closer to relatives .

Although most residents were being relocated in any of the 34 remaining council homes for the elderly , some had gone to private homes and some had gone to other counties to be closer to relatives .
although most residents were being relocated in any of the 34 [staying] council homes for the elderly , some had gone to private homes and some had gone to other counties to be closer to relatives .

Conder 's management has also asked to have spaces in the remaining car park reserved for its staff .
conder 's management has also asked to have spaces in the [staying] car park reserved for its staff .

And the remaining cash is to be set aside to clear up the old Blacketts brickworks off Alexander Street , Darlington , where residents have complained of fly tipping .
and the [staying] cash is to be set aside to clear up the old blacketts brickworks off alexander street , darlington , where residents have complained of fly tipping .

‘ Needless to say , ’ adds our man with the scales of justice , ‘ the remaining frogs have been found a new home by the Tees . ’
‘ needless to say , ’ adds our man with the scales of justice , ‘ the [staying] frogs have been found a new home by the tees . ’

For his own charges , the escape from the relegation quicksand now depends on success in their remaining two games — away against Edinburgh Acads and at home to fellow toilers , Stirling County .
for his own charges , the escape from the relegation quicksand now depends on success in their [staying] two games — away against edinburgh acads and at home to fellow toilers , stirling county .

Dine in the Alstadt , that tiny remaining scrap of old Dusseldorf , at Carl Masson 's superb fish restaurant and imbibe the bustling , brasserie-style atmosphere .
dine in the alstadt , that tiny [staying] scrap of old dusseldorf , at carl masson 's superb fish restaurant and imbibe the bustling , brasserie-style atmosphere .

After Eduard Abazi had a shot pushed on to the bar by Wright , Raklli finally broke through with just seconds remaining to earn the home side a deserved consolation .
after eduard abazi had a shot pushed on to the bar by wright , raklli finally broke through with just seconds [staying] to earn the home side a deserved consolation .

Swail led 51-35 with only six colours remaining , but he fluffed opportunities to sink the green and brown before a bad safety shot on the blue allowed Hendry to run out a 60-51 victor .
swail led 51-35 with only six colours [staying] , but he fluffed opportunities to sink the green and brown before a bad safety shot on the blue allowed hendry to run out a 60-51 victor .

Around half of the appeal total has already been found , and the centre hopes to raise the remaining sum by autumn this year .
around half of the appeal total has already been found , and the centre hopes to raise the [staying] sum by autumn this year .

Eventually , further money will be raised to complete the remaining two floors to provide a youth centre and possibly a sports hall .
eventually , further money will be raised to complete the [staying] two floors to provide a youth centre and possibly a sports hall .

Two remaining directors , Jim Johnston and Sandy Moffat , are backing hundreds of Falkirk fans who are demanding that the Deans sell their shares in the club — but all four have agreed that Falkirk-born Christie , a Bairns fan , is the man for the chairman 's job .
two [staying] directors , jim johnston and sandy moffat , are backing hundreds of falkirk fans who are demanding that the deans sell their shares in the club — but all four have agreed that falkirk-born christie , a bairns fan , is the man for the chairman 's job .

But the former England captain , who admitted he was a ‘ little bit disappointed ’ with his batting form during the 3-0 series defeat , believes England can still regain some pride in the remaining 3-weeks of the tour .
but the former england captain , who admitted he was a ‘ little bit disappointed ’ with his batting form during the 3-0 series defeat , believes england can still regain some pride in the [staying] 3-weeks of the tour .

Aberdeen 's draw with Dundee United on Wednesday means that Rangers , who are nine points ahead of the Pittodrie side , would need to lose five of their remaining league matches to suffer fatal damage to their prospects .
aberdeen 's draw with dundee united on wednesday means that rangers , who are nine points ahead of the pittodrie side , would need to lose five of their [staying] league matches to suffer fatal damage to their prospects .

In a tree which is already moribund the remaining healthy crown may be suppressed , but the loss of the individual tree is far outweighed by the conservation benefits .
in a tree which is already moribund the [staying] healthy crown may be suppressed , but the loss of the individual tree is far outweighed by the conservation benefits .

The remaining 1 per cent is due to methane , nitrous oxide , ozone , CFCs , and … carbon dioxide .
the [staying] 1 per cent is due to methane , nitrous oxide , ozone , cfcs , and … carbon dioxide .

Most importantly , John Smith has finally backed moves to rid the party of what is perceived to be the biggest unwanted legacy remaining of its heritage , the voting power of the trade unions .
most importantly , john smith has finally backed moves to rid the party of what is perceived to be the biggest unwanted legacy [staying] of its heritage , the voting power of the trade unions .

‘ We need to win at least seven of our remaining games .
‘ we need to win at least seven of our [staying] games .

By shuffling the duties of the remaining officers the ruling Liberal Democrats claim that they will save up to £29,000 a year on the council 's wages bill .
by shuffling the duties of the [staying] officers the ruling liberal democrats claim that they will save up to £29,000 a year on the council 's wages bill .

After coming back magnificently from two goals down with 20 minutes remaining , two goals in the last five minutes meant the Quakers , who dominated the game , are still without a win at home in two months .
after coming back magnificently from two goals down with 20 minutes [staying] , two goals in the last five minutes meant the quakers , who dominated the game , are still without a win at home in two months .

After coming back magnificently from two goals down with 20 minutes remaining , two goals gifted to Reading in the last five minutes consigned Darlington , who dominated the game , to defeat and left them without a win at home in two months .
after coming back magnificently from two goals down with 20 minutes [staying] , two goals gifted to reading in the last five minutes consigned darlington , who dominated the game , to defeat and left them without a win at home in two months .

Baker will miss out on a proposed £80,000 move to Torquay and Pool 's remaining Third Division matches this season .
baker will miss out on a proposed £80,000 move to torquay and pool 's [staying] third division matches this season .

Remaining a spinster , Louisa settled in Ripon , where she taught in the Sunday school and held embroidery classes .
[staying] a spinster , louisa settled in ripon , where she taught in the sunday school and held embroidery classes .

The college want to make the sale , sanctioned by the Charity Commissioners last summer , to set up an endowment fund for maintenance , restoration and refurbishment of Royal Holloway 's Founder 's Building , as well as for the upkeep and security for the remaining pictures .
the college want to make the sale , sanctioned by the charity commissioners last summer , to set up an endowment fund for maintenance , restoration and refurbishment of royal holloway 's founder 's building , as well as for the upkeep and security for the [staying] pictures .

To help with their endowment fund , the Royal Holloway also hope to sell a Constable and Gainsborough from the remaining 76 works decorating their walls .
to help with their endowment fund , the royal holloway also hope to sell a constable and gainsborough from the [staying] 76 works decorating their walls .

However , Delyn Borough Council says a new church next to the Mynydd Isa community centre would create parking problems and take away one of the last remaining green spaces in the sprawling housing estates near Mold .
however , delyn borough council says a new church next to the mynydd isa community centre would create parking problems and take away one of the last [staying] green spaces in the sprawling housing estates near mold .

Last week Sugar sent a letter to every member of Tottenham 's staff confirming his intention of remaining in control of the club .
last week sugar sent a letter to every member of tottenham 's staff confirming his intention of [staying] in control of the club .

The result means that Lillywhite 's advantage has been cut to 20 seconds by Simensen , now in second place , with today 's 86-mile stage from Liverpool to Salford and tomorrow 's city-centre circuit race at Manchester remaining .
the result means that lillywhite 's advantage has been cut to 20 seconds by simensen , now in second place , with today 's 86-mile stage from liverpool to salford and tomorrow 's city-centre circuit race at manchester [staying] .

Married people will have to treat the pension rights they earn as partly conditional on their remaining married .
married people will have to treat the pension rights they earn as partly conditional on their [staying] married .

Technically Ireland have still to secure two points from their remaining two qualifying games for the American finals , but bookmakers are already rating them an 8–1 on shot to make the trip following their 2–0 win over Lithuania in Dublin this week .
technically ireland have still to secure two points from their [staying] two qualifying games for the american finals , but bookmakers are already rating them an 8–1 on shot to make the trip following their 2–0 win over lithuania in dublin this week .

Venables insists Taylor should be allowed to stay in charge of England 's World Cup campaign for the three remaining make-or-break qualifiers .
venables insists taylor should be allowed to stay in charge of england 's world cup campaign for the three [staying] make-or-break qualifiers .

’ We can certainly win those three remaining games and if we do , the picture might be totally different , ’ said Spurs ' chief executive .
’ we can certainly win those three [staying] games and if we do , the picture might be totally different , ’ said spurs ' chief executive .

With ten minutes remaining Lynda Brown brought off a fine save from Coleraine keeper Wendy Campbell .
with ten minutes [staying] lynda brown brought off a fine save from coleraine keeper wendy campbell .

With two games remaining in Group One Scotland are out of contention to go the United States , but the Swiss look virtually certain to be one of the 24 nations involved in the finals .
with two games [staying] in group one scotland are out of contention to go the united states , but the swiss look virtually certain to be one of the 24 nations involved in the finals .

With three minutes of the first half remaining , Pegasus won their fourth short corner .
with three minutes of the first half [staying] , pegasus won their fourth short corner .

Ferguson blasted home a 30-yard drive with six minutes remaining , and there were only two minutes on the clock when substitute Trevor McMullan hit the jackpot from 20 yards .
ferguson blasted home a 30-yard drive with six minutes [staying] , and there were only two minutes on the clock when substitute trevor mcmullan hit the jackpot from 20 yards .

The best chance of the game fell to McDonald with nine minutes remaining .
the best chance of the game fell to mcdonald with nine minutes [staying] .

The remaining tumour is benign , but the damage to her brain is still causing her to stop breathing between 10 and 15 times a day .
the [staying] tumour is benign , but the damage to her brain is still causing her to stop breathing between 10 and 15 times a day .

The only major obstacle remaining , mutual recognition , has clinched the deal .
the only major obstacle [staying] , mutual recognition , has clinched the deal .

Waiting at the doorway of the wind beaten mud hut were the last remaining members of his family — his grandparents , who owed their sight problem to cataracts .
waiting at the doorway of the wind beaten mud hut were the last [staying] members of his family — his grandparents , who owed their sight problem to cataracts .

Membership has always been voluntary , remaining at less than 10 per cent of the possible total and the considerable workload has been carried by a small , enthusiastic group .
membership has always been voluntary , [staying] at less than 10 per cent of the possible total and the considerable workload has been carried by a small , enthusiastic group .

Pris is later joined in the apartment by Irmgard and Roy Baty , the remaining replicants .
pris is later joined in the apartment by irmgard and roy baty , the [staying] replicants .

After Deckard has ‘ retired ’ the remaining replicants , he recognises that he will not be able to continue as a bounty hunter .
after deckard has ‘ retired ’ the [staying] replicants , he recognises that he will not be able to continue as a bounty hunter .

She goes on to make a new life in Hampshire with Harry still remaining ignorant of her great change and her children , of which she is extremely fond , remaining unaffected .
she goes on to make a new life in hampshire with harry still [staying] ignorant of her great change and her children , of which she is extremely fond , [staying] unaffected .

However , Dr Adams manipulates the remaining children , as he knows that they can telepathically communicate with Tommy , Michael and Jenny , to get the three of them back .
however , dr adams manipulates the [staying] children , as he knows that they can telepathically communicate with tommy , michael and jenny , to get the three of them back .

Ponyboy constantly reminisces about those ‘ golden times ’ when his parents were alive and how , now , their lives were a daily struggle to survive and keep the remaining family together without the love , warmth and security that their parents would have provided .
ponyboy constantly reminisces about those ‘ golden times ’ when his parents were alive and how , now , their lives were a daily struggle to survive and keep the [staying] family together without the love , warmth and security that their parents would have provided .

‘ Natural Aurilism ’ on the other hand is the technique used to develop a child 's remaining hearing by use of powerful , high quality hearing aids .
‘ natural aurilism ’ on the other hand is the technique used to develop a child 's [staying] hearing by use of powerful , high quality hearing aids .

’ Llewelyn plucked the pen from his secretary 's hand , and swept the remaining letters from before him .
’ llewelyn plucked the pen from his secretary 's hand , and swept the [staying] letters from before him .

Alcoholic drink , tobacco , housing , fuel and light , and clothing and footwear are as before , but the remaining groups have been restructured as food , catering , household goods , household services , personal items , motoring expenditure , fares etc .
alcoholic drink , tobacco , housing , fuel and light , and clothing and footwear are as before , but the [staying] groups have been restructured as food , catering , household goods , household services , personal items , motoring expenditure , fares etc .

As medical care improves , a much more ‘ beehive ’ shaped profile becomes the standard pattern with death being fairly unlikely before the age of about 60 , at which point the remaining scourges of cancer and heart disease maintain the pyramid form for the older age groups .
as medical care improves , a much more ‘ beehive ’ shaped profile becomes the standard pattern with death being fairly unlikely before the age of about 60 , at which point the [staying] scourges of cancer and heart disease maintain the pyramid form for the older age groups .

The column headed e x requires some explanation ; it represents the average length of life remaining to a bird that has attained its xth birthday .
the column headed e x requires some explanation ; it represents the average length of life [staying] to a bird that has attained its xth birthday .

Draw up a life table for a cohort of 5000 students showing , for each year of study , the probability of leaving and the expected remaining stay calculated on the assumption that one-tenth of the leavers in any year depart at random times during the year and the remainder go at the end of that year .
draw up a life table for a cohort of 5000 students showing , for each year of study , the probability of leaving and the expected [staying] stay calculated on the assumption that one-tenth of the leavers in any year depart at random times during the year and the remainder go at the end of that year .

Maturities refer to the remaining maturity , not the original .
maturities refer to the [staying] maturity , not the original .

The government also pursued policies designed to encourage a commercial ethos in the remaining public enterprises .
the government also pursued policies designed to encourage a commercial ethos in the [staying] public enterprises .

Automation can be expected steadily to solve any remaining problems of under production .
automation can be expected steadily to solve any [staying] problems of under production .

This constituted the formal abandonment of the second and , since the suspension of dollar/gold convertibility in 1971 , the only remaining basic principle of the Bretton Woods system which was thus now dead .
this constituted the formal abandonment of the second and , since the suspension of dollar/gold convertibility in 1971 , the only [staying] basic principle of the bretton woods system which was thus now dead .

It did n't seem to matter that much , because Rose knew exactly what was expected of her and quickly undid the remaining buttons of her blouse , revealing ample breasts well worthy of her name .
it did n't seem to matter that much , because rose knew exactly what was expected of her and quickly undid the [staying] buttons of her blouse , revealing ample breasts well worthy of her name .

It is , however , the work of the remaining Russians that intrigues even more and most notably the Surrealist Home and the Sky : the Life of Plants , which is a kind of film-set by the Moscow-born Igor Orlov and the Form and Continuity by Nikolai Ovtchinnikov , who welcomes us to the show and is illustrated on the front page .
it is , however , the work of the [staying] russians that intrigues even more and most notably the surrealist home and the sky : the life of plants , which is a kind of film-set by the moscow-born igor orlov and the form and continuity by nikolai ovtchinnikov , who welcomes us to the show and is illustrated on the front page .

The remaining 20 polytechnics are expected to adopt the university label shortly .
the [staying] 20 polytechnics are expected to adopt the university label shortly .

He admitted remaining a staunch supporter of the Meat and Livestock Commission which had done excellent work over the years .
he admitted [staying] a staunch supporter of the meat and livestock commission which had done excellent work over the years .

With a total of £26.5m still remaining as potentially collectable , the local authority sent out a further 15,000 reminders last month .
with a total of £26.5m still [staying] as potentially collectable , the local authority sent out a further 15,000 reminders last month .

The young German eventually got in front with seven laps remaining when Senna 's McLaren appeared to develop a technical problem , Schumacher squeezing past at the final hairpin .
the young german eventually got in front with seven laps [staying] when senna 's mclaren appeared to develop a technical problem , schumacher squeezing past at the final hairpin .

Agassi withdrew last Friday from the grass court event in Halle , but yesterday he took the last remaining wild card reserved for him by tournament organisers hopeful he would be fit to play .
agassi withdrew last friday from the grass court event in halle , but yesterday he took the last [staying] wild card reserved for him by tournament organisers hopeful he would be fit to play .

Most of them will have to play in our remaining games .
most of them will have to play in our [staying] games .

Residents of the remaining ten wards Acklam , Beckfield , Beechwood , Berwick Hills , Gresham , Grove Hill , Kirby , Linthorpe , North Ormesby and Pallister will vote in Middlesbrough .
residents of the [staying] ten wards acklam , beckfield , beechwood , berwick hills , gresham , grove hill , kirby , linthorpe , north ormesby and pallister will vote in middlesbrough .

The Cleveland Search and Rescue team , lead by local member Gary Finch , quickly located the remaining two and rescued them within 90 minutes .
the cleveland search and rescue team , lead by local member gary finch , quickly located the [staying] two and rescued them within 90 minutes .

By now , Quakers needed to win eight of their remaining games .
by now , quakers needed to win eight of their [staying] games .

Council trading standards officer Eric Robinson said the council 's contract management officer and the direct services manager would be sent into the school today ‘ to address any remaining cleaning problems ’ .
council trading standards officer eric robinson said the council 's contract management officer and the direct services manager would be sent into the school today ‘ to address any [staying] cleaning problems ’ .

‘ We can only demolish as and when a number of properties become available and can be taken out without affecting the remaining properties , ’ said Mr Allan .
‘ we can only demolish as and when a number of properties become available and can be taken out without affecting the [staying] properties , ’ said mr allan .

The first Test at Old Trafford eight wickets , including that unforgettable first ball dismissal of Mike Gatting must have convinced any remaining doubters that Warne will be a key figure this summer .
the first test at old trafford eight wickets , including that unforgettable first ball dismissal of mike gatting must have convinced any [staying] doubters that warne will be a key figure this summer .

With three relatively easy home fixtures remaining , player-coach Ivan Whitfield is confident his side can make their top-eight target .
with three relatively easy home fixtures [staying] , player-coach ivan whitfield is confident his side can make their top-eight target .

But the two remaining away games offer much sterner opposition .
but the two [staying] away games offer much sterner opposition .

The National League new boys are one of six teams chasing four remaining play-off places in the third division .
the national league new boys are one of six teams chasing four [staying] play-off places in the third division .

We will have 81 if we win seven of our remaining 12 games .
we will have 81 if we win seven of our [staying] 12 games .

They would have to win their remaining two games by big margins to have a chance of escaping , starting next week at Walsall , who are just above them .
they would have to win their [staying] two games by big margins to have a chance of escaping , starting next week at walsall , who are just above them .

The defence will remain unchanged in the continued absence of central defender Kevin Ball , who is recovering from a knee injury , and if Goodman is available Crosby will have to choose between former England international Peter Davenport or young striker David Rush for the remaining midfield slot .
the defence will remain unchanged in the continued absence of central defender kevin ball , who is recovering from a knee injury , and if goodman is available crosby will have to choose between former england international peter davenport or young striker david rush for the [staying] midfield slot .

His return and the improved fitness of defender Kevin Ball has increased the pressure on places for the club 's remaining five games .
his return and the improved fitness of defender kevin ball has increased the pressure on places for the club 's [staying] five games .

Crosby has 18 players in his squad all fighting to make a Wembley impression in the remaining four league games .
crosby has 18 players in his squad all fighting to make a wembley impression in the [staying] four league games .

Cuskin took over in third place , with a deficit of 1 min 21 secs for the final 3 miles 80 yards circuit and he hit the front with a mile remaining , recording the fastest time of the afternoon to win by 23 secs .
cuskin took over in third place , with a deficit of 1 min 21 secs for the final 3 miles 80 yards circuit and he hit the front with a mile [staying] , recording the fastest time of the afternoon to win by 23 secs .

Another winner of its three heats , Watabid ( 10 metres ) also faces a stiff challenge against one of the remaining back markers , Ah Jaycee , which wears the stripes and receives three metres in the first semi-final tonight .
another winner of its three heats , watabid ( 10 metres ) also faces a stiff challenge against one of the [staying] back markers , ah jaycee , which wears the stripes and receives three metres in the first semi-final tonight .

In doing so , the Halls declared their intention to attempt an overall boardroom coup by acquiring the shares of their four remaining fellow-directors , George Forbes , Peter Mallinger , Derek McVickers and Freddie Shepherd .
in doing so , the halls declared their intention to attempt an overall boardroom coup by acquiring the shares of their four [staying] fellow-directors , george forbes , peter mallinger , derek mcvickers and freddie shepherd .

Others who also cared that some of the few remaining oak trees would be felled , stone walls and hedges destroyed , and that the dippers on this stretch of the river Dee would be driven off by low flying golf balls , ducked the issue and remained silent .
others who also cared that some of the few [staying] oak trees would be felled , stone walls and hedges destroyed , and that the dippers on this stretch of the river dee would be driven off by low flying golf balls , ducked the issue and remained silent .

The 26-year-old England international was content to track Sunderland Harrier Malcolm Price for most of the race , kicking away with 1,400 metres remaining and gradually extending his lead to win by 70 metres .
the 26-year-old england international was content to track sunderland harrier malcolm price for most of the race , kicking away with 1,400 metres [staying] and gradually extending his lead to win by 70 metres .

Middlesbrough are already well placed to win the Northern League division one championship for the second successive year and promotion to the premier league will be assured if they win their remaining games .
middlesbrough are already well placed to win the northern league division one championship for the second successive year and promotion to the premier league will be assured if they win their [staying] games .

They were then struggling at 127 for four with 16 overs remaining but Byas pulled Caddick for six to restore confidence , which was boosted even further when he was dropped on the boundary edge by Andy Hayhurst when 27 .
they were then struggling at 127 for four with 16 overs [staying] but byas pulled caddick for six to restore confidence , which was boosted even further when he was dropped on the boundary edge by andy hayhurst when 27 .

Curiously , the phrase was dropped from the dialogue , remaining only as the title , but it became a kind of smart catchphrase .
curiously , the phrase was dropped from the dialogue , [staying] only as the title , but it became a kind of smart catchphrase .

With much of the finishing work already transferred to Little rock , Arkansas and 269 redundancies already agreed at Broughton , the remaining workforce is worried about the long term .
with much of the finishing work already transferred to little rock , arkansas and 269 redundancies already agreed at broughton , the [staying] workforce is worried about the long term .

Mind you , mastering the stilts was nothing compared to the challenge of remaining astride a unicycle :
mind you , mastering the stilts was nothing compared to the challenge of [staying] astride a unicycle :

Workmen on the site have been helping archaeologists to find the remaining skeletons .
workmen on the site have been helping archaeologists to find the [staying] skeletons .

Robin Haire and Adrian Semple made sure of knocking off the remaining runs , leaving them with an over and a half to spare .
robin haire and adrian semple made sure of knocking off the [staying] runs , leaving them with an over and a half to spare .

Remaining are the main office block , the Klondyke Building ( recently re-roofed ) , the retort house , the metre house and engineering workshops .
[staying] are the main office block , the klondyke building ( recently re-roofed ) , the retort house , the metre house and engineering workshops .

Bangor were bowled out for with two and a half overs still remaining .
bangor were bowled out for with two and a half overs still [staying] .

They say it shows little respect for the environment and have managed to pursuade council officials to consider putting preservation orders on the remaining trees .
they say it shows little respect for the environment and have managed to pursuade council officials to consider putting preservation orders on the [staying] trees .

Tonight officials from Vale of White Horse District Council are urgently considering a preservation order on the remaining trees .
tonight officials from vale of white horse district council are urgently considering a preservation order on the [staying] trees .

The prison department said that by 9.30am the vast majority of prisoners had surrendered and by 11.15 the remaining handful of inmates had given themselves up .
the prison department said that by 9.30am the vast majority of prisoners had surrendered and by 11.15 the [staying] handful of inmates had given themselves up .

House-hunters in the Castlereagh area still have the opportunity to purchase a few remaining properties through the scheme and can get further information by ringing freephone 333644 .
house-hunters in the castlereagh area still have the opportunity to purchase a few [staying] properties through the scheme and can get further information by ringing freephone 333644 .

Ferguson blasted home a 30-yard drive with six minutes remaining , and there were only two minutes on the clock when substitute Trevor McMullan hit the jackpot from 20 yards .
ferguson blasted home a 30-yard drive with six minutes [staying] , and there were only two minutes on the clock when substitute trevor mcmullan hit the jackpot from 20 yards .

With four minutes remaining until half time McCoy , so often a match-winner and making his second appearance after a prolonged lay-off with a groin injury , darted down the left flank , crossed and Ferris with a hurtling header of power beat the hapless Eachus .
with four minutes [staying] until half time mccoy , so often a match-winner and making his second appearance after a prolonged lay-off with a groin injury , darted down the left flank , crossed and ferris with a hurtling header of power beat the hapless eachus .

Caution will be the name of the game as he attempts to collect more points and take another step towards fulfilling his ambition of winning all remaining fixtures before the December retirement .
caution will be the name of the game as he attempts to collect more points and take another step towards fulfilling his ambition of winning all [staying] fixtures before the december retirement .

But the Scots equalised with just four minutes left on the clock , Khalid Bashir 's shot taking a deflection off Roger Johnston 's stick before beating Iain Kelly and then , with seconds remaining , experienced international Roddy Philip grabbed the winner from a penalty corner .
but the scots equalised with just four minutes left on the clock , khalid bashir 's shot taking a deflection off roger johnston 's stick before beating iain kelly and then , with seconds [staying] , experienced international roddy philip grabbed the winner from a penalty corner .

After they have gone there would be financial chaos with severely or perhaps mortally wounded airlines remaining at the City — it might take years for a network of routes to be soundly re-established .
after they have gone there would be financial chaos with severely or perhaps mortally wounded airlines [staying] at the city — it might take years for a network of routes to be soundly re-established .

Their 100 plus points lead is virtually unassailable and the only question remaining is who will be relegated .
their 100 plus points lead is virtually unassailable and the only question [staying] is who will be relegated .

Despite the pain she struggled on but almost inevitably lost the two remaining sets 6-3 6-3 .
despite the pain she struggled on but almost inevitably lost the two [staying] sets 6-3 6-3 .

But whatever happens in our three remaining games against Latvia , Denmark and the Republic , Worthington is adamant it wo n't be the end of the World for him — or Northern Ireland .
but whatever happens in our three [staying] games against latvia , denmark and the republic , worthington is adamant it wo n't be the end of the world for him — or northern ireland .

With just over 20 miles to go Curry led Boone by 1.10 , but the less experienced Roe Valley rider was starting to slow , and as they came past the finish line with 16 miles remaining his lead was down to 48 seconds .
with just over 20 miles to go curry led boone by 1.10 , but the less experienced roe valley rider was starting to slow , and as they came past the finish line with 16 miles [staying] his lead was down to 48 seconds .

However , the remaining four frames amazingly took less than 23 minutes .
however , the [staying] four frames amazingly took less than 23 minutes .

An anonymous businessman has given them the remaining amount .
an anonymous businessman has given them the [staying] amount .

Chinese officials are saying the plane was highjacked , but are remaining tight-lipped about any other details .
chinese officials are saying the plane was highjacked , but are [staying] tight-lipped about any other details .

When the Sabbat family is restored to Kuwaiti , what will happen to the remaining Palestinians ?
when the sabbat family is restored to kuwaiti , what will happen to the [staying] palestinians ?

the remaining £327 million will be retained for investment in the business .
the [staying] £327 million will be retained for investment in the business .

The delivery of more than nine out of every ten items ( 95 % ) was straightforward , but in the remaining cases delivery was , for a number of reasons , less than straightforward .
the delivery of more than nine out of every ten items ( 95 % ) was straightforward , but in the [staying] cases delivery was , for a number of reasons , less than straightforward .

Of the 3978 items issued to readers , 3729 ( 94% ) showed no need of repair , but the remaining 249 ( 6% ) appeared to require some attention .
of the 3978 items issued to readers , 3729 ( 94% ) showed no need of repair , but the [staying] 249 ( 6% ) appeared to require some attention .

This chapter is in a sense a crucial point in the course : although the segmental material of the preceding chapters is important as a foundation , the relationship between strong and weak syllables and the overall prosodic characteristics of words and sentences are essential to intelligibility , and most of the remaining chapters of the course are concerned with such matters .
this chapter is in a sense a crucial point in the course : although the segmental material of the preceding chapters is important as a foundation , the relationship between strong and weak syllables and the overall prosodic characteristics of words and sentences are essential to intelligibility , and most of the [staying] chapters of the course are concerned with such matters .

The remaining weak-form words are all auxiliary verbs , which are always used in conjunction with ( or at least implying ) another ( ‘ full ’ ) verb .
the [staying] weak-form words are all auxiliary verbs , which are always used in conjunction with ( or at least implying ) another ( ‘ full ’ ) verb .

The first thing to notice is that we have a choice of saying these with the pitch remaining at a constant level , or with the pitch changing from one level to another .
the first thing to notice is that we have a choice of saying these with the pitch [staying] at a constant level , or with the pitch changing from one level to another .

The only remaining problem is that we have three different sorts of diphthong : those which glide to ( , , ) , those which glide to ( , ) and those which glide to ( , , ) .
the only [staying] problem is that we have three different sorts of diphthong : those which glide to ( , , ) , those which glide to ( , ) and those which glide to ( , , ) .

For the remainder of the 1990s , he expected that 75 per cent of aircraft orders would be from airlines with the remaining 25 per cent coming from leasing companies .
for the remainder of the 1990s , he expected that 75 per cent of aircraft orders would be from airlines with the [staying] 25 per cent coming from leasing companies .

‘ All the remaining aircraft will have to be financed on other balance sheets or through facilities such as Exim , ’ says Dr Ryan .
‘ all the [staying] aircraft will have to be financed on other balance sheets or through facilities such as exim , ’ says dr ryan .

The pit at Newton-le-Willows is the Lancashire coalfield 's only remaining mine .
the pit at newton-le-willows is the lancashire coalfield 's only [staying] mine .

Their protest was part of the bid to win a last-minute reprieve for Parkside , Lancashire 's last remaining mine .
their protest was part of the bid to win a last-minute reprieve for parkside , lancashire 's last [staying] mine .

The gym and other sports rooms would be relocated in the remaining building .
the gym and other sports rooms would be relocated in the [staying] building .

Barrow has had to add Spencer Whelan , Craig Goodwin and Mark Limbert to the remaining fit 11 from the Brighton game , and could play himself against Rotherham .
barrow has had to add spencer whelan , craig goodwin and mark limbert to the [staying] fit 11 from the brighton game , and could play himself against rotherham .

The remaining 475 will transfer to Bodelwyddan .
the [staying] 475 will transfer to bodelwyddan .

The flying forward scored the all-important first goal for Spartak and created a second for Andrei Piatnitski with three minutes remaining .
the flying forward scored the all-important first goal for spartak and created a second for andrei piatnitski with three minutes [staying] .

Remaining shareholders are being offered 32p a share .
[staying] shareholders are being offered 32p a share .

Barry Swart of First National is to become chairman of Ansbacher , with present chairman Richard Fenhalls remaining as chief executive .
barry swart of first national is to become chairman of ansbacher , with present chairman richard fenhalls [staying] as chief executive .

Maurice Freeman grabbed a second for Nova and with eight minutes remaining Graham Murphy equalised to force extra time .
maurice freeman grabbed a second for nova and with eight minutes [staying] graham murphy equalised to force extra time .

With 13 minutes remaining of a dull second half , John Morrissey knocked a pass inside to the midfield schemer .
with 13 minutes [staying] of a dull second half , john morrissey knocked a pass inside to the midfield schemer .

Mr Moorhead kept the two remaining pupils in the part of the school where the air was least affected .
mr moorhead kept the two [staying] pupils in the part of the school where the air was least affected .

Mr Sugar , 46 , who owns 35.4pc of the company , is offering to buy the remaining shares at 30p each and take Amstrad back into private ownership .
mr sugar , 46 , who owns 35.4pc of the company , is offering to buy the [staying] shares at 30p each and take amstrad back into private ownership .

Sybillin had been foot perfect up to that point and , far from being put off by the drama around him , flew the remaining fences to come home 10 lengths clear of Knight 's Spur .
sybillin had been foot perfect up to that point and , far from being put off by the drama around him , flew the [staying] fences to come home 10 lengths clear of knight 's spur .

One of the two remaining ferry boats would be kept as a stand-by vessel and the other would be stripped of its engine and berthed at Canning Dock for possible shopping or leisure purposes .
one of the two [staying] ferry boats would be kept as a stand-by vessel and the other would be stripped of its engine and berthed at canning dock for possible shopping or leisure purposes .

The remaining 475 will transfer to Bodelwyddan .
the [staying] 475 will transfer to bodelwyddan .

THey will march through the town centre in protest at pit closures , hoping to win a reprieve for Parkside Colliery Lancashire 's only remaining mine and save 730 jobs .
they will march through the town centre in protest at pit closures , hoping to win a reprieve for parkside colliery lancashire 's only [staying] mine and save 730 jobs .

Some of the remaining 700 posts already exist on Merseyside .
some of the [staying] 700 posts already exist on merseyside .

Given sufficient time with other things remaining unchanged , prices and wages would eventually be adjusted and full employment may be restored .
given sufficient time with other things [staying] unchanged , prices and wages would eventually be adjusted and full employment may be restored .

There are plans to eliminate the two remaining plumes , by-products from the adipic acid plants .
there are plans to eliminate the two [staying] plumes , by-products from the adipic acid plants .

This is a particularly good way of entering and remaining in more distant markets , or in any market where it is difficult or impossible to export finished goods .
this is a particularly good way of entering and [staying] in more distant markets , or in any market where it is difficult or impossible to export finished goods .

It 's good practice to use three balls in rotation in cold weather , one being in play on any one hole , and the two others remaining in your pocket where your body heat can keep them at a reasonable temperature .
it 's good practice to use three balls in rotation in cold weather , one being in play on any one hole , and the two others [staying] in your pocket where your body heat can keep them at a reasonable temperature .

Repeat the process by chipping to spots level with the remaining three clubs .
repeat the process by chipping to spots level with the [staying] three clubs .

He has now undergone a total of 10 operations , of which five have been to straighten up the three remaining toes on his left foot .
he has now undergone a total of 10 operations , of which five have been to straighten up the three [staying] toes on his left foot .

The final item to mention is the remaining footpedal for bank selection .
the final item to mention is the [staying] footpedal for bank selection .

The remaining rear sockets are for connecting a volume pedal , headphones ( mini jack ) , stereo outputs and guitar input .
the [staying] rear sockets are for connecting a volume pedal , headphones ( mini jack ) , stereo outputs and guitar input .

The body 's symmetrical horns join the neck at the seventeenth fret , leaving the remaining four on the 21-fret neck positioned over the body .
the body 's symmetrical horns join the neck at the seventeenth fret , leaving the [staying] four on the 21-fret neck positioned over the body .

They seem to be locked in a time warp but this has become their biggest selling point because , by remaining stubbornly unlike every other manufacturer , their instruments can not fail to be distinctive .
they seem to be locked in a time warp but this has become their biggest selling point because , by [staying] stubbornly unlike every other manufacturer , their instruments can not fail to be distinctive .

The remaining oxygen atoms simply accumulate in the atmosphere .
the [staying] oxygen atoms simply accumulate in the atmosphere .

The remaining reptiles were probably left-over from the Permian and some were the ancestors of the dinosaurs and other reptiles of later Mesozoic times .
the [staying] reptiles were probably left-over from the permian and some were the ancestors of the dinosaurs and other reptiles of later mesozoic times .

Its skull — two metres long — was well developed , with three strong pointed horns useful for defence and for stripping some of the remaining shorter fronds , resembling the cycads used in Florida as indoor pot-plants .
its skull — two metres long — was well developed , with three strong pointed horns useful for defence and for stripping some of the [staying] shorter fronds , resembling the cycads used in florida as indoor pot-plants .

To achieve a sound similar to that on the record ( forgetting , if we can , the unbelievable production quality of this whole album ) you should use a fairly distorted amp setting and play the solo using fingerstyle throughout . Mark generally uses the flesh of his r/hand thumb and first finger , plus occasionally his second ( do n't use your fingernails ) , and for support he tends to rest his palm on the bridge and his remaining fingers on the front of the guitar …
to achieve a sound similar to that on the record ( forgetting , if we can , the unbelievable production quality of this whole album ) you should use a fairly distorted amp setting and play the solo using fingerstyle throughout . mark generally uses the flesh of his r/hand thumb and first finger , plus occasionally his second ( do n't use your fingernails ) , and for support he tends to rest his palm on the bridge and his [staying] fingers on the front of the guitar …

Nevertheless , the paradox is that a small , cheapish amp still has to sound like a beast , whilst remaining tame and housetrained in all other respects .
nevertheless , the paradox is that a small , cheapish amp still has to sound like a beast , whilst [staying] tame and housetrained in all other respects .

While he was in the stable saddling up his horse , he did not realise that his mother-in-law was only now breaking the news to Sarah that she would be remaining in Leeds .
while he was in the stable saddling up his horse , he did not realise that his mother-in-law was only now breaking the news to sarah that she would be [staying] in leeds .

The winter drew on towards Christmas with the weather remaining unseasonably mild .
the winter drew on towards christmas with the weather [staying] unseasonably mild .

Almost perfect , but not quite : the emotional freighting which it acquired in transmission deprived the Arnoldian message of any remaining austerity .
almost perfect , but not quite : the emotional freighting which it acquired in transmission deprived the arnoldian message of any [staying] austerity .

‘ biblical standard , given for the well-being of society ... [ that ] fornication , adultery and homosexual acts are sinful in all circumstances ... [ and that ] Christian leaders are called on to be exemplary in all spheres of morality , including sexual morality , as a condition of being appointed to or remaining in office .
‘ biblical standard , given for the well-being of society ... [ that ] fornication , adultery and homosexual acts are sinful in all circumstances ... [ and that ] christian leaders are called on to be exemplary in all spheres of morality , including sexual morality , as a condition of being appointed to or [staying] in office .

Now , although no bombs ever fell in the country district where they lived , from time to time the air raid warning sirens would sound and Sylvia 's mother would take her baby and make her way to the shelter at the bottom of the garden , remaining there until she heard the ‘ all-clear ’ .
now , although no bombs ever fell in the country district where they lived , from time to time the air raid warning sirens would sound and sylvia 's mother would take her baby and make her way to the shelter at the bottom of the garden , [staying] there until she heard the ‘ all-clear ’ .

In the case of the fry remaining with the parents this may be particles of the adult 's food .
in the case of the fry [staying] with the parents this may be particles of the adult 's food .

While the filter is maturing , take a look at your remaining fish and assess their condition .
while the filter is maturing , take a look at your [staying] fish and assess their condition .

Repeat steps 3 and 4 with the remaining three fabrics .
repeat steps 3 and 4 with the [staying] three fabrics .

Place the remaining vegetables in a bowl of cold water .
place the [staying] vegetables in a bowl of cold water .

10 Dissolve the remaining sugar in 300 ml ( ½ pt ) water .
10 dissolve the [staying] sugar in 300 ml ( ½ pt ) water .

Add the remaining tangerines and the brandy , then simmer for 10 min .
add the [staying] tangerines and the brandy , then simmer for 10 min .

6 Melt the remaining chocolate in a basin over pan of hot water .
6 melt the [staying] chocolate in a basin over pan of hot water .

Notice that the frequency of the output wave is unaffected , this remaining the same as the frequency of the input clock pulses .
notice that the frequency of the output wave is unaffected , this [staying] the same as the frequency of the input clock pulses .

The safest way to proceed with a project that uses any unusual components is to buy these components first , and to only go on to buy the remaining components once you actually have the ‘ hard to find ’ items in your possession .
the safest way to proceed with a project that uses any unusual components is to buy these components first , and to only go on to buy the [staying] components once you actually have the ‘ hard to find ’ items in your possession .

2 Lay the cod fillets on top and scatter over the remaining vegetables and lemon .
2 lay the cod fillets on top and scatter over the [staying] vegetables and lemon .

Repeat with remaining flour , fruit and almonds , then stir in brandy .
repeat with [staying] flour , fruit and almonds , then stir in brandy .

Roll out remaining marzipan to an 18cm/7in round , place on top of cake and trim around edges .
roll out [staying] marzipan to an 18cm/7in round , place on top of cake and trim around edges .

Spread rest of smaller cake with jam and cover with remaining marzipan , as before .
spread rest of smaller cake with jam and cover with [staying] marzipan , as before .

Colour half of the remaining royal icing dark green , place in a paper piping bag and snip the end to a V-shape .
colour half of the [staying] royal icing dark green , place in a paper piping bag and snip the end to a v-shape .

Put the remaining royal icing in a paper piping bag and snip the end to a V-shape .
put the [staying] royal icing in a paper piping bag and snip the end to a v-shape .

Colour the remaining sugar paste icing different shades of brown and model a house with door , shutters and chimney .
colour the [staying] sugar paste icing different shades of brown and model a house with door , shutters and chimney .

Sift in the remaining flour and salt .
sift in the [staying] flour and salt .

Halve the remaining cake vertically .
halve the [staying] cake vertically .

Brush all four cakes with the remaining apricot glaze .
brush all four cakes with the [staying] apricot glaze .

Press pieces of white icing on to the remaining green icing , then roll and fold the ends into the centre .
press pieces of white icing on to the [staying] green icing , then roll and fold the ends into the centre .

Repeat the process with the remaining butter , filling and pastry until it is all used up .
repeat the process with the [staying] butter , filling and pastry until it is all used up .

Leave to cool in the tin for 10–20 minutes and sprinkle with two-thirds of remaining bourbon .
leave to cool in the tin for 10–20 minutes and sprinkle with two-thirds of [staying] bourbon .

Take a new but washed tea towel or piece of muslin large enough to hold the cake and moisten with half of the remaining bourbon .
take a new but washed tea towel or piece of muslin large enough to hold the cake and moisten with half of the [staying] bourbon .

Keep them warm while frying the remaining mixture .
keep them warm while frying the [staying] mixture .

Transfer cooked croquettes to a plate and keep them warm while frying the remaining mixture .
transfer cooked croquettes to a plate and keep them warm while frying the [staying] mixture .

Trickle over remaining olive oil and bake for about 20 minutes .
trickle over [staying] olive oil and bake for about 20 minutes .

Sprinkle over the remaining olive oil and freshly ground pepper .
sprinkle over the [staying] olive oil and freshly ground pepper .

Pour into the well in the flour with the remaining onion liquid .
pour into the well in the flour with the [staying] onion liquid .

Turn the lamb over and sprinkle with the remaining herbs and another tablespoon of the oil .
turn the lamb over and sprinkle with the [staying] herbs and another tablespoon of the oil .

Heat the remaining oil and half of the butter in a heavy-based frying pan .
heat the [staying] oil and half of the butter in a heavy-based frying pan .

Season the lamb and add the remaining butter to the pan .
season the lamb and add the [staying] butter to the pan .

For the second course , serve the meat and vegetables with the reserved broth , remaining croûtons and the marrow bones ( provide small spoons for extracting the marrow from the bones ) .
for the second course , serve the meat and vegetables with the reserved broth , [staying] croûtons and the marrow bones ( provide small spoons for extracting the marrow from the bones ) .

When the whole side has been removed , pull off the backbone and cut the remaining salmon into pieces .
when the whole side has been removed , pull off the backbone and cut the [staying] salmon into pieces .

Drizzle over the remaining oil .
drizzle over the [staying] oil .

Any remaining tickets can be bought at the door on the night of the demonstration .
any [staying] tickets can be bought at the door on the night of the demonstration .

Roll out remaining pastry and use to cover the pie .
roll out [staying] pastry and use to cover the pie .

Brush the top with milk and sprinkle with remaining cheese .
brush the top with milk and sprinkle with [staying] cheese .

Toast both sides of four rounds and one side of the remaining eight .
toast both sides of four rounds and one side of the [staying] eight .

Top with the remaining rounds of toast .
top with the [staying] rounds of toast .

Spoon into the basin and cover with remaining bread .
spoon into the basin and cover with [staying] bread .

Place the remaining onion , garlic , toast or tortilla , tomatoes and chillies in the processor , whizz until blended and stir into the nut mixture .
place the [staying] onion , garlic , toast or tortilla , tomatoes and chillies in the processor , whizz until blended and stir into the nut mixture .

4 Heat the remaining oil in the pan and gently fry the nut and tomato mixture for 2–3 minutes , stirring constantly .
4 heat the [staying] oil in the pan and gently fry the nut and tomato mixture for 2–3 minutes , stirring constantly .

Sprinkle over remaining sesame seeds .
sprinkle over [staying] sesame seeds .

Leaving a 4cm/1½in border , spread the corn mixture lengthways over half of the pastry , then cover the remaining half with the pepper mixture .
leaving a 4cm/1½in border , spread the corn mixture lengthways over half of the pastry , then cover the [staying] half with the pepper mixture .

The remaining data buttons are ‘ Effect ’ , ‘ Map ’ and ‘ Channel ’ .
the [staying] data buttons are ‘ effect ’ , ‘ map ’ and ‘ channel ’ .

Then , experiment with other intervals on all of the remaining pairs of strings .
then , experiment with other intervals on all of the [staying] pairs of strings .

The numerous inns providing car parking in their spacious yards and former stables are remaining links with Howden 's previous importance .
the numerous inns providing car parking in their spacious yards and former stables are [staying] links with howden 's previous importance .

Three of the chapels were demolished , the remaining one is converted to a house .
three of the chapels were demolished , the [staying] one is converted to a house .

Despite its age there are few of the early features of Patrington remaining .
despite its age there are few of the early features of patrington [staying] .

Triton Cottage , dating from around 1700 , is the earliest house remaining in the village .
triton cottage , dating from around 1700 , is the earliest house [staying] in the village .

Of the few remaining large houses , Mere House which faces the pond is possibly the oldest , thought to be Elizabethan and reputed to have been visited by the ghost of a monk .
of the few [staying] large houses , mere house which faces the pond is possibly the oldest , thought to be elizabethan and reputed to have been visited by the ghost of a monk .

Similarly , with potato crisps , have you ever known anyone not finish a packet they started ? There are even some ( not you , of course ! ) who have been known to lick the first finger of the right hand and dip it into the bottom of the packet , so that those tiny remaining crumbs of crisp can be finished off .
similarly , with potato crisps , have you ever known anyone not finish a packet they started ? there are even some ( not you , of course ! ) who have been known to lick the first finger of the right hand and dip it into the bottom of the packet , so that those tiny [staying] crumbs of crisp can be finished off .

The remaining half of the Fibre-Filler plays an equally helpful role in aiding willpower .
the [staying] half of the fibre-filler plays an equally helpful role in aiding willpower .

In these circumstances , this might be the best time to eat the remaining portion .
in these circumstances , this might be the best time to eat the [staying] portion .

John had decided to dig a depth of nine feet , but after removing four feet of earth , the men hit a hard band of shale and a Kango breaker was hired to remove the remaining debris .
john had decided to dig a depth of nine feet , but after removing four feet of earth , the men hit a hard band of shale and a kango breaker was hired to remove the [staying] debris .

This is not advised however , because once the film of living tissue which covers the hard skeleton is broken and breached , bacteria and protozoans soon find a way below the remaining film and destroy the polyps .
this is not advised however , because once the film of living tissue which covers the hard skeleton is broken and breached , bacteria and protozoans soon find a way below the [staying] film and destroy the polyps .

As the remaining fish are healthy , this pathogen is probably no longer in the system .
as the [staying] fish are healthy , this pathogen is probably no longer in the system .

Take , for instance , Michael Lynagh 's courageous decision in Farr-Jones ' absence in the Wallabies ' quarter-final clash with Ireland at Lansdowne Road when the fighting Irish were three points up with only minutes remaining .
take , for instance , michael lynagh 's courageous decision in farr-jones ' absence in the wallabies ' quarter-final clash with ireland at lansdowne road when the fighting irish were three points up with only minutes [staying] .

Consequently this chapter settles on Schrager and Short 's amended definition of corporate crime whilst remaining sensitive to those avoidable harmful corporate acts which are excluded .
consequently this chapter settles on schrager and short 's amended definition of corporate crime whilst [staying] sensitive to those avoidable harmful corporate acts which are excluded .

By nationalizing for a specific period — length depending upon the expected time needed for rehabilitation and the severity of the offence — and placing public-appointed directors to the board with a duty to inform the public and advise the remaining corporate directors , the chances of recidivating could be reduced considerably .
by nationalizing for a specific period — length depending upon the expected time needed for rehabilitation and the severity of the offence — and placing public-appointed directors to the board with a duty to inform the public and advise the [staying] corporate directors , the chances of recidivating could be reduced considerably .

Although in many cases modern technology had reduced the necessity for large staffs , households were conscious of the need to accommodate their remaining servants in well-appointed rooms , with better facilities and labour-saving devices .
although in many cases modern technology had reduced the necessity for large staffs , households were conscious of the need to accommodate their [staying] servants in well-appointed rooms , with better facilities and labour-saving devices .

Earlier , with just seconds remaining of normal time , Mark Hughes had been sent off for a second bookable offence and his team mates then produced a magnificent display of courageous football to keep themselves in this tie .
earlier , with just seconds [staying] of normal time , mark hughes had been sent off for a second bookable offence and his team mates then produced a magnificent display of courageous football to keep themselves in this tie .

They had already been unlucky with just five minutes remaining in normal time , when Neil Webb 's shot cannoned back off the foot of the post .
they had already been unlucky with just five minutes [staying] in normal time , when neil webb 's shot cannoned back off the foot of the post .

Then with only seconds remaining of normal time Hughes was given his marching orders for a foul on his tormentor Fillimonov .
then with only seconds [staying] of normal time hughes was given his marching orders for a foul on his tormentor fillimonov .

Given the remaining time left open for consultations within the professions and the time needed to enact rule changes , the requirement is unlikely to reach the statute books before 1990 .
given the [staying] time left open for consultations within the professions and the time needed to enact rule changes , the requirement is unlikely to reach the statute books before 1990 .

Unfortunately the remaining strings are not always words .
unfortunately the [staying] strings are not always words .

However words do not combine arbitrarily to form phrases and sentences , so higher level constraints can be applied to reduce the remaining ambiguity .
however words do not combine arbitrarily to form phrases and sentences , so higher level constraints can be applied to reduce the [staying] ambiguity .

Additional knowledge about how words may combine to form sentences , and about how sentences are put together to produce text will also be necessary to resolve remaining ambiguity at the lexical level .
additional knowledge about how words may combine to form sentences , and about how sentences are put together to produce text will also be necessary to resolve [staying] ambiguity at the lexical level .

Most authors suggest that ambiguity remaining after initial lexical processing would be reduced by applying higher level context , such as syntax and semantics .
most authors suggest that ambiguity [staying] after initial lexical processing would be reduced by applying higher level context , such as syntax and semantics .

Text recognition has the same remaining problem as handwriting recognition .
text recognition has the same [staying] problem as handwriting recognition .

The major problem with the use of n-grams is that the candidate strings remaining after look-up are not guaranteed to be words .
the major problem with the use of n-grams is that the candidate strings [staying] after look-up are not guaranteed to be words .

There is an optimum point in the 26-way tree , below which it is more economical in memory to represent the remaining parts of the words in a linked list than in the standard tree nodes .
there is an optimum point in the 26-way tree , below which it is more economical in memory to represent the [staying] parts of the words in a linked list than in the standard tree nodes .

Damerau ( 1964 ; see also Peterson , 1980 ; Ullman , 1977 ) states that 80% of errors are the result of the following four types of error ( for typescript ) . Presumably the remaining 20% are formed from combinations of these four classifications :
damerau ( 1964 ; see also peterson , 1980 ; ullman , 1977 ) states that 80% of errors are the result of the following four types of error ( for typescript ) . presumably the [staying] 20% are formed from combinations of these four classifications :

The remaining 16 occurrences are mostly combinations of at least two of the described problems .
the [staying] 16 occurrences are mostly combinations of at least two of the described problems .

In many cases this list already numbers over 100 , so correction techniques applied to such a long list would probably take too long to be worthwhile implementing , and the results from such techniques would produce many more candidates which would all have to be processed through the remaining stages of the recognition system .
in many cases this list already numbers over 100 , so correction techniques applied to such a long list would probably take too long to be worthwhile implementing , and the results from such techniques would produce many more candidates which would all have to be processed through the [staying] stages of the recognition system .

Looking at the remaining 16 error cases from our system ( see table 5.4 ) in more detail , it is clear that some of these can in fact be solved by applying some simple substitutions where the recognition has failed .
looking at the [staying] 16 error cases from our system ( see table 5.4 ) in more detail , it is clear that some of these can in fact be solved by applying some simple substitutions where the recognition has failed .

If it were the case that some of the remaining words were radically different from the approximate values for shape and length they could be removed from the list of candidates .
if it were the case that some of the [staying] words were radically different from the approximate values for shape and length they could be removed from the list of candidates .

Acceptable word candidates remaining after lexical look-up are stored for further analysis .
acceptable word candidates [staying] after lexical look-up are stored for further analysis .

And they ruled the waves after trailing by more than three seconds with only 500 metres of the 2,000m course remaining .
and they ruled the waves after trailing by more than three seconds with only 500 metres of the 2,000m course [staying] .

For millionaire Mansell , 39 , with eight Grand Prix wins already this season and five races still remaining , it was the end of a 30-year dream .
for millionaire mansell , 39 , with eight grand prix wins already this season and five races still [staying] , it was the end of a 30-year dream .

‘ Today he went out with a big score on the board and 15 overs remaining .
‘ today he went out with a big score on the board and 15 overs [staying] .

Two years ago a large building company bought up the remaining fields between the sites and the village and filled them with retirement homes .
two years ago a large building company bought up the [staying] fields between the sites and the village and filled them with retirement homes .

Based on a ten year study the report shows remaining areas of woodland and those lost since the end of the First World War .
based on a ten year study the report shows [staying] areas of woodland and those lost since the end of the first world war .

‘ This damning report blows away the the last remaining pretence that recovery is round the corner , ’ Labour industry spokesman Robin Cook said last night .
‘ this damning report blows away the the last [staying] pretence that recovery is round the corner , ’ labour industry spokesman robin cook said last night .

Occasionally — maybe eight or ten times a season on the remaining Saturdays — there were first class fixtures for select fifteens representing the unions in the Currie Cup competition .
occasionally — maybe eight or ten times a season on the [staying] saturdays — there were first class fixtures for select fifteens representing the unions in the currie cup competition .

The remaining tracks are star remixes of previously released material .
the [staying] tracks are star remixes of previously released material .

As a substitute Brian Whitaker , the second most experienced journalist continuously involved with NoS , was drafted to write a journalist 's case for the paper remaining in London .
as a substitute brian whitaker , the second most experienced journalist continuously involved with nos , was drafted to write a journalist 's case for the paper [staying] in london .

But the day was saved by Everett , who agreed — after pressurizing his boss , Alastair Morton — that Guinness Mahon would take up the remaining shares .
but the day was saved by everett , who agreed — after pressurizing his boss , alastair morton — that guinness mahon would take up the [staying] shares .

The remaining 50 per cent were made redundant .
the [staying] 50 per cent were made redundant .

Some may fear that during their absence , colleagues remaining in the home country will forge ahead on the career ladder so that when they return to Britain they will find themselves behind and unable to catch up .
some may fear that during their absence , colleagues [staying] in the home country will forge ahead on the career ladder so that when they return to britain they will find themselves behind and unable to catch up .

Generally speaking , around 80 per cent of companies sending employees to work in Britain base their relocation compensation packages on rented accommodation ; the remaining 20 per cent allow employees to buy property in Britain .
generally speaking , around 80 per cent of companies sending employees to work in britain base their relocation compensation packages on rented accommodation ; the [staying] 20 per cent allow employees to buy property in britain .

He had picked up a group of experienced hunter-killers from the Phoenix NoGo , and turned them loose on the remaining sandrats .
he had picked up a group of experienced hunter-killers from the phoenix nogo , and turned them loose on the [staying] sandrats .

The remaining gangtypes looked at each other .
the [staying] gangtypes looked at each other .

With no new peerages being created , numbers dwindled and election was abolished by the Peerage Act 1963 and all remaining Scottish peers allowed to sit .
with no new peerages being created , numbers dwindled and election was abolished by the peerage act 1963 and all [staying] scottish peers allowed to sit .

It sees the widow as the creator of life who has suddenly become the symbol of death , and who also , as an unsupported woman , may be an expensive burden on the rest of the ‘ tribe ’ for the remaining years of her life .
it sees the widow as the creator of life who has suddenly become the symbol of death , and who also , as an unsupported woman , may be an expensive burden on the rest of the ‘ tribe ’ for the [staying] years of her life .

They want to feel that they are eating the kind of food which will add to the chances of their remaining in good health , but often they can not see how they can do so if their income has been drastically reduced .
they want to feel that they are eating the kind of food which will add to the chances of their [staying] in good health , but often they can not see how they can do so if their income has been drastically reduced .

There is little doubt that , taken to their ultimate conclusion , the full range of proposed reforms would severely wound the remaining teacher education activities of the Catholic Colleges of Higher Education , possibly mortally so .
there is little doubt that , taken to their ultimate conclusion , the full range of proposed reforms would severely wound the [staying] teacher education activities of the catholic colleges of higher education , possibly mortally so .

Certain particles in the sediment would not descend to the base of the cork , often remaining firmly stuck to the inner surface of the bottle .
certain particles in the sediment would not descend to the base of the cork , often [staying] firmly stuck to the inner surface of the bottle .

When the cork is extracted the slush-like sediment shoots out of the bottle and , because the rest of the wine remaining in the bottle is at a much lower temperature than normal , the gas is reluctant to escape , hence there is no spray of foam and the bottle may be topped up and recorked with a minimal loss of pressure .
when the cork is extracted the slush-like sediment shoots out of the bottle and , because the rest of the wine [staying] in the bottle is at a much lower temperature than normal , the gas is reluctant to escape , hence there is no spray of foam and the bottle may be topped up and recorked with a minimal loss of pressure .

Those remaining in the original syndicat took the view that they comprised the élite of the trade and , by protecting the élite , the syndicat would achieve the best possible image for Champagne .
those [staying] in the original syndicat took the view that they comprised the élite of the trade and , by protecting the élite , the syndicat would achieve the best possible image for champagne .

It is likely that in the next few years there will be pressure to bring into production the remaining hectares of delimited land , although economics and the overall strategy of the Champagne market will also play their part .
it is likely that in the next few years there will be pressure to bring into production the [staying] hectares of delimited land , although economics and the overall strategy of the champagne market will also play their part .

This is because the ‘ goodness ’ of the boues rots away into the soil leaving the bulk of non-bio-degradable material remaining which is largely blue plastic .
this is because the ‘ goodness ’ of the boues rots away into the soil leaving the bulk of non-bio-degradable material [staying] which is largely blue plastic .

‘ Damned Ape ! ’ The Captain made a worse mess by inadvertently jerking the glass , then with a single gulp drank the remaining wine , turned and boxed Midnight 's ears in one sequence of movements , ‘ Get a cloth , y'ugly devil . ’
‘ damned ape ! ’ the captain made a worse mess by inadvertently jerking the glass , then with a single gulp drank the [staying] wine , turned and boxed midnight 's ears in one sequence of movements , ‘ get a cloth , y'ugly devil . ’

She was unshackled and they were dragging her from the only remaining hut .
she was unshackled and they were dragging her from the only [staying] hut .

She fetched the jug and , after filling the tankard , dipped a piece of rag into the remaining water and wiped his face .
she fetched the jug and , after filling the tankard , dipped a piece of rag into the [staying] water and wiped his face .

Three in 10 workers admit to having a ‘ spouse ’ in the office while remaining faithful to husbands or wives at home .
three in 10 workers admit to having a ‘ spouse ’ in the office while [staying] faithful to husbands or wives at home .

Brush away any remaining loose material and vacuum the surface to remove dust .
brush away any [staying] loose material and vacuum the surface to remove dust .

Cook chicken for about 15–20 mins each side , spooning over remaining marinade until golden brown .
cook chicken for about 15–20 mins each side , spooning over [staying] marinade until golden brown .

Add remaining ingredients , and stirring bring to the boil .
add [staying] ingredients , and stirring bring to the boil .

Serve in whiskey tumblers , topped with remaining oatmeal .
serve in whiskey tumblers , topped with [staying] oatmeal .

Fry the onions in remaining butter until soft .
fry the onions in [staying] butter until soft .

As you remove paint from the tin , air will replace it and initiate the drying of the remaining paint .
as you remove paint from the tin , air will replace it and initiate the drying of the [staying] paint .

Any remaining works are the property of the artist .
any [staying] works are the property of the artist .

’ The countryside had become flatter since they had passed the raw black scars on the mining areas and the remaining tracts of Sherwood Forest .
’ the countryside had become flatter since they had passed the raw black scars on the mining areas and the [staying] tracts of sherwood forest .

Eventually , the woman left , after putting the remaining coins back into her purse with maddening slowness .
eventually , the woman left , after putting the [staying] coins back into her purse with maddening slowness .

The remaining space afforded by the removal of the existing kitchen was used to provide areas for a Computer Room , two Business Studies Areas , Typing and Office Procedures .
the [staying] space afforded by the removal of the existing kitchen was used to provide areas for a computer room , two business studies areas , typing and office procedures .

If you have any remaining moves to make , continue in the same way .
if you have any [staying] moves to make , continue in the same way .

Fill the number in on the remaining circle on your game card .
fill the number in on the [staying] circle on your game card .

Mix together with remaining ingredients .
mix together with [staying] ingredients .

Stir in remaining ingredients and gently cook , stirring until sugar dissolves .
stir in [staying] ingredients and gently cook , stirring until sugar dissolves .

Sift in remaining flours , cocoa and spice .
sift in [staying] flours , cocoa and spice .

Stir in fruit , treacle , carrot , almonds and remaining port .
stir in fruit , treacle , carrot , almonds and [staying] port .

Whisk remaining ingredients , stir into sugar and almonds and knead .
whisk [staying] ingredients , stir into sugar and almonds and knead .

Sift in half the sugar , beat until smooth , then sift in remaining sugar .
sift in half the sugar , beat until smooth , then sift in [staying] sugar .

Place the lamb in a large casserole and arrange remaining garlic , the lemon chunks and herbs around the edge .
place the lamb in a large casserole and arrange [staying] garlic , the lemon chunks and herbs around the edge .

Through traffic must be kept out and speeds of remaining traffic reduced .
through traffic must be kept out and speeds of [staying] traffic reduced .

Hamburg , for example , has about 30–40 per cent of its road system designated as 50 km/h main streets , with all of the remaining non-industrial roads designated or planned as Tempo 30 .
hamburg , for example , has about 30–40 per cent of its road system designated as 50 km/h main streets , with all of the [staying] non-industrial roads designated or planned as tempo 30 .

It would be surprising if the remaining model areas did not also show gains for the soft modes .
it would be surprising if the [staying] model areas did not also show gains for the soft modes .

The process of acceptance of shared space in Britain has been one of an incremental shift in engineering design , with the aims of building safe housing areas remaining intact but with methods altered .
the process of acceptance of shared space in britain has been one of an incremental shift in engineering design , with the aims of building safe housing areas [staying] intact but with methods altered .

Making 99 per cent of a journey safe and convenient by foot or bike is futile if the remaining one per cent contains a dangerous road crossing or a threatening subway .
making 99 per cent of a journey safe and convenient by foot or bike is futile if the [staying] one per cent contains a dangerous road crossing or a threatening subway .

The walkers are expected to be grateful for the left-over street space that is allocated to them and to not object when more is taken for road widening and comer-shaving , or when motorists use the remaining pavement to park on .
the walkers are expected to be grateful for the left-over street space that is allocated to them and to not object when more is taken for road widening and comer-shaving , or when motorists use the [staying] pavement to park on .

Without doubt , the key element here is that of traffic safety , for if pedestrian-vehicle conflict could be reduced or eradicated , the underlying attractiveness of walking would be revealed and the way cleared to solving the remaining problems .
without doubt , the key element here is that of traffic safety , for if pedestrian-vehicle conflict could be reduced or eradicated , the underlying attractiveness of walking would be revealed and the way cleared to solving the [staying] problems .

Place a sausage on each of the remaining cocktail sticks and put them in the other orange .
place a sausage on each of the [staying] cocktail sticks and put them in the other orange .

One person in the middle is the naughty monkey and has to try and make everybody else either move or laugh . Anyone moving or laughing is out , and the last person remaining is the winner and probably has the worst sense of humour !
one person in the middle is the naughty monkey and has to try and make everybody else either move or laugh . anyone moving or laughing is out , and the last person [staying] is the winner and probably has the worst sense of humour !

He particularly looks forward to the new community centre being built and , with a personal interest in sport , is keen that while still remaining a play area , the football field is developed and used for more formal games .
he particularly looks forward to the new community centre being built and , with a personal interest in sport , is keen that while still [staying] a play area , the football field is developed and used for more formal games .

The hearty Sydneysider Whitney , 33 on Feb 24 , was called up after 80 minutes ' play , and never looked back after disposing of Srikkanth with his third ball : the remaining wickets tumbled as India 's batting fell apart .
the hearty sydneysider whitney , 33 on feb 24 , was called up after 80 minutes ' play , and never looked back after disposing of srikkanth with his third ball : the [staying] wickets tumbled as india 's batting fell apart .

He either could go for the vital boundary himself , or back his and his partner 's ability to hold fast for the remaining three overs and also gather the runs as insurance .
he either could go for the vital boundary himself , or back his and his partner 's ability to hold fast for the [staying] three overs and also gather the runs as insurance .

And although enforcement of the follow-on was a formality with just four sessions remaining , the New Zealanders ' lower-order resistance , coupled with English tiredness , made the likelihood of an away win more open to question .
and although enforcement of the follow-on was a formality with just four sessions [staying] , the new zealanders ' lower-order resistance , coupled with english tiredness , made the likelihood of an away win more open to question .

Play eventually restarted , after what seemed like an age , and meandered to an early finish , but the freak accident served to relegate other matters — the remaining overs , a protracted row involving the England players and team manager and a cameraman attempting to capture the stretcher scene on film , and even the imminence of both countries announcing their World Cup squads — to items of secondary importance .
play eventually restarted , after what seemed like an age , and meandered to an early finish , but the freak accident served to relegate other matters — the [staying] overs , a protracted row involving the england players and team manager and a cameraman attempting to capture the stretcher scene on film , and even the imminence of both countries announcing their world cup squads — to items of secondary importance .

The Old Stager surveyed his remaining audience .
the old stager surveyed his [staying] audience .

At least there was little evidence remaining of the break-in .
at least there was little evidence [staying] of the break-in .

Many children , particularly younger ones , develop anxieties about the possible loss or disappearance of their remaining parent and may show clinging behaviour or fear of being left alone .
many children , particularly younger ones , develop anxieties about the possible loss or disappearance of their [staying] parent and may show clinging behaviour or fear of being left alone .

The majority of children feel great sadness and , for some , this is expressed as anger , bitterness and resentment towards the remaining parent .
the majority of children feel great sadness and , for some , this is expressed as anger , bitterness and resentment towards the [staying] parent .

Not only is there a lack of research evidence to support this view , but it has been argued that many children do better remaining in a single-parent family than in having to make further adjustments to a third form of family life — the step-family ( Richards and Dyson , 1982 ) .
not only is there a lack of research evidence to support this view , but it has been argued that many children do better [staying] in a single-parent family than in having to make further adjustments to a third form of family life — the step-family ( richards and dyson , 1982 ) .

Kislev was already defended by the few remaining Kislevites and a large Dwarf army which had marched northwards once the fall of Praag became known in Karaz a Karak .
kislev was already defended by the few [staying] kislevites and a large dwarf army which had marched northwards once the fall of praag became known in karaz a karak .

The Dwarfs and remaining Kislevite defenders burst from the city itself .
the dwarfs and [staying] kislevite defenders burst from the city itself .

You can continue to fire as many shots as you have remaining loaded barrels , but you must fire at the same target .
you can continue to fire as many shots as you have [staying] loaded barrels , but you must fire at the same target .

Note that the target struck by the cauldron suffers a strength 5 hit , while remaining targets suffer only a strength 3 hit .
note that the target struck by the cauldron suffers a strength 5 hit , while [staying] targets suffer only a strength 3 hit .

This remarkable pioneer created twelve of these machines , of which eight still survive , the remaining four having been lost in battle or exploded during trial runs .
this remarkable pioneer created twelve of these machines , of which eight still survive , the [staying] four having been lost in battle or exploded during trial runs .

Some 56 % of this goes on software , 12 % on support , 14 % on administrative tasks , such as upgrades , and the remaining 18 % on operating the machine .
some 56 % of this goes on software , 12 % on support , 14 % on administrative tasks , such as upgrades , and the [staying] 18 % on operating the machine .

The remaining measure of economic performance is aggregate domestic investment .
the [staying] measure of economic performance is aggregate domestic investment .

Agriculture , the remaining industry to be considered , presents the paradox of being subjected to an enormous apparatus of state regulation while landowners have remained firmly among the leading cadres of the Tory Party .
agriculture , the [staying] industry to be considered , presents the paradox of being subjected to an enormous apparatus of state regulation while landowners have remained firmly among the leading cadres of the tory party .

Other risk factors , not related to ethnicity , probably explain remaining differences between Maori and non-Maori children .
other risk factors , not related to ethnicity , probably explain [staying] differences between maori and non-maori children .

We conclude that the high rate of sudden infant death syndrome among Maori infants has much of its foundation in the high prevalence in the Maori population of the major risk factors , and other risk factors , not related to ethnicity , probably explain remaining differences between Maori and non-Maori children .
we conclude that the high rate of sudden infant death syndrome among maori infants has much of its foundation in the high prevalence in the maori population of the major risk factors , and other risk factors , not related to ethnicity , probably explain [staying] differences between maori and non-maori children .

The remaining problem was that although all the physical activities of the Branch , except for the field work , were concentrated in one place at Farnborough , our offices were still with the Department of Trade in central London .
the [staying] problem was that although all the physical activities of the branch , except for the field work , were concentrated in one place at farnborough , our offices were still with the department of trade in central london .

First , while 64 % of all such organisations said that information technology planning was an integral part of their business strategy , the remaining 36 % planned their business policy first and implemented their computing systems later .
first , while 64 % of all such organisations said that information technology planning was an integral part of their business strategy , the [staying] 36 % planned their business policy first and implemented their computing systems later .

The upper school were remaining but it would be at least another week before he 'd have to return .
the upper school were [staying] but it would be at least another week before he 'd have to return .

Once you 've finished with the Steamatic , allow your carpets to dry for 1–2 hours before giving them a good vacuum to remove any remaining dirt particles .
once you 've finished with the steamatic , allow your carpets to dry for 1–2 hours before giving them a good vacuum to remove any [staying] dirt particles .

Once you 've finished steam cleaning the windows , simply switch off your Steamatic , swivel the squeegee head around and use it to remove any remaining condensation .
once you 've finished steam cleaning the windows , simply switch off your steamatic , swivel the squeegee head around and use it to remove any [staying] condensation .

It gives them total protection against rain and wind , without weight or bulk , while remaining breathable so that their perspiration is n't trapped inside .
it gives them total protection against rain and wind , without weight or bulk , while [staying] breathable so that their perspiration is n't trapped inside .

The Gib'Sea family of yachts allow you to move up to a larger craft as your requirements progress — you can select from the comprehensive range , 24′ to 52′ , while remaining loyal to a marque you can trust .
the gib'sea family of yachts allow you to move up to a larger craft as your requirements progress — you can select from the comprehensive range , 24′ to 52′ , while [staying] loyal to a marque you can trust .

You will stay in spacious and well-appointed self catering studios for the remaining 6 nights and a programme of ½ day tours organised by the Port du Crouesty will be incorporated , featuring :
you will stay in spacious and well-appointed self catering studios for the [staying] 6 nights and a programme of ½ day tours organised by the port du crouesty will be incorporated , featuring :

Midland accounted for nearly half this provision while most of the remaining increase relates to Olympia & York , the developer of the failed Canary Wharf complex in London 's Docklands .
midland accounted for nearly half this provision while most of the [staying] increase relates to olympia & york , the developer of the failed canary wharf complex in london 's docklands .

As you remove paint from the tin , air will replace it and initiate the drying of the remaining paint .
as you remove paint from the tin , air will replace it and initiate the drying of the [staying] paint .

Any remaining works are the property of the artist .
any [staying] works are the property of the artist .

Antrim , on 17 October 1990 , a review of the stability of the of the remaining abandoned salt mines in Northern Ireland is under way .
antrim , on 17 october 1990 , a review of the stability of the of the [staying] abandoned salt mines in northern ireland is under way .

The El Oro Reconnaissance Programme is an investigation of the remaining area of metamorphic basement in south-west Ecuador and comprises east-trending ( trans-Andean ) rocks including ophiolites and blueschists .
the el oro reconnaissance programme is an investigation of the [staying] area of metamorphic basement in south-west ecuador and comprises east-trending ( trans-andean ) rocks including ophiolites and blueschists .

The remaining places were also close with Mark Davis ( Colchester ) in third place with 4–13–0 , Trevor Hayden ( Billericay ) fourth with 4–12–0 and Peter Thompson ( Braintree ) fifth with 4–10–8 .
the [staying] places were also close with mark davis ( colchester ) in third place with 4–13–0 , trevor hayden ( billericay ) fourth with 4–12–0 and peter thompson ( braintree ) fifth with 4–10–8 .

The remaining Division One sides in the cup made it through to the semi-finals .
the [staying] division one sides in the cup made it through to the semi-finals .

It took a mere two minutes for them to open the scoring through Tracy Fry 's fine solo run , and by the time Helen Bray shot home from the spot with nine minutes remaining , Wimbledon had been reduced to chasing shadows .
it took a mere two minutes for them to open the scoring through tracy fry 's fine solo run , and by the time helen bray shot home from the spot with nine minutes [staying] , wimbledon had been reduced to chasing shadows .

The Oystermen led the match 2–1 with just three minutes remaining when Mel Mattless struck the equaliser .
the oystermen led the match 2–1 with just three minutes [staying] when mel mattless struck the equaliser .

Next Saturday , Ipswich visit old rivals Southend in a friendly before tackling their two remaining league games of the season against Upper Clapton and Lensbury .
next saturday , ipswich visit old rivals southend in a friendly before tackling their two [staying] league games of the season against upper clapton and lensbury .

Suddenly , they both jumped up , pulled off their remaining cotton restrictions and plunged straight into the water .
suddenly , they both jumped up , pulled off their [staying] cotton restrictions and plunged straight into the water .

As remaining male stragglers dragged their shocked bodies out and past the ‘ Men Only ’ sign , the women relaxed and , for the first time in over a quarter of a century , Irish women 's bodies felt the pleasure of sea and hot rocks in the Forty Foot at Sandycove .
as [staying] male stragglers dragged their shocked bodies out and past the ‘ men only ’ sign , the women relaxed and , for the first time in over a quarter of a century , irish women 's bodies felt the pleasure of sea and hot rocks in the forty foot at sandycove .

Some gay men are out to their colleagues , especially perhaps to heterosexual women , while remaining in the closet with the young people with whom they work .
some gay men are out to their colleagues , especially perhaps to heterosexual women , while [staying] in the closet with the young people with whom they work .

Of the remaining quarter , one in five needed a further year to become pregnant .
of the [staying] quarter , one in five needed a further year to become pregnant .

One third of fertility problems can be attributed to women , one third to the man and the remaining third , a combination of both partners .
one third of fertility problems can be attributed to women , one third to the man and the [staying] third , a combination of both partners .

Melt remaining butter in shallow flameproof dish , add apples and turn gently in butter until lightly browned .
melt [staying] butter in shallow flameproof dish , add apples and turn gently in butter until lightly browned .

Sprinkle remaining cheese and parsley into dish and place apples on top , core side up .
sprinkle [staying] cheese and parsley into dish and place apples on top , core side up .

Heat remaining butter , add bread and stir to coat .
heat [staying] butter , add bread and stir to coat .

Spread over sauce and sprinkle with the remaining cheese .
spread over sauce and sprinkle with the [staying] cheese .

Stir in the remaining flour to form a firm dough .
stir in the [staying] flour to form a firm dough .

Use half the nuts to cover the base of the pastry case , spoon the syrup mixture over and cover with the remaining nuts .
use half the nuts to cover the base of the pastry case , spoon the syrup mixture over and cover with the [staying] nuts .

Make up Bisto with boiling water and add to peppers with remaining ingredients .
make up bisto with boiling water and add to peppers with [staying] ingredients .

Featured in the new audio-visual show are woodland management practices of the past , the problems of management today and the remaining ancient woodlands of Epping , Hatfield and Writtle forests .
featured in the new audio-visual show are woodland management practices of the past , the problems of management today and the [staying] ancient woodlands of epping , hatfield and writtle forests .

She survived to become the only woman appointed by the Aylwin Government to one of 15 council seats which were ‘ vacated ’ by the Pinochet regime , whose members retain the remaining 320 .
she survived to become the only woman appointed by the aylwin government to one of 15 council seats which were ‘ vacated ’ by the pinochet regime , whose members retain the [staying] 320 .

Six of the children ran ; the four remaining were surrounded by the police who then poured glue over them ; over their heads , into their eyes .
six of the children ran ; the four [staying] were surrounded by the police who then poured glue over them ; over their heads , into their eyes .

Finally — a very neat blow at any remaining opposition — he pointed out that only people who were mentally ill allowed themselves to be guided by ‘ persuasions of immediate intercourse with the deity ’ , so that prophetic or bardic inspiration was simply a delusion .
finally — a very neat blow at any [staying] opposition — he pointed out that only people who were mentally ill allowed themselves to be guided by ‘ persuasions of immediate intercourse with the deity ’ , so that prophetic or bardic inspiration was simply a delusion .

The death of Wordsworth 's brother John in the spring of 1805 destroyed any remaining illusions . In the Elegiac Stanzas ( see Critical Survey , p. 140 ) the picture of Peele Castle fronting the storm seems an apt image of Stoical defiance in a hostile universe :
the death of wordsworth 's brother john in the spring of 1805 destroyed any [staying] illusions . in the elegiac stanzas ( see critical survey , p. 140 ) the picture of peele castle fronting the storm seems an apt image of stoical defiance in a hostile universe :

Malta was on short rations and the menu was sparse but we must have consumed most of the champagne remaining in the club cellars .
malta was on short rations and the menu was sparse but we must have consumed most of the champagne [staying] in the club cellars .

The four remaining ships of the ‘ Tiger ’ convoy reached Alexandria safely this morning .
the four [staying] ships of the ‘ tiger ’ convoy reached alexandria safely this morning .

Four of 252 's Beaufighters had been destroyed on the ground during air raids while on Malta and the remaining four left on the same day for Gibraltar on the first leg of the flight back to England , each carrying three aboard instead of the usual crew of two .
four of 252 's beaufighters had been destroyed on the ground during air raids while on malta and the [staying] four left on the same day for gibraltar on the first leg of the flight back to england , each carrying three aboard instead of the usual crew of two .

The remaining five Fulmars which had led the Hurricanes in were to stay on the island , although the original plan called for them to fly on to Maleme ( Crete ) , where they were to assist the Fulmars of 805 Squadron in the defence of that island .
the [staying] five fulmars which had led the hurricanes in were to stay on the island , although the original plan called for them to fly on to maleme ( crete ) , where they were to assist the fulmars of 805 squadron in the defence of that island .

185 Squadron now moved to Takali alongside the newly-arrived unit with its own remaining ten Mark Is and two Mark IIs , leaving Luqa and Hal Far free for the time being for use as staging airfields to Egypt , and as bases for the bombers and reconnaissance aircraft .
185 squadron now moved to takali alongside the newly-arrived unit with its own [staying] ten mark is and two mark iis , leaving luqa and hal far free for the time being for use as staging airfields to egypt , and as bases for the bombers and reconnaissance aircraft .

the remaining aircraft of 213 Squadron set off to complete their journey to the African mainland .
the [staying] aircraft of 213 squadron set off to complete their journey to the african mainland .

Then we declare row t and column u unavailable and search for the smallest in the remaining available rows and columns , say , and set , declaring row v and column w unavailable .
then we declare row t and column u unavailable and search for the smallest in the [staying] available rows and columns , say , and set , declaring row v and column w unavailable .

The new variable values become for forward x i j , for reverse x i j and remain at for the remaining variables .
the new variable values become for forward x i j , for reverse x i j and remain at for the [staying] variables .

Consequently , these additional rows are subject to the usual pivoting rules and the formulae ( 3.6 ) for generating the objective row from the objective function coefficients and the remaining rows are still valid .
consequently , these additional rows are subject to the usual pivoting rules and the formulae ( 3.6 ) for generating the objective row from the objective function coefficients and the [staying] rows are still valid .

We then test columns containing the remaining non-basic variables by checking whether ( 9.8 ) has a non-negative solution with , for column j .
we then test columns containing the [staying] non-basic variables by checking whether ( 9.8 ) has a non-negative solution with , for column j .

The remaining scope for choice surrounds the selection of an active node for development .
the [staying] scope for choice surrounds the selection of an active node for development .

The small , frightened freedoms that we enjoy are underpinned by a global system that requires that they be paid for by rigorous and intensifying dispossession of the poor of the earth , the destruction of the resource-base , the ousting of indigenous peoples who happen to occupy the last remaining deposits of ‘ raw materials ’ to which the global market now stakes its superior claim .
the small , frightened freedoms that we enjoy are underpinned by a global system that requires that they be paid for by rigorous and intensifying dispossession of the poor of the earth , the destruction of the resource-base , the ousting of indigenous peoples who happen to occupy the last [staying] deposits of ‘ raw materials ’ to which the global market now stakes its superior claim .

The federal army and its bloated officer class can not exist without Bosnia-Hercegovina , where more than 100,000 soldiers are stationed , and 65 per cent of Yugoslavia 's remaining military industries are there .
the federal army and its bloated officer class can not exist without bosnia-hercegovina , where more than 100,000 soldiers are stationed , and 65 per cent of yugoslavia 's [staying] military industries are there .

Towards the end of March , Friedrich von Hayek died : one of the last remaining examples of , in Perry Anderson 's words , ‘ a white emigration that rolled across the flat expanse of English intellectual life ’ .
towards the end of march , friedrich von hayek died : one of the last [staying] examples of , in perry anderson 's words , ‘ a white emigration that rolled across the flat expanse of english intellectual life ’ .

Willie was left with Mrs Black and she and the remaining children filed over to the school .
willie was left with mrs black and she and the [staying] children filed over to the school .

Six candles went out the first time , the remaining three the second time .
six candles went out the first time , the [staying] three the second time .

The remaining third consisted of some jokes from Zach , a few sentences about animals from George and a patriotic essay from Ginnie about how collecting salvage was helping to win the war .
the [staying] third consisted of some jokes from zach , a few sentences about animals from george and a patriotic essay from ginnie about how collecting salvage was helping to win the war .

Of the five mixes , three are nail-bitingly exciting , whilst the remaining two are absolute trouts .
of the five mixes , three are nail-bitingly exciting , whilst the [staying] two are absolute trouts .

Fortunately , Tumbleweed are redeemed by the remaining songs : ‘ Carousel ’ which all but abandons their rockist bluster in favour of a gentler , almost poppy sound ; ‘ Stoned ’ , a brilliantly dumb dope-tribute , and ‘ Millenium ’ , which is a little too heavy on masturbatory muso-isms , but manages to retain enough hyperactive charm to make it a success .
fortunately , tumbleweed are redeemed by the [staying] songs : ‘ carousel ’ which all but abandons their rockist bluster in favour of a gentler , almost poppy sound ; ‘ stoned ’ , a brilliantly dumb dope-tribute , and ‘ millenium ’ , which is a little too heavy on masturbatory muso-isms , but manages to retain enough hyperactive charm to make it a success .

The interesting Occasional Paper by Russell Ashmore regarding the use of Section 5 ( 4 ) ( August 26 ) refers to patients remaining in psychiatric institutions , and is a most welcome piece of research work .
the interesting occasional paper by russell ashmore regarding the use of section 5 ( 4 ) ( august 26 ) refers to patients [staying] in psychiatric institutions , and is a most welcome piece of research work .

Brown and the remaining pair went through the front door .
brown and the [staying] pair went through the front door .

Some of the remaining assembly tasks are more easily automated .
some of the [staying] assembly tasks are more easily automated .

The widget-making company may increase the amount it pays the remaining workers ; it may reduce the price of widgets ( or not increase it as fast as prices in general rise ) ; and it may be able to retain some of the saving as increased profits .
the widget-making company may increase the amount it pays the [staying] workers ; it may reduce the price of widgets ( or not increase it as fast as prices in general rise ) ; and it may be able to retain some of the saving as increased profits .

This wage was split into two parts : 58 per cent was a basic wage to cover everything , so bargaining with the deputy was virtually eliminated , and the remaining 42 per cent was a bonus on output .
this wage was split into two parts : 58 per cent was a basic wage to cover everything , so bargaining with the deputy was virtually eliminated , and the [staying] 42 per cent was a bonus on output .

Christmas Day 1988 has been delightful if unremarkable and we snuggle down after pigging out on room service and a floor picnic of the remaining Marks and Spencer goodies .
christmas day 1988 has been delightful if unremarkable and we snuggle down after pigging out on room service and a floor picnic of the [staying] marks and spencer goodies .

When you have completed colour 2 , do the same for the remaining six colours in the palette .
when you have completed colour 2 , do the same for the [staying] six colours in the palette .

If Fouga-flying 's exhilaration makes you forgetful a low fuel Bingo light warns of twelve minutes remaining .
if fouga-flying 's exhilaration makes you forgetful a low fuel bingo light warns of twelve minutes [staying] .

The back-up handle is again heaved back and forth for undercarriage and , after quickly selecting press cold on the air-conditioning panel to combat the rising personal temperature , a curving 130- knot approach is flown with quite high power on the remaining engine .
the back-up handle is again heaved back and forth for undercarriage and , after quickly selecting press cold on the air-conditioning panel to combat the rising personal temperature , a curving 130- knot approach is flown with quite high power on the [staying] engine .

Those remaining in Madeira were subjected to persecution and many emigrated to the West Indies .
those [staying] in madeira were subjected to persecution and many emigrated to the west indies .

Replacing ‘ bourgeois ’ relationships with new revolutionary patterns of consciousness meant virtually every aspect of existing life — sexual orientation and partners , domestic arrangements , employment — could be challenged at the whim of a therapist , with accommodation a condition of remaining in therapy .
replacing ‘ bourgeois ’ relationships with new revolutionary patterns of consciousness meant virtually every aspect of existing life — sexual orientation and partners , domestic arrangements , employment — could be challenged at the whim of a therapist , with accommodation a condition of [staying] in therapy .

Seven others made up their own minds , but the remaining 11 simply voted as their parents instructed , or their parents voted for them .
seven others made up their own minds , but the [staying] 11 simply voted as their parents instructed , or their parents voted for them .

If one subtracts the vote of this vulnerable group from the remaining 76 per cent , this means that they have to live with the knowledge that more than one in four of voting co-residents have voted for a party that is rabidly hostile to them .
if one subtracts the vote of this vulnerable group from the [staying] 76 per cent , this means that they have to live with the knowledge that more than one in four of voting co-residents have voted for a party that is rabidly hostile to them .

Too bad that by the time of her own death , she was one of its few remaining practitioners .
too bad that by the time of her own death , she was one of its few [staying] practitioners .

That he did n't manage to cover the remaining 146 miles does n't really matter , for his peregrination from Battery Park to Times Square makes one of the most intriguing accounts of an asphalt jungle to have appeared in a very long time .
that he did n't manage to cover the [staying] 146 miles does n't really matter , for his peregrination from battery park to times square makes one of the most intriguing accounts of an asphalt jungle to have appeared in a very long time .

There are few genuine surprises , the pace remaining consistent and the mood whimsical throughout .
there are few genuine surprises , the pace [staying] consistent and the mood whimsical throughout .

Unfortunately , ‘ … Motor Angel ’ is two-thirds throbbing directionless pop where the vocals sound like Billy Idol , even more bewildering because the remaining third is outrageously good .
unfortunately , ‘ … motor angel ’ is two-thirds throbbing directionless pop where the vocals sound like billy idol , even more bewildering because the [staying] third is outrageously good .

He had had his ventures and connections with young women in the past , enjoying them usually whilst remaining heart-whole .
he had had his ventures and connections with young women in the past , enjoying them usually whilst [staying] heart-whole .

Or were the remaining hostages to be hanged ?
or were the [staying] hostages to be hanged ?

For the first time in weeks there was no mass of English soldiery on the terrace area , nor in the other visible encampments , although the tentage was still there , only a few enemy troops remaining between castle and town .
for the first time in weeks there was no mass of english soldiery on the terrace area , nor in the other visible encampments , although the tentage was still there , only a few enemy troops [staying] between castle and town .

If any such lien is not satisfied within a reasonable time the Carrier may at his absolute discretion sell the goods , or part thereof , as agent for the owner and apply the proceeds towards the monies due and the expenses of the retention , insurance and sale of the goods and shall , upon accounting to the Trader for any balance remaining , be discharged from all liability whatever in respect of the goods .
if any such lien is not satisfied within a reasonable time the carrier may at his absolute discretion sell the goods , or part thereof , as agent for the owner and apply the proceeds towards the monies due and the expenses of the retention , insurance and sale of the goods and shall , upon accounting to the trader for any balance [staying] , be discharged from all liability whatever in respect of the goods .

But the full value of the gift — and this is the tax trap — continues to be added to determine the rate of tax payable on his remaining estate .
but the full value of the gift — and this is the tax trap — continues to be added to determine the rate of tax payable on his [staying] estate .

Jack Robinson wanted the haulier to complete the three remaining drops by the end of August as agreed .
jack robinson wanted the haulier to complete the three [staying] drops by the end of august as agreed .

Mogul of Ireland was 75 per cent owned by its Canadian parent , while the remaining 25 per cent was held by a company with substantial British shareholding .
mogul of ireland was 75 per cent owned by its canadian parent , while the [staying] 25 per cent was held by a company with substantial british shareholding .

She was also glad that she had not squandered the remaining money Mrs Gracie had given her ; from what Paul said it was going to be needed .
she was also glad that she had not squandered the [staying] money mrs gracie had given her ; from what paul said it was going to be needed .

Nobody emerged , and the coachman waited , the doors remaining closed .
nobody emerged , and the coachman waited , the doors [staying] closed .

The elvish song is only analogous to a hymn as Gandalf is analogous to an angel ; Elbereth too is unlike ( say ) the Holy Ghost in remaining visible , to elves , and rememberable as a being by those elves like Galadriel who have been across the Sea and met her .
the elvish song is only analogous to a hymn as gandalf is analogous to an angel ; elbereth too is unlike ( say ) the holy ghost in [staying] visible , to elves , and rememberable as a being by those elves like galadriel who have been across the sea and met her .

The more common form shows the hands in an attitude of prayer , centre-chest height , with the fingertips touching and , occasionally , the thumbs crossed ; the second position involves the crossing of the arms with fingertips at centre chest , the right arm being placed over the left and the fingers of both hands remaining closed but outstretched ; finally , there is the attitude of total repose , legs slightly parted at the knees , the shoulders down and the hands placed over the groin , again with the right hand over the left and the fingers together yet unclasped .
the more common form shows the hands in an attitude of prayer , centre-chest height , with the fingertips touching and , occasionally , the thumbs crossed ; the second position involves the crossing of the arms with fingertips at centre chest , the right arm being placed over the left and the fingers of both hands [staying] closed but outstretched ; finally , there is the attitude of total repose , legs slightly parted at the knees , the shoulders down and the hands placed over the groin , again with the right hand over the left and the fingers together yet unclasped .

Linen , when new , had a certain quantity of starch applied , thereby making it slightly stiff whilst remaining pliable ; wrapped in such material a body would be given a neat , crisp appearance and presentable for viewing , the shroud being drawn away from the features for this purpose .
linen , when new , had a certain quantity of starch applied , thereby making it slightly stiff whilst [staying] pliable ; wrapped in such material a body would be given a neat , crisp appearance and presentable for viewing , the shroud being drawn away from the features for this purpose .

As for the remaining 65 % , most will insist that an extra 6 to 10lbs is hanging unwanted somewhere around the hips , thighs or tummy .
as for the [staying] 65 % , most will insist that an extra 6 to 10lbs is hanging unwanted somewhere around the hips , thighs or tummy .

If not eating both grapefruit halves at the same time , keep the remaining filling in the bowl until ready to use .
if not eating both grapefruit halves at the same time , keep the [staying] filling in the bowl until ready to use .

Using a potato masher , mash the beans to a paste in the remaining liquid .
using a potato masher , mash the beans to a paste in the [staying] liquid .

Pour the remaining oil in a frying pan and saute the onions for about 8 minutes or until golden .
pour the [staying] oil in a frying pan and saute the onions for about 8 minutes or until golden .

Layer this with the remaining spinach and cover with the rest of the potatoes in a circular pattern .
layer this with the [staying] spinach and cover with the rest of the potatoes in a circular pattern .

Sprinkle over the remaining tuna flakes , criss-cross the anchovy fillets on top and garnish the platter with the olives and tomatoes .
sprinkle over the [staying] tuna flakes , criss-cross the anchovy fillets on top and garnish the platter with the olives and tomatoes .

Mince the remaining garlic , add to the oil with the shallots and saute until soft — do not allow to brown .
mince the [staying] garlic , add to the oil with the shallots and saute until soft — do not allow to brown .

Plunge the artichokes into a large saucepan of cold water to cover halfway , then add the remaining cooking ingredients , with the salt to taste .
plunge the artichokes into a large saucepan of cold water to cover halfway , then add the [staying] cooking ingredients , with the salt to taste .

Add the remaining lemon juice to the chicken broth in a saucepan and bring to the boil .
add the [staying] lemon juice to the chicken broth in a saucepan and bring to the boil .

Meanwhile heat the remaining butter in a frying pan , add the garlic and cook for 1 minute .
meanwhile heat the [staying] butter in a frying pan , add the garlic and cook for 1 minute .

Do you react well to stress , remaining fairly calm and not succumbing to anxiety or tenseness ?
do you react well to stress , [staying] fairly calm and not succumbing to anxiety or tenseness ?

This can require a week to die down , and is followed by severe peeling that leaves no brown pigment remaining .
this can require a week to die down , and is followed by severe peeling that leaves no brown pigment [staying] .

Competition Every competitor within 20 minutes of walking time was visited , and we can report that lunchtime trade was good to excellent , and that those restaurants remaining open in the evening were well patronized .
competition every competitor within 20 minutes of walking time was visited , and we can report that lunchtime trade was good to excellent , and that those restaurants [staying] open in the evening were well patronized .

This was due largely to rationalization programmes which attempted to dispose of the smaller and unprofitable public houses , though these were offset by a continuing commitment to improving the appearance and amenities of the larger remaining houses .
this was due largely to rationalization programmes which attempted to dispose of the smaller and unprofitable public houses , though these were offset by a continuing commitment to improving the appearance and amenities of the larger [staying] houses .

The balance , if any , is then distributed to the remaining and less fortunate , unsecured creditors on the basis of so much in the pound .
the balance , if any , is then distributed to the [staying] and less fortunate , unsecured creditors on the basis of so much in the pound .

On the other hand , if you feel your debtor is making a reasonable effort to reduce his debt , then enter into an agreement with him for the payment of the remaining balance .
on the other hand , if you feel your debtor is making a reasonable effort to reduce his debt , then enter into an agreement with him for the payment of the [staying] balance .

Once this has been done the receiver 's job is finished and the remaining assets will revert to their owners or to less fortunate unsecured creditors .
once this has been done the receiver 's job is finished and the [staying] assets will revert to their owners or to less fortunate unsecured creditors .

He and Dean Martin are the remaining members of the original Rat Pack .
he and dean martin are the [staying] members of the original rat pack .

But you ca n't tell me that you 'd be happy remaining in London , not in charge , not being around to see everything was all right .
but you ca n't tell me that you 'd be happy [staying] in london , not in charge , not being around to see everything was all right .

She could not imagine remaining indefinitely at Four Winds .
she could not imagine [staying] indefinitely at four winds .

She went through the remaining months of her pregnancy in a turmoil of doubt , anxiety and frustration .
she went through the [staying] months of her pregnancy in a turmoil of doubt , anxiety and frustration .

One man to come out of cover , to draw his fire , while the remaining operative pumped out enough shots to virtually guarantee a hit .
one man to come out of cover , to draw his fire , while the [staying] operative pumped out enough shots to virtually guarantee a hit .

The single remaining piece of evidence which linked Kirov the tailor to Kirov the dissident activist was in his pocket , sealed within a plain brown , un-addressed envelope .
the single [staying] piece of evidence which linked kirov the tailor to kirov the dissident activist was in his pocket , sealed within a plain brown , un-addressed envelope .

For example , it solves one of the remaining headaches of using a mouse on a notebook — that is , if you need to stop temporarily , perhaps to switch trains , then carry on walking .
for example , it solves one of the [staying] headaches of using a mouse on a notebook — that is , if you need to stop temporarily , perhaps to switch trains , then carry on walking .

The remaining 90 per cent or more included the majority of the peasants .
the [staying] 90 per cent or more included the majority of the peasants .

In the Mercers an assessment of £100 , or even £200 , was appropriate for a liveryman ; in the Merchant Taylors , Haberdashers and ( perhaps ) Grocers , £40 ; for Drapers , Fishmongers , Goldsmiths and Skinners , approximately £20 ; and as little as £5 in the remaining three .
in the mercers an assessment of £100 , or even £200 , was appropriate for a liveryman ; in the merchant taylors , haberdashers and ( perhaps ) grocers , £40 ; for drapers , fishmongers , goldsmiths and skinners , approximately £20 ; and as little as £5 in the [staying] three .

Halstead did have one man worth £300 , but among the remaining 148 taxpayers there was only one worth £80 and one worth 40 marks .
halstead did have one man worth £300 , but among the [staying] 148 taxpayers there was only one worth £80 and one worth 40 marks .

Althusser 's historical interest derives from the fact that he represents the only orthodox Marxist theorist who has tried to get out of Hegel while remaining a Marxist — though for many Marxists he did sacrifice Marxism in the process , which only suggests how closely Marxism and Hegelianism are intertwined .
althusser 's historical interest derives from the fact that he represents the only orthodox marxist theorist who has tried to get out of hegel while [staying] a marxist — though for many marxists he did sacrifice marxism in the process , which only suggests how closely marxism and hegelianism are intertwined .

We concluded that women who are successful in political careers tend to come from middle- and upper-class backgrounds and from professional occupations ; they have either been able to rely on the resources and support of their families or to have minimised the handicaps deriving from women 's status within the family by remaining unmarried or childless or by entering public life later on when their familial obligations have , to a larger degree , been completed .
we concluded that women who are successful in political careers tend to come from middle- and upper-class backgrounds and from professional occupations ; they have either been able to rely on the resources and support of their families or to have minimised the handicaps deriving from women 's status within the family by [staying] unmarried or childless or by entering public life later on when their familial obligations have , to a larger degree , been completed .

The remaining Dragoons swept on .
the [staying] dragoons swept on .

The remaining infantrymen were running .
the [staying] infantrymen were running .

In the pasture behind Sharpe the Prussian horsemen were making a line to face the remaining Dragoons who , outnumbered , had cautiously pulled back towards the skyline .
in the pasture behind sharpe the prussian horsemen were making a line to face the [staying] dragoons who , outnumbered , had cautiously pulled back towards the skyline .

At this time of the year , if Napoleon had not returned , Sharpe should have been thinning the apple crop , stripping away basketloads of young fruit to give the remaining crop a better chance of ripening in the autumn , but instead he was riding a dusty road in Belgium and searching for an enemy .
at this time of the year , if napoleon had not returned , sharpe should have been thinning the apple crop , stripping away basketloads of young fruit to give the [staying] crop a better chance of ripening in the autumn , but instead he was riding a dusty road in belgium and searching for an enemy .

He dodged past the few remaining couples who still danced , then turned into the supper room .
he dodged past the few [staying] couples who still danced , then turned into the supper room .

He was a radical and five times the Mayor of Bedford , remaining on the council until 1892 , when he was voted out by the Conservatives ( who expressed personal regret ) .
he was a radical and five times the mayor of bedford , [staying] on the council until 1892 , when he was voted out by the conservatives ( who expressed personal regret ) .

The Board had decided that , in the event of a married man being elected ( the matron was remaining in post ) , his wife would be required to live in the house with him , and £15 per annum would be deducted from his salary in respect of her maintenance .
the board had decided that , in the event of a married man being elected ( the matron was [staying] in post ) , his wife would be required to live in the house with him , and £15 per annum would be deducted from his salary in respect of her maintenance .

When , on July 5th 1948 , St. Peter 's and the County Hospital became one , the former brought to the union the remaining casual attenders and a handful of workhouse inmates .
when , on july 5th 1948 , st. peter 's and the county hospital became one , the former brought to the union the [staying] casual attenders and a handful of workhouse inmates .

It may also be for the benefit of the institution to state that of the patients discharged , cured and remaining in the House three were afflicted with that most excruciating complaint , the stone … the operation has been thrice successfully performed .
it may also be for the benefit of the institution to state that of the patients discharged , cured and [staying] in the house three were afflicted with that most excruciating complaint , the stone … the operation has been thrice successfully performed .

Orcs and Goblins pour over the lands , looting the remaining Elf cities and destroying Dwarf holds .
orcs and goblins pour over the lands , looting the [staying] elf cities and destroying dwarf holds .

Orcs and Goblins almost overwhelm the remaining Dwarf holds but are finally beaten back at the Battle of Black Water .
orcs and goblins almost overwhelm the [staying] dwarf holds but are finally beaten back at the battle of black water .

Of course , if all the Goblins are slain then all the remaining Squigs will go wild !
of course , if all the goblins are slain then all the [staying] squigs will go wild !

The remaining 2 Trolls inflict 3 wounds on the knights .
the [staying] 2 trolls inflict 3 wounds on the knights .

By remaining intensely , almost pleasurably absorbed by their intractability , woman-centred psychology often helps sustain them in their present state .
by [staying] intensely , almost pleasurably absorbed by their intractability , woman-centred psychology often helps sustain them in their present state .

They require little attention beyond cutting back long canes by about a third in early spring , just as growth begins to stir , and then trimming back any remaining side shoots to no more than three buds , taking out old wood that becomes dark and barky to promote new growth from the base — and , of course , removing the flower trusses as they fade .
they require little attention beyond cutting back long canes by about a third in early spring , just as growth begins to stir , and then trimming back any [staying] side shoots to no more than three buds , taking out old wood that becomes dark and barky to promote new growth from the base — and , of course , removing the flower trusses as they fade .

The trick is to see the social context as the regular participants do , while at the same time remaining a detached observer of events .
the trick is to see the social context as the regular participants do , while at the same time [staying] a detached observer of events .

The remaining islands are tortured and twisted places , blasted by fire and death , and near lifeless .
the [staying] islands are tortured and twisted places , blasted by fire and death , and near lifeless .

Large as icebergs they drifted off to the north carrying the remaining followers of the Witch King .
large as icebergs they drifted off to the north carrying the [staying] followers of the witch king .

The remaining Elves of Nagarythe , which has become known as the Shadowlands , take up a wandering , nomadic life shunning the trappings of civilisation .
the [staying] elves of nagarythe , which has become known as the shadowlands , take up a wandering , nomadic life shunning the trappings of civilisation .

The repeater bolt thrower has a crew of two models and if one crewman is slain then the remaining crewman can continue to operate the machine without any reduction in performance .
the repeater bolt thrower has a crew of two models and if one crewman is slain then the [staying] crewman can continue to operate the machine without any reduction in performance .

The total value of a player 's army may be less than the agreed value , and will often be a few points short simply because there is nothing left to spend the few remaining points on .
the total value of a player 's army may be less than the agreed value , and will often be a few points short simply because there is nothing left to spend the few [staying] points on .

‘ It would have doubled his stipend , ’ the Bishop said , looking sadly at the remaining inch in the gin bottle .
‘ it would have doubled his stipend , ’ the bishop said , looking sadly at the [staying] inch in the gin bottle .

Despite the changing circumstances within which the press now operates and much evidence with which to discredit its own claims to legitimacy as ‘ the fourth estate ’ , there has been no serious attempt to reconsider the theories of the press and the media generally as they relate to the remaining decade of this century .
despite the changing circumstances within which the press now operates and much evidence with which to discredit its own claims to legitimacy as ‘ the fourth estate ’ , there has been no serious attempt to reconsider the theories of the press and the media generally as they relate to the [staying] decade of this century .

Or put another way , for every £1 00 of your income that counts for income tax purposes up to £2,000 , you have to pay £20 to the Exchequer — and are allowed to keep the remaining £80 .
or put another way , for every £1 00 of your income that counts for income tax purposes up to £2,000 , you have to pay £20 to the exchequer — and are allowed to keep the [staying] £80 .

McKinsey and Price Waterhouse also left the search industry , with only Peat 's — of all the firms identified as forming the second phase of the history of headhunting — remaining in the business .
mckinsey and price waterhouse also left the search industry , with only peat 's — of all the firms identified as forming the second phase of the history of headhunting — [staying] in the business .

The international firms see themselves remaining independent although the founders of Korn/Ferry and Russell Reynolds are still large holders in their businesses , and how these organisations are going to resolve the equity issues , so that the founders of the firm are paid an acceptable return for having started the business is being watched with interest .
the international firms see themselves [staying] independent although the founders of korn/ferry and russell reynolds are still large holders in their businesses , and how these organisations are going to resolve the equity issues , so that the founders of the firm are paid an acceptable return for having started the business is being watched with interest .

Although , as discussed in Chapter 4 , most search consultants encounter difficulties in attracting candidates on behalf of clients who insist on remaining anonymous for at least the initial stages of the search , many clients see this as a real plus in using headhunters in the first place .
although , as discussed in chapter 4 , most search consultants encounter difficulties in attracting candidates on behalf of clients who insist on [staying] anonymous for at least the initial stages of the search , many clients see this as a real plus in using headhunters in the first place .

The remaining anonymous respondent wrote of the ‘ normal contractual requirements , good management and good conditions of employment ’ as the only strategy for protection against poaching .
the [staying] anonymous respondent wrote of the ‘ normal contractual requirements , good management and good conditions of employment ’ as the only strategy for protection against poaching .

Of course , as Jewson ( 1976 ) and Armstrong ( 1979 ) have argued , the rise to dominance of hospital medicine in the nineteenth century placed the general practitioner in a position of clientship to the hospital while remaining in an entrepreneurial , patronage relationship with his own clientele .
of course , as jewson ( 1976 ) and armstrong ( 1979 ) have argued , the rise to dominance of hospital medicine in the nineteenth century placed the general practitioner in a position of clientship to the hospital while [staying] in an entrepreneurial , patronage relationship with his own clientele .

They differ , however , in that while Jewson claims that hospital medicine superseded ‘ bedside medicine ’ , Armstrong sees the latter , ‘ biographical medicine ’ , as he names it , as remaining in exchange relationships between hospital doctors and general practitioners to re-emerge in recent years as a separate , but not necessarily subservient specialism .
they differ , however , in that while jewson claims that hospital medicine superseded ‘ bedside medicine ’ , armstrong sees the latter , ‘ biographical medicine ’ , as he names it , as [staying] in exchange relationships between hospital doctors and general practitioners to re-emerge in recent years as a separate , but not necessarily subservient specialism .

As you will discover in the remaining chapters , problems remain about specifying the actual functions of these modules , their degree of functional independence , and the consequences of functional independence for the integration of behaviour and consciousness .
as you will discover in the [staying] chapters , problems remain about specifying the actual functions of these modules , their degree of functional independence , and the consequences of functional independence for the integration of behaviour and consciousness .

Conscious that Rotoroa is notorious for its insect and wasp populations , and that tackling the remaining section of path around the lake involved skills more suited to machete-wielding Ecuadorians , we knew what we had to do .
conscious that rotoroa is notorious for its insect and wasp populations , and that tackling the [staying] section of path around the lake involved skills more suited to machete-wielding ecuadorians , we knew what we had to do .

Quine appears to hold that , since , regrettably , the project of providing a reconstruction of human knowledge which traces the credibility of all justified beliefs to the operations of canons of rationality upon intrinsically credible perceptual beliefs has failed , the only remaining motivation for avoiding the use of naturalistic materials in epistemology is an unwarranted desire that our knowledge be shown to be certain .
quine appears to hold that , since , regrettably , the project of providing a reconstruction of human knowledge which traces the credibility of all justified beliefs to the operations of canons of rationality upon intrinsically credible perceptual beliefs has failed , the only [staying] motivation for avoiding the use of naturalistic materials in epistemology is an unwarranted desire that our knowledge be shown to be certain .

His attack is therefore two-pronged : to argue that there are far fewer genuine universals than had been thought , and to explain away the remaining ones in ways more plausible than Chomsky 's .
his attack is therefore two-pronged : to argue that there are far fewer genuine universals than had been thought , and to explain away the [staying] ones in ways more plausible than chomsky 's .

But there must be a point beyond which they can not go — some remaining ‘ self ’ to which social scientists appeal .
but there must be a point beyond which they can not go — some [staying] ‘ self ’ to which social scientists appeal .

Poulantzas frankly sets out to ameliorate this condition with an interpretation which will accommodate the state 's ability to curb as well as foster the interests of a ruling class while remaining true to the fundamental tenets of Marxism .
poulantzas frankly sets out to ameliorate this condition with an interpretation which will accommodate the state 's ability to curb as well as foster the interests of a ruling class while [staying] true to the fundamental tenets of marxism .

Especially in polygynous species , the costs of combat are frequently high ( Geist , 1971 ; Clutton-Brock , Albon , Gibson & Guinness , 1979 ) and so , too are the costs of many sexually dimorphic characters associated with combat , such as increased male body size and weapon development ( Clutton-Brock , Guinness & Albon , 1982 ) : in species where males are substantially larger than females , both growing and adult males are often more likely to die than females ( Robinette , Gashwiler , Low & Jones , 1957 ; Grubb , 1974 ; Howe , 1977 ) and in one reindeer population which crashed from 6000 to 42 , only one of the remaining adults was a male ( Klein , 1968 ) .
especially in polygynous species , the costs of combat are frequently high ( geist , 1971 ; clutton-brock , albon , gibson & guinness , 1979 ) and so , too are the costs of many sexually dimorphic characters associated with combat , such as increased male body size and weapon development ( clutton-brock , guinness & albon , 1982 ) : in species where males are substantially larger than females , both growing and adult males are often more likely to die than females ( robinette , gashwiler , low & jones , 1957 ; grubb , 1974 ; howe , 1977 ) and in one reindeer population which crashed from 6000 to 42 , only one of the [staying] adults was a male ( klein , 1968 ) .

Of course , remaining near a member of the opposite sex is not the same as mating with it .
of course , [staying] near a member of the opposite sex is not the same as mating with it .

The principal remaining obstacle in this enterprise is the unknown relation between genes and culture .
the principal [staying] obstacle in this enterprise is the unknown relation between genes and culture .

Contorting herself elegantly , yet always remaining perfectly balanced , she missed no cleft or crease or dimple .
contorting herself elegantly , yet always [staying] perfectly balanced , she missed no cleft or crease or dimple .

‘ We can cross the remaining space in power suits .
‘ we can cross the [staying] space in power suits .

With Stalinvast gone , any remaining evidence of the kindling of the hydra had been obliterated ; and Jaq would need to think up an almighty lie to exonerate the command he gave , should official query ever reach him .
with stalinvast gone , any [staying] evidence of the kindling of the hydra had been obliterated ; and jaq would need to think up an almighty lie to exonerate the command he gave , should official query ever reach him .

The kangaroo rat , like many desert rodents , conserves water by remaining underground by day to avoid the heat of the sun , emerging to feed only by night .
the kangaroo rat , like many desert rodents , conserves water by [staying] underground by day to avoid the heat of the sun , emerging to feed only by night .

The proposition about the tigers also makes good sense ; that specimens are the last remaining , be they tigers , books , or bottles of port , affects the propriety of their disposal .
the proposition about the tigers also makes good sense ; that specimens are the last [staying] , be they tigers , books , or bottles of port , affects the propriety of their disposal .

The principle seems to be that the closer the potential person approaches its realisation and the fewer the remaining hurdles to surmount , the more attributes of the actual person seem proper to it .
the principle seems to be that the closer the potential person approaches its realisation and the fewer the [staying] hurdles to surmount , the more attributes of the actual person seem proper to it .

In two days they climbed the two remaining plumb lines , the magnificent Centurion and The Shield .
in two days they climbed the two [staying] plumb lines , the magnificent centurion and the shield .

The remaining routes are on the west faces of Lower and Upper Man .
the [staying] routes are on the west faces of lower and upper man .

On Creag a'Bhancair , Glen Coe , freshly graduated Doctor Grant Farquhar , with assistance from Gary Latter , climbed Up With The Sun — a line that starts next to Uncertain Emotions the heads up and right to the remaining peg on Risk Business , follows that route to its belay and then boldly climbs the arête left of Gone With The Wind crux to belay as for Carnivore .
on creag a'bhancair , glen coe , freshly graduated doctor grant farquhar , with assistance from gary latter , climbed up with the sun — a line that starts next to uncertain emotions the heads up and right to the [staying] peg on risk business , follows that route to its belay and then boldly climbs the arête left of gone with the wind crux to belay as for carnivore .

The remaining seven aircraft were flown back to Prestwick for re-allotment .
the [staying] seven aircraft were flown back to prestwick for re-allotment .

One of the Zeros , a Model 21 , is on display at the Caldwell Air Museum , Idaho , and the remaining pair ( both 32s ) are in storage .
one of the zeros , a model 21 , is on display at the caldwell air museum , idaho , and the [staying] pair ( both 32s ) are in storage .

Remove as much damaged wood as possible , then dry off the remaining timber with a hot air gun
remove as much damaged wood as possible , then dry off the [staying] timber with a hot air gun

To make a room look longer ; fit a floor to ceiling mirror panel in the centre of the wall , opposite a window , then cover the remaining wall or panels on either side with wallpaper that matches that in the rest of the room .
to make a room look longer ; fit a floor to ceiling mirror panel in the centre of the wall , opposite a window , then cover the [staying] wall or panels on either side with wallpaper that matches that in the rest of the room .

When the cap has been removed , the chimney must be swept thoroughly to remove all remaining soot , as well as loose mortar and other lining material .
when the cap has been removed , the chimney must be swept thoroughly to remove all [staying] soot , as well as loose mortar and other lining material .

Any remaining pencil marks are unlikely to be noticeable .
any [staying] pencil marks are unlikely to be noticeable .

By following the rules of paperhanging and plumbing a vertical after turning the corners , the remaining border could be levelled by following the pattern in the wallcovering and the need for marking out thus dispensed with .
by following the rules of paperhanging and plumbing a vertical after turning the corners , the [staying] border could be levelled by following the pattern in the wallcovering and the need for marking out thus dispensed with .

The remaining items were compared in terms of ‘ Difficulty ’ and ‘ Discrimination ’ .
the [staying] items were compared in terms of ‘ difficulty ’ and ‘ discrimination ’ .

The remaining three peaks of the west ridge ( Loughshannagh , Carn and Muck ) are not especially exciting , but below the ridge to the east is a broad shelf containing the beautiful little lake of Lough Shannagh and ending abruptly at the top of the Ben Crom cliffs .
the [staying] three peaks of the west ridge ( loughshannagh , carn and muck ) are not especially exciting , but below the ridge to the east is a broad shelf containing the beautiful little lake of lough shannagh and ending abruptly at the top of the ben crom cliffs .

Two pints were swiftly downed in the 10 minutes remaining , helping to cool tempers and throw a more rosy glow over the day 's epic proceedings .
two pints were swiftly downed in the 10 minutes [staying] , helping to cool tempers and throw a more rosy glow over the day 's epic proceedings .

Knit about 10 rows on the remaining 50 needles .
knit about 10 rows on the [staying] 50 needles .

The remaining ones ( needle return levers , jacquard , LiLi ) , are concerned more with needle selection than the actual knitting of stitches .
the [staying] ones ( needle return levers , jacquard , lili ) , are concerned more with needle selection than the actual knitting of stitches .

In contrast , idealist thought supposes a converse determination and disregards the importance of reference to practical activity for the generation of abstractions , thereby remaining ideological .
in contrast , idealist thought supposes a converse determination and disregards the importance of reference to practical activity for the generation of abstractions , thereby [staying] ideological .

As well as the sampler sweater mentioned earlier , you can add cables to the bodice of a garment and work the remaining yoke and sleeves in a simple small tuck pattern .
as well as the sampler sweater mentioned earlier , you can add cables to the bodice of a garment and work the [staying] yoke and sleeves in a simple small tuck pattern .

The fabric itself is a very soft and elastic type , giving great warmth and comfort , but at the same time , remaining relatively lightweight .
the fabric itself is a very soft and elastic type , giving great warmth and comfort , but at the same time , [staying] relatively lightweight .

As Banderas struggles to come to terms with the choices being offered him — remaining a serious but relatively obscure actor in European films , or accepting the international stardom Hollywood dangles seductively before him with its accompanying riches and loss of privacy — the roles currently being offered seem eerily appropriate .
as banderas struggles to come to terms with the choices being offered him — [staying] a serious but relatively obscure actor in european films , or accepting the international stardom hollywood dangles seductively before him with its accompanying riches and loss of privacy — the roles currently being offered seem eerily appropriate .

The remaining lump now consisted of the crankcase , blacks , heads , inlet manifolds and fuel trunk .
the [staying] lump now consisted of the crankcase , blacks , heads , inlet manifolds and fuel trunk .

Ted and Jim now alternated their time between dismantling the remaining assembly and splitting and cleaning the sub-assemblies already removed from the engine .
ted and jim now alternated their time between dismantling the [staying] assembly and splitting and cleaning the sub-assemblies already removed from the engine .

Cross these two over , placing the two stitches from the left on to the two empty needles at the right , finally place the remaining two stitches on to the two needles at the left .
cross these two over , placing the two stitches from the left on to the two empty needles at the right , finally place the [staying] two stitches on to the two needles at the left .

However , Kennel Club member Mrs Cass said she was ‘ coping marvellously ’ with the remaining 37 .
however , kennel club member mrs cass said she was ‘ coping marvellously ’ with the [staying] 37 .

Rowena Cass , 73 , who kept her ‘ bairns ’ in three rooms at home , will appeal against a court ruling to hand over her remaining 37 dogs .
rowena cass , 73 , who kept her ‘ bairns ’ in three rooms at home , will appeal against a court ruling to hand over her [staying] 37 dogs .

Becky , of Shanklin , on the Isle of Wight , will need at least one more operation in January to cover up the remaining bald patches on her head .
becky , of shanklin , on the isle of wight , will need at least one more operation in january to cover up the [staying] bald patches on her head .

The couple 's remaining daughter , Lynn , a 22-year-old freelance photographer , was last night being comforted by relatives .
the couple 's [staying] daughter , lynn , a 22-year-old freelance photographer , was last night being comforted by relatives .

Despite signs of renewed interest from both Ford and Volkswagen ( keen to re-establish itself as the largest car manufacturer in Europe ) , the British government announced in March 1988 that it intended to pursue a wholly British solution for the remaining parts of Rover by selling it to British Aerospace ( BAe ) .
despite signs of renewed interest from both ford and volkswagen ( keen to re-establish itself as the largest car manufacturer in europe ) , the british government announced in march 1988 that it intended to pursue a wholly british solution for the [staying] parts of rover by selling it to british aerospace ( bae ) .

The North on this basis comprises Scotland , Wales , Northern Ireland and the remaining areas of England ( North England , Yorkshire and Humberside and the North West ) ( see Figure 9.1 ) .
the north on this basis comprises scotland , wales , northern ireland and the [staying] areas of england ( north england , yorkshire and humberside and the north west ) ( see figure 9.1 ) .

After he had left the train , the remaining passenger noticed a cigar-case lying on the floor .
after he had left the train , the [staying] passenger noticed a cigar-case lying on the floor .

The Wisharts read the remaining news in their papers and looked out of the window , the old lady was still silent and motionless .
the wisharts read the [staying] news in their papers and looked out of the window , the old lady was still silent and motionless .

The area 's only three remaining pits , Grimethorpe , Houghton Main and Markham Main , are all on the list of the 10 most likely to close .
the area 's only three [staying] pits , grimethorpe , houghton main and markham main , are all on the list of the 10 most likely to close .

Perhaps after all there was much to be said for remaining independent , carving out your own orbit .
perhaps after all there was much to be said for [staying] independent , carving out your own orbit .

’ Cheryl asked , her mouth remaining half-open when she finished speaking .
’ cheryl asked , her mouth [staying] half-open when she finished speaking .

Remaining hidden as best he could , he glanced down the street both ways .
[staying] hidden as best he could , he glanced down the street both ways .

She darted , out of sight , through the kitchens and to the service lift , remaining hidden until the white-jacketed waiter pushed the trolley past .
she darted , out of sight , through the kitchens and to the service lift , [staying] hidden until the white-jacketed waiter pushed the trolley past .

Guildford Kings star Gordon , who top scored with 17 points , put his country back on course to qualify for next year 's tournament finals in Germany , when all hope had seemed lost with less than five minutes remaining .
guildford kings star gordon , who top scored with 17 points , put his country back on course to qualify for next year 's tournament finals in germany , when all hope had seemed lost with less than five minutes [staying] .

And former manager Terry Butcher , who was dismissed last January , has taken out a High Court writ for the remaining two years of his contract — an estimated £500,000 .
and former manager terry butcher , who was dismissed last january , has taken out a high court writ for the [staying] two years of his contract — an estimated £500,000 .

With four minutes remaining of an ill-tempered game , Lazio were trailing to a 47th-minute goal scored by Roma favourite Giuseppe Giannini .
with four minutes [staying] of an ill-tempered game , lazio were trailing to a 47th-minute goal scored by roma favourite giuseppe giannini .

With just four minutes remaining , though , the stalest of stalemates was broken by Chelsea captain Andy Townsend , who rounded off an immensely difficult few days for Leeds manager Howard Wilkinson .
with just four minutes [staying] , though , the stalest of stalemates was broken by chelsea captain andy townsend , who rounded off an immensely difficult few days for leeds manager howard wilkinson .

The shipowner had no relatives remaining in Iran , and none in France of whom they were aware .
the shipowner had no relatives [staying] in iran , and none in france of whom they were aware .

The fear of remaining empty ( oral ) or being emptied ( anal ) has a special quality in girls , since the body image of the girl ( even before she ‘ knows ’ her inner anatomic arrangements ) includes a valuable inside ,
the fear of [staying] empty ( oral ) or being emptied ( anal ) has a special quality in girls , since the body image of the girl ( even before she ‘ knows ’ her inner anatomic arrangements ) includes a valuable inside ,

Poach remaining apples for two mins in enough water to cover , then slice thinly and fan across the puree .
poach [staying] apples for two mins in enough water to cover , then slice thinly and fan across the puree .

Add remaining cider , boil , then swirl in rest of the butter by shaking the pan .
add [staying] cider , boil , then swirl in rest of the butter by shaking the pan .

Dot with remaining butter and bake for about 10 minutes , or until the fish is opaque .
dot with [staying] butter and bake for about 10 minutes , or until the fish is opaque .

Whisk together remaining ingredients except grapefruit slices and mint leaves .
whisk together [staying] ingredients except grapefruit slices and mint leaves .

If such unresolved conflicts are successfully addressed , if individuals can begin to forgive themselves for their failures and indiscretions , it can bring them a renewed meaning and significance for the remaining part of their lives .
if such unresolved conflicts are successfully addressed , if individuals can begin to forgive themselves for their failures and indiscretions , it can bring them a renewed meaning and significance for the [staying] part of their lives .

Through disengagement , elderly people are believed to transfer their remaining time and energy to matters more restful and congenial — to reflection , reminiscence and rest .
through disengagement , elderly people are believed to transfer their [staying] time and energy to matters more restful and congenial — to reflection , reminiscence and rest .

Remaining uninvolved in the conversation
[staying] uninvolved in the conversation

’ If someone is hell-bent on controlling you through criticism you stop them by agreeing with what they say ( 'Yes , you 're quite right about the report ' ) and then remaining quiet .
’ if someone is hell-bent on controlling you through criticism you stop them by agreeing with what they say ( 'yes , you 're quite right about the report ' ) and then [staying] quiet .

Remaining disinterested and uninvolved , thereby creating distance .
[staying] disinterested and uninvolved , thereby creating distance .

Ensure the flowers are as dry as possible before placing them on the blotting paper , as any remaining moisture will encourage mildew to form and spoil all your efforts .
ensure the flowers are as dry as possible before placing them on the blotting paper , as any [staying] moisture will encourage mildew to form and spoil all your efforts .

He spent his remaining 10 years , until he died in 1954 , vainly trying to lure her back to his studio .
he spent his [staying] 10 years , until he died in 1954 , vainly trying to lure her back to his studio .

He must not act unlawfully in other ways such as remaining on premises after being lawfully requested to leave .
he must not act unlawfully in other ways such as [staying] on premises after being lawfully requested to leave .

Patience , which is born out of tolerance and mutual respect , while still remaining firm in belief , is still the calling of the Christian .
patience , which is born out of tolerance and mutual respect , while still [staying] firm in belief , is still the calling of the christian .

The remaining tree frogs crouched among the moss to escape the heat of the afternoon sun .
the [staying] tree frogs crouched among the moss to escape the heat of the afternoon sun .

By fighting by-elections , it was argued , while remaining in the Government , Labour could demonstrate the public demand for more radical measures and increase its muscle at the Cabinet table .
by fighting by-elections , it was argued , while [staying] in the government , labour could demonstrate the public demand for more radical measures and increase its muscle at the cabinet table .

The remaining bare shell is then cut up and sent off to its grave in the industry 's melting pot .
the [staying] bare shell is then cut up and sent off to its grave in the industry 's melting pot .

The remaining 75 per cent — much of it ground down to toxic sludge and non-degradable waste — ends up dumped in landfill sites .
the [staying] 75 per cent — much of it ground down to toxic sludge and non-degradable waste — ends up dumped in landfill sites .

Hardly a month goes by without an event having you uncorking the champagne or counting your remaining blessings .
hardly a month goes by without an event having you uncorking the champagne or counting your [staying] blessings .

Both are as entitled as any other separating couple to find happiness , though it is hard to see how they will find it with a new partner while remaining married to each other .
both are as entitled as any other separating couple to find happiness , though it is hard to see how they will find it with a new partner while [staying] married to each other .

Any money paid off is deducted from the oldest transaction remaining on your account .
any money paid off is deducted from the oldest transaction [staying] on your account .

The 37-year-old former England winger vowed he would see out the remaining 18 months of his contract , saying : Coppell , 37 , dismissed reports that he is wanted by Sunderland as he prepared to take his side back to Anfield where they crashed 5-0 on Saturday .
the 37-year-old former england winger vowed he would see out the [staying] 18 months of his contract , saying : coppell , 37 , dismissed reports that he is wanted by sunderland as he prepared to take his side back to anfield where they crashed 5-0 on saturday .

Having overtaken Clive 's score , he declared knowing that if he lost his wicket in the remaining two of his 10 overs he would have 10 runs deducted .
having overtaken clive 's score , he declared knowing that if he lost his wicket in the [staying] two of his 10 overs he would have 10 runs deducted .

But with 11 minutes remaining , Steve Whitton set up Guentchev who opened his Ipswich scoring account with a splendid overhead kick .
but with 11 minutes [staying] , steve whitton set up guentchev who opened his ipswich scoring account with a splendid overhead kick .

With just eight minutes remaining , Randall , 34 , curled over a cross which fooled Cobblers keeper Barry Richardson and dropped into the net .
with just eight minutes [staying] , randall , 34 , curled over a cross which fooled cobblers keeper barry richardson and dropped into the net .

And with five minutes remaining , United keeper Peter Schmeichel pulled off a magnificent double-save from Quinn and then David White to ensure victory .
and with five minutes [staying] , united keeper peter schmeichel pulled off a magnificent double-save from quinn and then david white to ensure victory .

The following are revised dates for the implementation of the remaining sections of the 1989 Companies Act .
the following are revised dates for the implementation of the [staying] sections of the 1989 companies act .

The only matter remaining was to quantify what was properly due to the receivers as remuneration before bringing the receivership to an end .
the only matter [staying] was to quantify what was properly due to the receivers as remuneration before bringing the receivership to an end .

For investors still concerned about the possibility of inflation 's remaining a problem , Britannia Building Society 's Index Linked Account is well worth considering .
for investors still concerned about the possibility of inflation 's [staying] a problem , britannia building society 's index linked account is well worth considering .

The third party then exercised those rights , as did other minority shareholders owning 40 % of the remaining 45 % of the company 's share capital ; therefore 95 % of the rights issue was taken up .
the third party then exercised those rights , as did other minority shareholders owning 40 % of the [staying] 45 % of the company 's share capital ; therefore 95 % of the rights issue was taken up .

The Hermetic axiom ‘ as above — so below ’ is again apparent in the discussion of innumerable phenomena which differ only in aspect , size and proportion , their nature remaining consistent with the workings of the universal scheme of creation .
the hermetic axiom ‘ as above — so below ’ is again apparent in the discussion of innumerable phenomena which differ only in aspect , size and proportion , their nature [staying] consistent with the workings of the universal scheme of creation .

The lower-level courts were abolished and the remaining judicial powers of Kandyan headmen were eliminated .
the lower-level courts were abolished and the [staying] judicial powers of kandyan headmen were eliminated .

In June , one of the few remaining sections of single line on the main road in Croydon was doubled , that between Aberdeen Road and Parker Road , South End .
in june , one of the few [staying] sections of single line on the main road in croydon was doubled , that between aberdeen road and parker road , south end .

The remaining operating staff had to work long hours preparing and implementing an evacuation programme for school children , an exercise in which the trams played their part in getting them to the main line railway stations on the first part of their journey away from London .
the [staying] operating staff had to work long hours preparing and implementing an evacuation programme for school children , an exercise in which the trams played their part in getting them to the main line railway stations on the first part of their journey away from london .

In March 1948 , Croydon Corporation had discussion with London Transport about plans for the widening of the main road at the corner of North End and Crown Hill , so that the tram track could be doubled at this last remaining section of single track on the main line .
in march 1948 , croydon corporation had discussion with london transport about plans for the widening of the main road at the corner of north end and crown hill , so that the tram track could be doubled at this last [staying] section of single track on the main line .

However , there were no further developments during the remaining life of the trams and the road was not widened until 1967 .
however , there were no further developments during the [staying] life of the trams and the road was not widened until 1967 .

The 23 remaining ex-Croydon cars were soon put into service on the various routes based on New Cross depôt , but 396 had been a war casualty and 376 damaged beyond repair in an accident just after the war .
the 23 [staying] ex-croydon cars were soon put into service on the various routes based on new cross depôt , but 396 had been a war casualty and 376 damaged beyond repair in an accident just after the war .

Ciaran Fitzgerald and the team will be all too aware that they let the fans down and so a repeat of that disaster in the remaining matches is most unlikely .
ciaran fitzgerald and the team will be all too aware that they let the fans down and so a repeat of that disaster in the [staying] matches is most unlikely .

The Halifax says that about 20 % of the money deposited in Tessas was new money — the remaining 80 % was transferred from other accounts already held with the society .
the halifax says that about 20 % of the money deposited in tessas was new money — the [staying] 80 % was transferred from other accounts already held with the society .

Variations from the regular cost are spread over the expected remaining service lives of employees currently in the scheme .
variations from the regular cost are spread over the expected [staying] service lives of employees currently in the scheme .

The directors have considered the value of the remaining fixed assets and are satisfied that they are worth , in total , not less than the aggregate amount at which they are stated in the company 's accounts .
the directors have considered the value of the [staying] fixed assets and are satisfied that they are worth , in total , not less than the aggregate amount at which they are stated in the company 's accounts .

unlimited right to share in the surplus remaining on a winding up after all liabilities and participation rights of other classes of shares have been satisfied ;
unlimited right to share in the surplus [staying] on a winding up after all liabilities and participation rights of other classes of shares have been satisfied ;

Conditions in the base camp that is home to me , photographer David Hill , the remaining 15 expedition members , 18 Sherpas , three cooks , three kitchen boys , and one mail runnner are harsh .
conditions in the base camp that is home to me , photographer david hill , the [staying] 15 expedition members , 18 sherpas , three cooks , three kitchen boys , and one mail runnner are harsh .

This is a tall-growing plant with all the leaves remaining submerged .
this is a tall-growing plant with all the leaves [staying] submerged .

The remaining items of your video holiday baggage are all optional .
the [staying] items of your video holiday baggage are all optional .

The societies , plus Abbey National — which became a bank when it floated in 1989 — currently have a market share of about 85 % , with banks and centralised lenders such as The Mortgage Corporation accounting for most of the remaining 15 % .
the societies , plus abbey national — which became a bank when it floated in 1989 — currently have a market share of about 85 % , with banks and centralised lenders such as the mortgage corporation accounting for most of the [staying] 15 % .

In that situation , the company should also give a note that analyses the balance sheet figure between the surplus remaining in the scheme , which at 31 March 1993 would be nil , and the total of unamortised variation of £27m .
in that situation , the company should also give a note that analyses the balance sheet figure between the surplus [staying] in the scheme , which at 31 march 1993 would be nil , and the total of unamortised variation of £27m .

The remaining cousins signed their copies of the memorandum , either on the day of the funeral or within a few days afterwards .
the [staying] cousins signed their copies of the memorandum , either on the day of the funeral or within a few days afterwards .

Whenever possible provision should be made for relocating or retraining dismissed staff , not only because of the personal benefits to those involved , but also because of the effects on the remaining staff 's morale .
whenever possible provision should be made for relocating or retraining dismissed staff , not only because of the personal benefits to those involved , but also because of the effects on the [staying] staff 's morale .

About daily life in the first established , Lewes , surprisingly little has remained ; it never really achieved the independence many other similar towns acquired , remaining essentially a manorial borough of its lords , the de Warennes , for most of the middle ages .
about daily life in the first established , lewes , surprisingly little has remained ; it never really achieved the independence many other similar towns acquired , [staying] essentially a manorial borough of its lords , the de warennes , for most of the middle ages .

The assault on the remaining Wealden woodland was probably halted .
the assault on the [staying] wealden woodland was probably halted .

At first this was forthcoming , social stability mattering for more than religious principle , but the next forty years saw a growing split in the ranks of the Sussex leaders as Puritanism spread and the remaining Catholics came under suspicion for their dual allegiances .
at first this was forthcoming , social stability mattering for more than religious principle , but the next forty years saw a growing split in the ranks of the sussex leaders as puritanism spread and the [staying] catholics came under suspicion for their dual allegiances .

Where men like Bradford of Pippingford Warren attempted to enclose the remaining wastes of Ashdown Forest and succeeded , it was a comparatively rare event ; unlike the Midlands enclosure , which frequently redistributed arable land , the sand and clay of Wealden waste required wholesale draining and massive injections of capital before they could be used for profitable corn-growing .
where men like bradford of pippingford warren attempted to enclose the [staying] wastes of ashdown forest and succeeded , it was a comparatively rare event ; unlike the midlands enclosure , which frequently redistributed arable land , the sand and clay of wealden waste required wholesale draining and massive injections of capital before they could be used for profitable corn-growing .

But it is not yet known whether the teenager is returning to her mother or remaining with her 18-year-old boyfriend 's family .
but it is not yet known whether the teenager is returning to her mother or [staying] with her 18-year-old boyfriend 's family .

But because the case was heard in private it is not known whether the teenager is returning to her mother or remaining with her 18-year-old boyfriend 's family .
but because the case was heard in private it is not known whether the teenager is returning to her mother or [staying] with her 18-year-old boyfriend 's family .

The remaining 900 employees — out of a workforce once totalling 40,000 — were given the grim news yesterday at a meeting with managers and union representatives .
the [staying] 900 employees — out of a workforce once totalling 40,000 — were given the grim news yesterday at a meeting with managers and union representatives .

Last night Mr Major was remaining cautiously optimistic that he could save the Maastricht Treaty .
last night mr major was [staying] cautiously optimistic that he could save the maastricht treaty .

But Carol is remaining discreet on the exact design .
but carol is [staying] discreet on the exact design .

Charles , then , was the second brother to be left a widower , after Thomas ; the domestic burden thus falling upon him and his remaining daughters must have been rather a daunting one , including the need to feed , control and educate young Ben , then only nine years old .
charles , then , was the second brother to be left a widower , after thomas ; the domestic burden thus falling upon him and his [staying] daughters must have been rather a daunting one , including the need to feed , control and educate young ben , then only nine years old .

She flogged off her remaining 9 % stake for £100,000 in February .
she flogged off her [staying] 9 % stake for £100,000 in february .

The shares jumped 5p to 75p on the figures but reading between the lines the group 's remaining operations are not exactly dyanmic .
the shares jumped 5p to 75p on the figures but reading between the lines the group 's [staying] operations are not exactly dyanmic .

Isosceles , its debt-laden owner , is still knee-deep in hock to its big high street lenders , and speculation is rife that the remaining 10 shopping days to Christmas could be crucial .
isosceles , its debt-laden owner , is still knee-deep in hock to its big high street lenders , and speculation is rife that the [staying] 10 shopping days to christmas could be crucial .

On the other hand , the assets of the remaining 30 or 300 former partners would be protected ; their stake in the firm might disappear of course , but not their home .
on the other hand , the assets of the [staying] 30 or 300 former partners would be protected ; their stake in the firm might disappear of course , but not their home .

At the meeting , it was decided that County , the underwriters Dillon Read and Phillips & Drew would take some of the remaining shares and then sell them slowly over the next few weeks , a move which had been discussed with County 's lawyers beforehand .
at the meeting , it was decided that county , the underwriters dillon read and phillips & drew would take some of the [staying] shares and then sell them slowly over the next few weeks , a move which had been discussed with county 's lawyers beforehand .

Of these , only cost structure directly relates to financial control ; the remaining factors cover non-financial and external issues .
of these , only cost structure directly relates to financial control ; the [staying] factors cover non-financial and external issues .

Soundcraft Electronics Ltd ( Electronics ) owned 75% of the share capital of Soundcraft Magnetics Ltd ( Magnetics ) and the remaining 25% of Magnetics was owned by Alexander Nicholas and Timothy Eustace equally .
soundcraft electronics ltd ( electronics ) owned 75% of the share capital of soundcraft magnetics ltd ( magnetics ) and the [staying] 25% of magnetics was owned by alexander nicholas and timothy eustace equally .

In September 1984 , Caparo made a bid for the remaining shares and subsequently acquired them .
in september 1984 , caparo made a bid for the [staying] shares and subsequently acquired them .

Such arrangements are also often associated with the custom of keeping men 's and women 's worlds sharply segregated , although as Saifullah Khan ( 1976 ) points out in her discussion of purdah in Bradford , the luxury of remaining truly separate could only ever be afforded by the comparatively wealthy .
such arrangements are also often associated with the custom of keeping men 's and women 's worlds sharply segregated , although as saifullah khan ( 1976 ) points out in her discussion of purdah in bradford , the luxury of [staying] truly separate could only ever be afforded by the comparatively wealthy .

In rural communities , pressures to conform to a fixed structure of normative obligations were strong , since most people 's livelihood depended upon remaining within the family unit .
in rural communities , pressures to conform to a fixed structure of normative obligations were strong , since most people 's livelihood depended upon [staying] within the family unit .

Arguably , the most valuable material is in the remaining three chapters where the authors discuss a European emphasis on preventive and social action which is less apparent here .
arguably , the most valuable material is in the [staying] three chapters where the authors discuss a european emphasis on preventive and social action which is less apparent here .

Roll and tilt angles for the bases in the central region are low , remaining within 3° and 4° of zero , respectively .
roll and tilt angles for the bases in the central region are low , [staying] within 3° and 4° of zero , respectively .

The remaining 7 C-terminal residues of sCD2 adopt an extended conformation .
the [staying] 7 c-terminal residues of scd2 adopt an extended conformation .

The reason for this was that the nominally dry samples were not oven-dried and would contain small amounts of remaining pore fluids .
the reason for this was that the nominally dry samples were not oven-dried and would contain small amounts of [staying] pore fluids .

Even at the highest pressures used here , the progressive loss of conduction by the small amounts of fluid still remaining in the pores unfortunately prevents quantitative comparisons with a dry rock containing only compact carbon and matrix minerals .
even at the highest pressures used here , the progressive loss of conduction by the small amounts of fluid still [staying] in the pores unfortunately prevents quantitative comparisons with a dry rock containing only compact carbon and matrix minerals .

The branching pattern of the remaining protostomes is just as contentious .
the branching pattern of the [staying] protostomes is just as contentious .

This will occur if the viscosity of the magma is low enough for crystals to escape from the boundary layer on the convective timescale rather than remaining to contribute to the density evolution of the boundary layer .
this will occur if the viscosity of the magma is low enough for crystals to escape from the boundary layer on the convective timescale rather than [staying] to contribute to the density evolution of the boundary layer .

We infer that the intrusion was actively degassing , the frothy material remaining mobile and hot .
we infer that the intrusion was actively degassing , the frothy material [staying] mobile and hot .

Japan risks remaining saddled for years to come with the primitive financial sector that created the domestic boom and bust of the late-1980s .
japan risks [staying] saddled for years to come with the primitive financial sector that created the domestic boom and bust of the late-1980s .

Any seats left go to whoever has the most votes remaining .
any seats left go to whoever has the most votes [staying] .

His reaction to this defeat was to tighten his grip on parliament , throwing the remaining democrats off two influential parliamentary committees , one concerned with economic reform , the other with the press and television .
his reaction to this defeat was to tighten his grip on parliament , throwing the [staying] democrats off two influential parliamentary committees , one concerned with economic reform , the other with the press and television .

Her technique is to remove any crumbly enamel on the biting surface of the affected tooth , bevel the remaining enamel for stability and then fill the decayed areas with a plastic resin .
her technique is to remove any crumbly enamel on the biting surface of the affected tooth , bevel the [staying] enamel for stability and then fill the decayed areas with a plastic resin .

Prison officers are now salaried and take time off in lieu rather than accumulate high earnings on overtime ; they can purchase their own houses , and they can be promoted to governor grades rather than remaining a secondary uniformed branch .
prison officers are now salaried and take time off in lieu rather than accumulate high earnings on overtime ; they can purchase their own houses , and they can be promoted to governor grades rather than [staying] a secondary uniformed branch .

As a result Birmingham expects to divert £700,000 from its residential budget to improve its fostering services and staffing levels in its remaining residential homes .
as a result birmingham expects to divert £700,000 from its residential budget to improve its fostering services and staffing levels in its [staying] residential homes .

Part of the programme includes contracting out seven nurseries while the remaining three become day centres .
part of the programme includes contracting out seven nurseries while the [staying] three become day centres .

Remaining sessions each focus on a single episode in the story ( with the important theme of sexual choice being allocated two sessions ) .
[staying] sessions each focus on a single episode in the story ( with the important theme of sexual choice being allocated two sessions ) .

In England , the north-east region was the last to be penetrated fully by the London papers , with Newcastle and Darlington remaining important newspaper cities into the 1980s .
in england , the north-east region was the last to be penetrated fully by the london papers , with newcastle and darlington [staying] important newspaper cities into the 1980s .

Sri Lankans , who have lost two of their three main political leaders within eight days , will be asked their opinion of the remaining politicians at provincial elections on May 17th .
sri lankans , who have lost two of their three main political leaders within eight days , will be asked their opinion of the [staying] politicians at provincial elections on may 17th .

It ensured that the Delaware law was partly scrapped in November 1991 , and is still trying to reduce the banks ' remaining powers , particularly in reinsurance .
it ensured that the delaware law was partly scrapped in november 1991 , and is still trying to reduce the banks ' [staying] powers , particularly in reinsurance .

Cries could be heard from the stairs as the policemen tried to make their way up to the landing , the remaining boys making it as difficult as possible for them in the hope that their brother would get away .
cries could be heard from the stairs as the policemen tried to make their way up to the landing , the [staying] boys making it as difficult as possible for them in the hope that their brother would get away .

That meant one of two things — the remaining houses were either being patched up or demolished to make way for pre-fabs .
that meant one of two things — the [staying] houses were either being patched up or demolished to make way for pre-fabs .

Sarah 's seven remaining sons carried Anthony 's coffin to the graveside .
sarah 's seven [staying] sons carried anthony 's coffin to the graveside .

Even in her grief she could still look out for her remaining children .
even in her grief she could still look out for her [staying] children .

Almost all of the remaining capital required to make up the £1551 millions invested came from borrowing .
almost all of the [staying] capital required to make up the £1551 millions invested came from borrowing .

Subsequent criticism of inadequate standardisation suggests indeed that there was some sensitivity to the benefits of using the remaining economic life of non-standard systems and older equipment within Boards .
subsequent criticism of inadequate standardisation suggests indeed that there was some sensitivity to the benefits of using the [staying] economic life of non-standard systems and older equipment within boards .

‘ Where do you think the remaining 49 billion roubles will go ?
‘ where do you think the [staying] 49 billion roubles will go ?

The state will unload some of its remaining 25.5 % stake in Crédit Local de France , a local-government financing outfit , in a few weeks .
the state will unload some of its [staying] 25.5 % stake in crédit local de france , a local-government financing outfit , in a few weeks .

The 300 or so remaining tigers in Russia are also being killed .
the 300 or so [staying] tigers in russia are also being killed .

Remaining single is fashionable .
[staying] single is fashionable .

The Egyptian press has received a fax , purportedly from the Jamaat Islamiya , now waging war on Egypt 's secular regime , which was sent from a post office in Peshawar , the Pakistani border headquarters for many of the remaining Arab Afghanis .
the egyptian press has received a fax , purportedly from the jamaat islamiya , now waging war on egypt 's secular regime , which was sent from a post office in peshawar , the pakistani border headquarters for many of the [staying] arab afghanis .

That remaining difference , it can be argued , is the cost of insuring against political , financial and economic risks by using a wide range of debt instruments .
that [staying] difference , it can be argued , is the cost of insuring against political , financial and economic risks by using a wide range of debt instruments .

This year , for instance , it bought the remaining 50 % of Fidelity and Deposit Company of Maryland , a surety and fidelity business with annual gross premiums of about $ 130m , from Swiss Reinsurance , its Zurich neighbour .
this year , for instance , it bought the [staying] 50 % of fidelity and deposit company of maryland , a surety and fidelity business with annual gross premiums of about $ 130m , from swiss reinsurance , its zurich neighbour .

The chairman and deputy-chairman took two shares each , and the remaining directors one share each , and they were free to use these nominations as they saw fit , within certain broad guidelines established by parliament .
the chairman and deputy-chairman took two shares each , and the [staying] directors one share each , and they were free to use these nominations as they saw fit , within certain broad guidelines established by parliament .

David Scott , for example , complained that he got so many requests for Indian patronage from the council of St. Andrews that if the remaining burghs in his district were to seek aid in proportion to the size of their communities it ‘ would require more patronage than the whole East India Direction have in their gift ’ .
david scott , for example , complained that he got so many requests for indian patronage from the council of st. andrews that if the [staying] burghs in his district were to seek aid in proportion to the size of their communities it ‘ would require more patronage than the whole east india direction have in their gift ’ .

Of the remaining places of interest to freeholders and other voters , the medical service employed 542 officers , while the Indian Marine , the naval service of the Company , provided places for only 12 captains , 14 commanders , 46 lieutenants and 71 officers of lesser rank in its warships and dockyards .
of the [staying] places of interest to freeholders and other voters , the medical service employed 542 officers , while the indian marine , the naval service of the company , provided places for only 12 captains , 14 commanders , 46 lieutenants and 71 officers of lesser rank in its warships and dockyards .

The commander of an East Indiamen might bring home with him 38 tons of cargo , his chief mate was allowed eight tons , the second officer six tons , and the remaining officers in decreasing proportion , but for all of them it was an important part of their remuneration .
the commander of an east indiamen might bring home with him 38 tons of cargo , his chief mate was allowed eight tons , the second officer six tons , and the [staying] officers in decreasing proportion , but for all of them it was an important part of their remuneration .

The surviving correspondence does not make clear what happened to Mr. Carrick , but as Glassford had by the time of election three votes prepared and George Abercromby defeated Major Dundas , it may be surmised that Lord Dundas 's failure to secure the reinstatement of the collector of Inverness was seen by Glassford as a neglect which justified his remaining friendly with Abercromby .
the surviving correspondence does not make clear what happened to mr. carrick , but as glassford had by the time of election three votes prepared and george abercromby defeated major dundas , it may be surmised that lord dundas 's failure to secure the reinstatement of the collector of inverness was seen by glassford as a neglect which justified his [staying] friendly with abercromby .

Much of the remaining employment suitable for gentlemen , however , was more fully in the hands of the Administration and its delegates , and that in itself affords sufficient explanation of the strength of government in Scottish political life .
much of the [staying] employment suitable for gentlemen , however , was more fully in the hands of the administration and its delegates , and that in itself affords sufficient explanation of the strength of government in scottish political life .

Social workers demonstrated a professional preference for children remaining with their natural families , and regarded admissions to care as tantamount to failure .
social workers demonstrated a professional preference for children [staying] with their natural families , and regarded admissions to care as tantamount to failure .

They found that 161 of the children were admitted , and for the remaining 200 children the initial decision was that they should not come into care although subsequently a significant proportion did .
they found that 161 of the children were admitted , and for the [staying] 200 children the initial decision was that they should not come into care although subsequently a significant proportion did .

The remaining 275 hereditary peers state no preference , though they would mostly vote Tory if pushed .
the [staying] 275 hereditary peers state no preference , though they would mostly vote tory if pushed .

Now , through the just-introduced ‘ interest-maintenance reserve ’ , they must spread profits equally over the remaining years to maturity of the traded bond .
now , through the just-introduced ‘ interest-maintenance reserve ’ , they must spread profits equally over the [staying] years to maturity of the traded bond .

The care provided by the Beacon was to transfer to special units in the remaining children 's day centres .
the care provided by the beacon was to transfer to special units in the [staying] children 's day centres .

They had halved the remaining distance to the burning yacht when Talbot got through to the radio-room again .
they had halved the [staying] distance to the burning yacht when talbot got through to the radio-room again .

We 're remaining here as a marker until the diving ship arrives .
we 're [staying] here as a marker until the diving ship arrives .

In the aft compartment they went through the routine exercise of listening to the remaining six missiles and found what they had expected , nothing .
in the aft compartment they went through the routine exercise of listening to the [staying] six missiles and found what they had expected , nothing .

When the bomber surfaces , is n't the weight of the remaining wing and its two engines going to tilt it just as far in the other direction ?
when the bomber surfaces , is n't the weight of the [staying] wing and its two engines going to tilt it just as far in the other direction ?

The remaining strategies are designed to decrease the overload and pressure themselves .
the [staying] strategies are designed to decrease the overload and pressure themselves .

Now considered the finest portrait remaining in private hands in Britain , it is among a very few first rank works by the artist in any genre remaining in private hands in Britain .
now considered the finest portrait [staying] in private hands in britain , it is among a very few first rank works by the artist in any genre [staying] in private hands in britain .

Today , however , it is a very different story with only five species remaining and each one endangered .
today , however , it is a very different story with only five species [staying] and each one endangered .

Anselm was now ready for the remaining stages of his promotion : in September he did homage to the king and was invested with the lands of the archbishopric ; on 25 September he was enthroned at Canterbury , and on 4 December 1093 he was consecrated at Canterbury .
anselm was now ready for the [staying] stages of his promotion : in september he did homage to the king and was invested with the lands of the archbishopric ; on 25 september he was enthroned at canterbury , and on 4 december 1093 he was consecrated at canterbury .

Anselm and the king 's envoy had an inconclusive meeting with the pope , Anselm remaining silent while members of the Curia openly took the king 's side .
anselm and the king 's envoy had an inconclusive meeting with the pope , anselm [staying] silent while members of the curia openly took the king 's side .

Of the remaining Rubens , lot 57 ‘ The Marriages of Constantine and Faustina and of Constantia and Licinius ’ made a new record for an oil sketch at £680,000 ( $ 1.08 , est .
of the [staying] rubens , lot 57 ‘ the marriages of constantine and faustina and of constantia and licinius ’ made a new record for an oil sketch at £680,000 ( $ 1.08 , est .

Mr Slavicek was out of Prague that week , and there was no one out of the remaining 449 employees who had the authority to give one black-and-white photograph to a local newspaper .
mr slavicek was out of prague that week , and there was no one out of the [staying] 449 employees who had the authority to give one black-and-white photograph to a local newspaper .

Lots selling for above that figure will be charged at 15 % on the first $ 50,000 and 10 % for the remaining amount .
lots selling for above that figure will be charged at 15 % on the first $ 50,000 and 10 % for the [staying] amount .

The remaining three ( ‘ Girlfriend ’ , ‘ How Soon ’ and ‘ This Charming Man ’ ) merely underline the fact that even the most valium-addicted manic depressive would be wasting his/her bullets on this sordid cash-in .
the [staying] three ( ‘ girlfriend ’ , ‘ how soon ’ and ‘ this charming man ’ ) merely underline the fact that even the most valium-addicted manic depressive would be wasting his/her bullets on this sordid cash-in .

Meet Moonshake , one of the blessed few remaining non-conformist independent groups , at Aldgate and be taken on a guided tour of the Ripper 's murder-sites .
meet moonshake , one of the blessed few [staying] non-conformist independent groups , at aldgate and be taken on a guided tour of the ripper 's murder-sites .

In 1973 the Fauna and Flora Preservation Society of London sponsored a comprehensive survey of the Asian elephant , one of the most important aspects of which was an attempt to take a census of the population still remaining in the wild .
in 1973 the fauna and flora preservation society of london sponsored a comprehensive survey of the asian elephant , one of the most important aspects of which was an attempt to take a census of the population still [staying] in the wild .

For simplicity 's sake , Hong Kong , Kowloon and the New Territories can be divided into three main habitats , all of which are under threat : the sea , including the coastline ; the hills with remaining woodland ; and the marshland .
for simplicity 's sake , hong kong , kowloon and the new territories can be divided into three main habitats , all of which are under threat : the sea , including the coastline ; the hills with [staying] woodland ; and the marshland .

For the remaining five-sixths of Deep Bay the threats are ever-present .
for the [staying] five-sixths of deep bay the threats are ever-present .

‘ Turning our attention now to the remaining portion of the Archipelago , we shall find that all the islands from the Celebes and Lombok eastward exhibit almost as close a resemblance to Australia and New Guinea as the western islands do to Asia … ’
‘ turning our attention now to the [staying] portion of the archipelago , we shall find that all the islands from the celebes and lombok eastward exhibit almost as close a resemblance to australia and new guinea as the western islands do to asia … ’

Fortunately , steps are being taken by the Indonesian wildlife department , assisted by the Worldwide Fund for Nature , to protect the remaining population and to increase it by artificial rearing .
fortunately , steps are being taken by the indonesian wildlife department , assisted by the worldwide fund for nature , to protect the [staying] population and to increase it by artificial rearing .

Throughout the century , rather more males than females were born , the ratio remaining relatively constant despite beliefs that the proportion of male births increases after wars in which the mortality of young adult men greatly exceeds that of young adult women .
throughout the century , rather more males than females were born , the ratio [staying] relatively constant despite beliefs that the proportion of male births increases after wars in which the mortality of young adult men greatly exceeds that of young adult women .

There is little point in denying that if Britain is to enable the very old in the present as well as the future to live out their remaining years in dignity , more human and material resources will have to be devoted to their welfare .
there is little point in denying that if britain is to enable the very old in the present as well as the future to live out their [staying] years in dignity , more human and material resources will have to be devoted to their welfare .

Yet it is evident that the timing of the Act had been determined by Churchill 's desire to popularize his first budget and , with the rate of pension remaining static despite inflation , the continuing poverty of many elderly people merely testified to the inefficacy of such posturing in a climate of financial stringency .
yet it is evident that the timing of the act had been determined by churchill 's desire to popularize his first budget and , with the rate of pension [staying] static despite inflation , the continuing poverty of many elderly people merely testified to the inefficacy of such posturing in a climate of financial stringency .

those over 60/65 ) capable of remaining within the community until biological old age was reached , but even then , given appropriate community support , many of them could enjoy a full personal and community life .
those over 60/65 ) capable of [staying] within the community until biological old age was reached , but even then , given appropriate community support , many of them could enjoy a full personal and community life .

The abolition of national service , Commonwealth immigration , the entry into the labour market of the ‘ baby boom ’ generation , and the increasing numbers of married women remaining in or returning to work all provided additional supplies of labour .
the abolition of national service , commonwealth immigration , the entry into the labour market of the ‘ baby boom ’ generation , and the increasing numbers of married women [staying] in or returning to work all provided additional supplies of labour .

The one remaining example , No 120 , was built in 1899 and entered service in August of that year .
the one [staying] example , no 120 , was built in 1899 and entered service in august of that year .

So , when the 1971 British Lions stretched Fergie McCormick this way and that when winning the First Test on Mains ' home ground , the All Black selectors decided that McCormick had to go , and Mains went on to play the remaining three Tests of the first rubber that the Lions had won in New Zealand .
so , when the 1971 british lions stretched fergie mccormick this way and that when winning the first test on mains ' home ground , the all black selectors decided that mccormick had to go , and mains went on to play the [staying] three tests of the first rubber that the lions had won in new zealand .

He then partnered doubles specialist Sean O'Donoghue to secure maximum points from the tie in the remaining doubles clash .
he then partnered doubles specialist sean o'donoghue to secure maximum points from the tie in the [staying] doubles clash .

Currently , all three remaining members of My Captains still live in Oxford .
currently , all three [staying] members of my captains still live in oxford .

On the return journey again with 75069 in charge another photographic runpast was arranged at Borle viaduct just south of Highley , and then the train traversed the tracks of the remaining spur of the former Tenbury branch and also Rock Siding at Bewdley before its return to Kidderminster .
on the return journey again with 75069 in charge another photographic runpast was arranged at borle viaduct just south of highley , and then the train traversed the tracks of the [staying] spur of the former tenbury branch and also rock siding at bewdley before its return to kidderminster .

In 1973 the Duke was left abandoned in the Barry scrapyard and its remaining hulk looked beyond recovery .
in 1973 the duke was left abandoned in the barry scrapyard and its [staying] hulk looked beyond recovery .

The Conservative Party continued the Labour practice of remaining aloof , though never actively criticising attempts at European union as long as they did not threaten what Britain conceived to be its own vital interests .
the conservative party continued the labour practice of [staying] aloof , though never actively criticising attempts at european union as long as they did not threaten what britain conceived to be its own vital interests .

In Paris , an engineering specialist in deep tunnelling in heavy rock strata , home on leave , made up his mind there and then to turn his back on the remaining two and a half years of his contract .
in paris , an engineering specialist in deep tunnelling in heavy rock strata , home on leave , made up his mind there and then to turn his back on the [staying] two and a half years of his contract .

Fuchida ordered his remaining 324 aircraft back to the waiting carriers but stayed as long as he could over the target .
fuchida ordered his [staying] 324 aircraft back to the waiting carriers but stayed as long as he could over the target .

The travellers were then carried in a northerly direction and with Spalding now on their right and Bourne to the left , the craft was stabilized by throwing out all the remaining ballast .
the travellers were then carried in a northerly direction and with spalding now on their right and bourne to the left , the craft was stabilized by throwing out all the [staying] ballast .

The remaining three aircraft , seeing the intense opposition put up by the Harbour defences and no longer having the advantage of surprise , realised that they had no chance of entering the Harbour without being hit .
the [staying] three aircraft , seeing the intense opposition put up by the harbour defences and no longer having the advantage of surprise , realised that they had no chance of entering the harbour without being hit .

Clarkson saw the model of the African Institution in these circumstances remaining relevant .
clarkson saw the model of the african institution in these circumstances [staying] relevant .

Of the remaining 471 area petitions a number contained signatures from several places ; 542 places in all petitioned in 1792 .
of the [staying] 471 area petitions a number contained signatures from several places ; 542 places in all petitioned in 1792 .

The venerable Clarkson , for many reformers the remaining patriarch of the movement , was not exempt by 1838–40 .
the venerable clarkson , for many reformers the [staying] patriarch of the movement , was not exempt by 1838–40 .

With mature fish displaying as much colour as juveniles , and adult sizes remaining at manageable levels for most marine aquariums , there is so much to be said in their favour .
with mature fish displaying as much colour as juveniles , and adult sizes [staying] at manageable levels for most marine aquariums , there is so much to be said in their favour .

The remaining £500 was also sent to Cafod for children in Somalia .
the [staying] £500 was also sent to cafod for children in somalia .

It took more than a month to find and sign a contract with another company to complete the remaining work .
it took more than a month to find and sign a contract with another company to complete the [staying] work .

For Shumiatski the famous scene in Modern Times in which Chaplin accidentally finds himself leading a Socialist demonstration showed the comedian remaining ‘ true to himself ’ for ‘ he is lonely — his path has nothing in common with the path of the masses — it is the path of the external failure ’ .
for shumiatski the famous scene in modern times in which chaplin accidentally finds himself leading a socialist demonstration showed the comedian [staying] ‘ true to himself ’ for ‘ he is lonely — his path has nothing in common with the path of the masses — it is the path of the external failure ’ .

Drill and plug the remaining holes and secure strip to wall
drill and plug the [staying] holes and secure strip to wall

The two worlds differ markedly in the distribution of populations , developed countries have about 65 % of the population in the economically active age range from 15–64 years , about 25 % under 15 and the remaining 10 % in retirement .
the two worlds differ markedly in the distribution of populations , developed countries have about 65 % of the population in the economically active age range from 15–64 years , about 25 % under 15 and the [staying] 10 % in retirement .

The remaining 165 days disappear in week-ends , holidays and absence for training , sickness and so on .
the [staying] 165 days disappear in week-ends , holidays and absence for training , sickness and so on .

In this category , blacks have a greater capacity than whites for remaining relaxed under pressure .
in this category , blacks have a greater capacity than whites for [staying] relaxed under pressure .

Judge Vaughn Walker has dismissed three of the surviving claims in Apple Computer Inc 's suit against Microsoft Corp and Hewlett-Packard Co : Apple had originally alleged infringement in 189 elements of Windows , claiming they duplicated the look and feel of the Macintosh ; the judge has now removed the remaining three Microsoft Windows features — overlapping windows , animation of windows and icon movements — from the suit and reaffirmed his earlier decision that the jury shall apply a virtual identity standard in comparing the works as a whole ; a pre-trial conference has been set for June 28 in the suit .
judge vaughn walker has dismissed three of the surviving claims in apple computer inc 's suit against microsoft corp and hewlett-packard co : apple had originally alleged infringement in 189 elements of windows , claiming they duplicated the look and feel of the macintosh ; the judge has now removed the [staying] three microsoft windows features — overlapping windows , animation of windows and icon movements — from the suit and reaffirmed his earlier decision that the jury shall apply a virtual identity standard in comparing the works as a whole ; a pre-trial conference has been set for june 28 in the suit .

Employees therefore had a vested interest in remaining with their firm since job mobility was restricted .
employees therefore had a vested interest in [staying] with their firm since job mobility was restricted .

The dissolution of the remaining chantries in 1547 , for example , was justified on the Lutheran grounds that they encouraged ‘ vain opinions ’ concerning purgatory and intercessory masses and left people ignorant of ‘ their very true and perfect salvation through the death of Jesus Christ ’ .
the dissolution of the [staying] chantries in 1547 , for example , was justified on the lutheran grounds that they encouraged ‘ vain opinions ’ concerning purgatory and intercessory masses and left people ignorant of ‘ their very true and perfect salvation through the death of jesus christ ’ .

In some parts of the country Elizabeth 's accession was greeted with spontaneous outbursts of iconoclastic activity , and shortly afterwards a new set of royal visitors began systematically to pull down , smash , or burn any remaining images .
in some parts of the country elizabeth 's accession was greeted with spontaneous outbursts of iconoclastic activity , and shortly afterwards a new set of royal visitors began systematically to pull down , smash , or burn any [staying] images .

Apprehensive of defeat , he sent one reserve corps to bolster the northern sector , another to the southern sector , while holding those remaining between the two .
apprehensive of defeat , he sent one reserve corps to bolster the northern sector , another to the southern sector , while holding those [staying] between the two .

Severed human limbs , heads and trunks lay scattered over a wide area ; other human remains , accompanied by tattered shreds of uniform , hung grotesquely from the remaining tree branches .
severed human limbs , heads and trunks lay scattered over a wide area ; other human remains , accompanied by tattered shreds of uniform , hung grotesquely from the [staying] tree branches .

All rail links with Verdun were soon destroyed by the German bombardment , so Petain ordered the improvement and widening of the sole remaining road to the fortress that from Bar-le-Duc , 48km/30mls to the south .
all rail links with verdun were soon destroyed by the german bombardment , so petain ordered the improvement and widening of the sole [staying] road to the fortress that from bar-le-duc , 48km/30mls to the south .

And some 200 U-boats , capable of remaining at sea for up to four weeks and armed with torpedoes and guns , were deployed in the Atlantic , covering the approaches from North America along which most merchantmen passed .
and some 200 u-boats , capable of [staying] at sea for up to four weeks and armed with torpedoes and guns , were deployed in the atlantic , covering the approaches from north america along which most merchantmen passed .

Her remaining troops fled into the northern province of Moldavia , where they were in some measure protected by their Russian ally .
her [staying] troops fled into the northern province of moldavia , where they were in some measure protected by their russian ally .

Of the remaining 21 mines , 19 blew up German fortifications on a curving front of just less than 16km/10mls , running from St Yves to Mount Sorrel .
of the [staying] 21 mines , 19 blew up german fortifications on a curving front of just less than 16km/10mls , running from st yves to mount sorrel .

Seal all joints with fire cement , then fill in the remaining gap behind the top section of the fireback using more of the insulating mortar
seal all joints with fire cement , then fill in the [staying] gap behind the top section of the fireback using more of the insulating mortar

Chisel away the damaged timber , keeping the remaining surfaces vertical so you can accurately mark the replacement timber
chisel away the damaged timber , keeping the [staying] surfaces vertical so you can accurately mark the replacement timber

First cut away the damaged wood , then brush the special hardener on to all remaining soft fibres .
first cut away the damaged wood , then brush the special hardener on to all [staying] soft fibres .

Comanecj 's dramatic flight to America just weeks before the revolution robbed Romania of one of its few remaining internationally known citizens and further encouraged the stories about Nicu 's behaviour .
comanecj 's dramatic flight to america just weeks before the revolution robbed romania of one of its few [staying] internationally known citizens and further encouraged the stories about nicu 's behaviour .

Melt remaining chocolate , let cool slightly .
melt [staying] chocolate , let cool slightly .

The conditions under which loans were made on security of goods remaining the property of the borrowers were strictly regulated by the Bills of Sale Acts .
the conditions under which loans were made on security of goods [staying] the property of the borrowers were strictly regulated by the bills of sale acts .

So their file shows them as remaining in debt , even when they are no longer .
so their file shows them as [staying] in debt , even when they are no longer .

Now free , few will shun the remaining piton protection in Suicide Wall , a polished toughie providing strenuous finger moves that demand respect .
now free , few will shun the [staying] piton protection in suicide wall , a polished toughie providing strenuous finger moves that demand respect .

Fill in the gaps around the arch top with expanded metal mesh nailed to timber battens , screwed down to the sides of the remaining opening .
fill in the gaps around the arch top with expanded metal mesh nailed to timber battens , screwed down to the sides of the [staying] opening .

Cut the two remaining sides using the same procedure
cut the two [staying] sides using the same procedure

This is not to say that the world dictates the pattern for the Church to adopt , but to point out that the Church must be constantly examining itself to ensure that it is remaining true to the gospel and that the only barrier is the inescapable offence of the atoning message of the cross which stands at the centre of that gospel .
this is not to say that the world dictates the pattern for the church to adopt , but to point out that the church must be constantly examining itself to ensure that it is [staying] true to the gospel and that the only barrier is the inescapable offence of the atoning message of the cross which stands at the centre of that gospel .

On 26th April , it declined to offer evidence on the charges for the remaining third murder and they , too , were dropped without publicity .
on 26th april , it declined to offer evidence on the charges for the [staying] third murder and they , too , were dropped without publicity .

The remaining two men received sentences of nine months ( suspended for two years ) for allowing themselves to be carried in a stolen vehicle .
the [staying] two men received sentences of nine months ( suspended for two years ) for allowing themselves to be carried in a stolen vehicle .

Charges in connection with one remaining murder and travelling in the presence of an unlicensed pistol were still pending against Orchin , Richmond and McCready when The Sunday Times published its findings .
charges in connection with one [staying] murder and travelling in the presence of an unlicensed pistol were still pending against orchin , richmond and mccready when the sunday times published its findings .

Parts of the surface were masked off , and the remaining colour worn away with hydrochloric acid .
parts of the surface were masked off , and the [staying] colour worn away with hydrochloric acid .

21.1 In the event that any or any part of the terms , conditions or provisions contained in this Agreement shall be determined invalid , unlawful or unenforceable to any extent such term , condition or provision shall be severed from the remaining terms , conditions and provisions which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law .
21.1 in the event that any or any part of the terms , conditions or provisions contained in this agreement shall be determined invalid , unlawful or unenforceable to any extent such term , condition or provision shall be severed from the [staying] terms , conditions and provisions which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law .

17.1 If in the Publisher 's opinion the Work should cease to have a sufficiently remunerative sale the Publisher may either remainder or waste any copies remaining on hand .
17.1 if in the publisher 's opinion the work should cease to have a sufficiently remunerative sale the publisher may either remainder or waste any copies [staying] on hand .

8.8 If any sub-clause of this clause 8 is held to be invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law then it should be deemed to be omitted and if as a result either party becomes liable for loss or damage which would otherwise have been excluded then such liability shall be subject to the remaining sub-clauses of this clause 8 .
8.8 if any sub-clause of this clause 8 is held to be invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law then it should be deemed to be omitted and if as a result either party becomes liable for loss or damage which would otherwise have been excluded then such liability shall be subject to the [staying] sub-clauses of this clause 8 .

16.1 If in the Publisher 's opinion the Work should cease to have a sufficiently remunerative sale the Publisher may either remainder or waste any copies remaining on hand .
16.1 if in the publisher 's opinion the work should cease to have a sufficiently remunerative sale the publisher may either remainder or waste any copies [staying] on hand .

Joan had regaled her with details of the Twelfth Night festivities — whilst remaining noticeably reticent on the subject of Prince Edward .
joan had regaled her with details of the twelfth night festivities — whilst [staying] noticeably reticent on the subject of prince edward .

The queen-dowager had her own reasons for wishing to keep her daughter-in-law close at hand — whilst accepting that her remaining in sanctuary in the circumstances was out of the question .
the queen-dowager had her own reasons for wishing to keep her daughter-in-law close at hand — whilst accepting that her [staying] in sanctuary in the circumstances was out of the question .

‘ The outer door will be unlocked and a servant , our remaining trusted servant , will await your arrival .
‘ the outer door will be unlocked and a servant , our [staying] trusted servant , will await your arrival .

The costs of exit ( leaving ) are the loss of private services from the organization and the hostility of the remaining members .
the costs of exit ( leaving ) are the loss of private services from the organization and the hostility of the [staying] members .

The complex bureaucracy of capitalism could be replaced with a simple-to-operate ‘ workers ’ administration ' run by elected soviets , and with ordinary workers rotating into any remaining functionary positions .
the complex bureaucracy of capitalism could be replaced with a simple-to-operate ‘ workers ’ administration ' run by elected soviets , and with ordinary workers rotating into any [staying] functionary positions .

It expects to retain a third party to sell any remaining assets .
it expects to retain a third party to sell any [staying] assets .

In 1759 the French were known to be preparing an invasion of Scotland in which French forces would sail and rouse any remaining Stuart rebels .
in 1759 the french were known to be preparing an invasion of scotland in which french forces would sail and rouse any [staying] stuart rebels .

Nine cases have over one-half ( 52 per cent ) of the total coverage , while the remaining 105 cases contribute the other one-half .
nine cases have over one-half ( 52 per cent ) of the total coverage , while the [staying] 105 cases contribute the other one-half .

Of the remaining thirty-seven falling within its wide catchment area , only one ( 3 per cent ) is mentioned in a national newspaper .
of the [staying] thirty-seven falling within its wide catchment area , only one ( 3 per cent ) is mentioned in a national newspaper .

Of the remaining seventeen falling within its catchment area , only three ( i.e .
of the [staying] seventeen falling within its catchment area , only three ( i.e .

The main charge was contested in four of the cases , while the accused admitted the offences in four others ; in the remaining case , the father admitted the charge , while the mother contested the case .
the main charge was contested in four of the cases , while the accused admitted the offences in four others ; in the [staying] case , the father admitted the charge , while the mother contested the case .

identified in the total series of 114 rape cases referred to the Brixton gang ( most of the remaining two-thirds were about The Fox ) .
identified in the total series of 114 rape cases referred to the brixton gang ( most of the [staying] two-thirds were about the fox ) .

Approximately one-quarter of the cases involved girls aged under 10 , one-quarter involving girls aged between 10 and 12 , one-quarter involving girls as teenagers up to the age of 18 and the remaining one-quarter of the cases involved adult women .
approximately one-quarter of the cases involved girls aged under 10 , one-quarter involving girls aged between 10 and 12 , one-quarter involving girls as teenagers up to the age of 18 and the [staying] one-quarter of the cases involved adult women .

The golfer , his strength renewed , is then eager to do battle with the remaining holes .
the golfer , his strength renewed , is then eager to do battle with the [staying] holes .

However at the famous December '69 auction to dispose of the remaining assets , three of the Hunslets were given a new lease of life , virtually on home territory .
however at the famous december '69 auction to dispose of the [staying] assets , three of the hunslets were given a new lease of life , virtually on home territory .

Those remaining were mostly old men , women and children .
those [staying] were mostly old men , women and children .

Following the Permanent Way Engineer 's inspection and his ‘ all-clear ’ , the remaining services resumed to Glyndyfrdwy as timetabled .
following the permanent way engineer 's inspection and his ‘ all-clear ’ , the [staying] services resumed to glyndyfrdwy as timetabled .

Commercial Manager Richard Waterhouse and his father Rom , explained the long term aim , which is to purchase the remaining section of the former North Staffordshire Railway Churnet Valley line from Leekbrook Junction to Oakmoor Sand Sidings ( Hepworth Minerals Moneystone Quarry ) .
commercial manager richard waterhouse and his father rom , explained the long term aim , which is to purchase the [staying] section of the former north staffordshire railway churnet valley line from leekbrook junction to oakmoor sand sidings ( hepworth minerals moneystone quarry ) .

The remaining vision will be good , but mobility and associated activities will be affected .
the [staying] vision will be good , but mobility and associated activities will be affected .

Vic Williams has said that he left his regiment only after concluding that he had no other option remaining ( at no time prior to his decision to leave was he made aware of his rights as a soldier to register a conscientious objection to military service ) .
vic williams has said that he left his regiment only after concluding that he had no other option [staying] ( at no time prior to his decision to leave was he made aware of his rights as a soldier to register a conscientious objection to military service ) .

Those who did so were released ; the remaining nine were tried and received sentences of up to three years .
those who did so were released ; the [staying] nine were tried and received sentences of up to three years .

Meanwhile , breaking apart like a toppling chimneystack , its body collapsed and felled another , which threw up an arm as it went down , as if thinking to save itself by grabbing hold of one of its remaining upright companions .
meanwhile , breaking apart like a toppling chimneystack , its body collapsed and felled another , which threw up an arm as it went down , as if thinking to save itself by grabbing hold of one of its [staying] upright companions .

Detailed enough to be authoritative , while remaining readable .
detailed enough to be authoritative , while [staying] readable .

Some tracks are littered with hundreds of carcasses signifying an immense extension of the famine if the remaining livestock continues to die at this rate .
some tracks are littered with hundreds of carcasses signifying an immense extension of the famine if the [staying] livestock continues to die at this rate .

So what are the Somali people and the relief agencies to do for this country which seems past the point of no return ? The farmers ' tenacity is extraordinary : they had been looted repeatedly of their tools and crops , but continue to work the fields every day , planting their meagre remaining seed reserve .
so what are the somali people and the relief agencies to do for this country which seems past the point of no return ? the farmers ' tenacity is extraordinary : they had been looted repeatedly of their tools and crops , but continue to work the fields every day , planting their meagre [staying] seed reserve .

It should not pause to sniff at the scents of other dogs , at the same time remaining very responsive to its owner 's instructions , adjusting its stance slightly , perhaps , to show off its finer points .
it should not pause to sniff at the scents of other dogs , at the same time [staying] very responsive to its owner 's instructions , adjusting its stance slightly , perhaps , to show off its finer points .

They will take approximately a week to reach this stage , so that while any traces remaining in a carpet could give rise to problems , a solid floor can be easily disinfected to kill them before this stage is reached .
they will take approximately a week to reach this stage , so that while any traces [staying] in a carpet could give rise to problems , a solid floor can be easily disinfected to kill them before this stage is reached .

The eggs simply plopped out in front of the host bird , who carried on incubating any remaining eggs as though nothing had happened .
the eggs simply plopped out in front of the host bird , who carried on incubating any [staying] eggs as though nothing had happened .

Natural selection would then gradually have produced a hardier group of individuals capable of remaining for longer in the remote mountain regions .
natural selection would then gradually have produced a hardier group of individuals capable of [staying] for longer in the remote mountain regions .

And now , in these few remaining minutes , before the photographer , the fingerprint officers , the forensic biologists arrived at the scene , he had the place almost to himself .
and now , in these few [staying] minutes , before the photographer , the fingerprint officers , the forensic biologists arrived at the scene , he had the place almost to himself .

’ Sometimes he suspected that she had even known how diminished was his remaining store of faith , that it was this essential lack and not his general inadequacy which was at the core of her disdain .
’ sometimes he suspected that she had even known how diminished was his [staying] store of faith , that it was this essential lack and not his general inadequacy which was at the core of her disdain .

There are several pretty and interesting villages to explore including Outwood , where you can see one of England 's few remaining watermills .
there are several pretty and interesting villages to explore including outwood , where you can see one of england 's few [staying] watermills .

Nearby is Tamworth Castle , one of the country 's few remaining Norman shell-keeps , which is reputedly haunted .
nearby is tamworth castle , one of the country 's few [staying] norman shell-keeps , which is reputedly haunted .

Of the twenty-one bedrooms , seventeen are spacious with private facilities , and the remaining four are attic rooms with shared bathrooms .
of the twenty-one bedrooms , seventeen are spacious with private facilities , and the [staying] four are attic rooms with shared bathrooms .

There might well also be a memorial to Dowd on the tiny island of Tafahi , in the northern part of the Pacific Ocean 's only remaining monarchy , the kingdom of Tonga .
there might well also be a memorial to dowd on the tiny island of tafahi , in the northern part of the pacific ocean 's only [staying] monarchy , the kingdom of tonga .

They spent much of the winter , from Palm Sunday until late August , in the centre of a chilly and miserable bay at what is now Puerto San Julián — a winter made doubly wretched by an appalling mutiny and the consequent executions and maroonings that Magellan ordered ; by the stranding and wrecking of the Santiago , which the Captain-General had sent on a sounding expedition ; and by the realization of the dreadful damage done to the remaining ships by the constant chomping and feasting of those plank-gourmets of the seas , the teredo worms .
they spent much of the winter , from palm sunday until late august , in the centre of a chilly and miserable bay at what is now puerto san julián — a winter made doubly wretched by an appalling mutiny and the consequent executions and maroonings that magellan ordered ; by the stranding and wrecking of the santiago , which the captain-general had sent on a sounding expedition ; and by the realization of the dreadful damage done to the [staying] ships by the constant chomping and feasting of those plank-gourmets of the seas , the teredo worms .

Father Pedro de Valderrama , the Trinidad 's padre , stood on the poop deck and called down on the crew of all three remaining vessels the blessing of Our Lady of Victory .
father pedro de valderrama , the trinidad 's padre , stood on the poop deck and called down on the crew of all three [staying] vessels the blessing of our lady of victory .

His body was entirely missing below the waist , the stump of his torso being plugged in to a cybercart of softly gurgling tubes , which he controlled with his one remaining flesh-and-bone hand .
his body was entirely missing below the waist , the stump of his torso being plugged in to a cybercart of softly gurgling tubes , which he controlled with his one [staying] flesh-and-bone hand .

The Chaplain thumped his pus-yellow , azure-chevroned cuirass with his one remaining organic fist .
the chaplain thumped his pus-yellow , azure-chevroned cuirass with his one [staying] organic fist .

How nonchalantly he posed , letting his menials deal with the remaining , no longer so elegant riff-raff .
how nonchalantly he posed , letting his menials deal with the [staying] , no longer so elegant riff-raff .

The remaining Warlord Titans were moving out from their berths alongside , striding away from the Emperor in lumbering haste .
the [staying] warlord titans were moving out from their berths alongside , striding away from the emperor in lumbering haste .

The remaining void shields were doing their best to bleed hostile energies away as heat , but there was n't time for it to radiate away .
the [staying] void shields were doing their best to bleed hostile energies away as heat , but there was n't time for it to radiate away .

Pushed to the limits , their remaining void shields failed .
pushed to the limits , their [staying] void shields failed .

He had recently moved out to a house in the suburbs , and he sublet the house to us for the remaining three months on his lease .
he had recently moved out to a house in the suburbs , and he sublet the house to us for the [staying] three months on his lease .

Whether we will find the remaining laws in the fairly near future is a matter of opinion .
whether we will find the [staying] laws in the fairly near future is a matter of opinion .

The balance remaining on completion will be shared out amongst the operatives concerned .
the balance [staying] on completion will be shared out amongst the operatives concerned .

The central government would be responsible for security and foreign policy , law enforcement and the all-union budget ; the remaining responsibilities of government , including socioeconomic development , energy , transport , social policy and higher education , were to be resolved ‘ jointly ’ ( whatever this might mean ) .
the central government would be responsible for security and foreign policy , law enforcement and the all-union budget ; the [staying] responsibilities of government , including socioeconomic development , energy , transport , social policy and higher education , were to be resolved ‘ jointly ’ ( whatever this might mean ) .

Both sides welcomed the Vietnamese commitment to withdraw their troops from Kampuchea ; the level of armed forces along the Sino-Soviet border would be reduced to a minimum , and any remaining territorial differences would be resolved on the basis of international law .
both sides welcomed the vietnamese commitment to withdraw their troops from kampuchea ; the level of armed forces along the sino-soviet border would be reduced to a minimum , and any [staying] territorial differences would be resolved on the basis of international law .

The remaining men were just preparing to leave when suddenly a young man called Laban Tall rushed into the malthouse , almost too excited to speak .
the [staying] men were just preparing to leave when suddenly a young man called laban tall rushed into the malthouse , almost too excited to speak .

Unfortunately Ken 's recovery has suffered a setback after seeing us still in the title race with only fourteen-sixteenths of the season remaining .
unfortunately ken 's recovery has suffered a setback after seeing us still in the title race with only fourteen-sixteenths of the season [staying] .

Those remaining then went home after the Queen .
those [staying] then went home after the queen .

Mr Brownlow suggested that half the remaining money from the will should be given to Monks and the other half to Oliver , although by law it should all have gone to Oliver alone .
mr brownlow suggested that half the [staying] money from the will should be given to monks and the other half to oliver , although by law it should all have gone to oliver alone .

The remaining members of Fagin 's gang died in similar ways in other distant countries , all except Charley Bates , who turned his back on his past life of crime and lived honestly , as a farmer .
the [staying] members of fagin 's gang died in similar ways in other distant countries , all except charley bates , who turned his back on his past life of crime and lived honestly , as a farmer .

Meanwhile , the remaining leaves fell from the sycamore in the square and were swept into oblivion by the stiff brooms of council employees .
meanwhile , the [staying] leaves fell from the sycamore in the square and were swept into oblivion by the stiff brooms of council employees .

The horizon was a dark terracotta colour , the top of the dying sun just visible for a few seconds before it dropped out of sight and the sky doused the remaining light like a heavy black blanket .
the horizon was a dark terracotta colour , the top of the dying sun just visible for a few seconds before it dropped out of sight and the sky doused the [staying] light like a heavy black blanket .

Antonio laced more ketchup onto the remaining burger and picked up a French fry .
antonio laced more ketchup onto the [staying] burger and picked up a french fry .

The sum remaining from his fees will be subject to further deductions for income tax , national insurance and national insurance self-employed tax .
the sum [staying] from his fees will be subject to further deductions for income tax , national insurance and national insurance self-employed tax .

But when the Great Third War — ’ The War To End It All ’ as the old man had written in his journal — had failed to materialise , the whole cumbersome isolation-unit had been folded up and stored away , only the metal brace remaining , for the amusement of each new generation of Shepherd children .
but when the great third war — ’ the war to end it all ’ as the old man had written in his journal — had failed to materialise , the whole cumbersome isolation-unit had been folded up and stored away , only the metal brace [staying] , for the amusement of each new generation of shepherd children .

All the remaining soldiers were gathered in silence .
all the [staying] soldiers were gathered in silence .

She rescued the rifle from the grip of her one remaining hand and grasped it firmly .
she rescued the rifle from the grip of her one [staying] hand and grasped it firmly .

The few remaining tanks of the Chelonian assault force were moving rapidly over the rock towards them .
the few [staying] tanks of the chelonian assault force were moving rapidly over the rock towards them .

From time to time Sherif 's woolly old head , loosely wrapped in a dirty headdress , would fall back against the fly-speckled surface of the remaining quarter of a red sign .
from time to time sherif 's woolly old head , loosely wrapped in a dirty headdress , would fall back against the fly-speckled surface of the [staying] quarter of a red sign .

Outside in the howling , flobs of rain were twisting and twining around the few remaining hutches .
outside in the howling , flobs of rain were twisting and twining around the few [staying] hutches .

They were confined to the ratty quarter-acre of ground , screened off by the landscapers , where the few remaining caravans crouched in shabby senescence .
they were confined to the ratty quarter-acre of ground , screened off by the landscapers , where the few [staying] caravans crouched in shabby senescence .

In practice , there are shadows of the first two functions remaining and the third has been incorporated into the power struggle aspect of the Commons .
in practice , there are shadows of the first two functions [staying] and the third has been incorporated into the power struggle aspect of the commons .

In addition there is a mass of evidence that a very high proportion of people in their sixties and seventies are physically capable of remaining longer than they do in the formal labour market .
in addition there is a mass of evidence that a very high proportion of people in their sixties and seventies are physically capable of [staying] longer than they do in the formal labour market .

Here is found the cities ' oldest remaining housing stock built to accommodate low-paid workers in adjacent factories and menial city-centre jobs and generally receiving very little maintenance as the owners await the transition of the land to a higher-value use like shops or offices or the threat of compulsory purchase for the construction of new relief roads or other types of public-sector development .
here is found the cities ' oldest [staying] housing stock built to accommodate low-paid workers in adjacent factories and menial city-centre jobs and generally receiving very little maintenance as the owners await the transition of the land to a higher-value use like shops or offices or the threat of compulsory purchase for the construction of new relief roads or other types of public-sector development .

Wolski was one of the fifty or so who survived the escape and the remaining months of the war and by a succession of chances so slight , so unpredictable , so arbitrary that they would banish from his mind for ever the belief that there was any sense or pattern to this life , he found his way to Britain in 1945 .
wolski was one of the fifty or so who survived the escape and the [staying] months of the war and by a succession of chances so slight , so unpredictable , so arbitrary that they would banish from his mind for ever the belief that there was any sense or pattern to this life , he found his way to britain in 1945 .

But when he said so , hoping that they would find him a job away from the Zoo , they said instead that if he wanted he could work through the remaining years to his retirement as general helper and sweeper .
but when he said so , hoping that they would find him a job away from the zoo , they said instead that if he wanted he could work through the [staying] years to his retirement as general helper and sweeper .

Yet it was a strange and contradictory fact that on those grim days when even the May blossom and the busy life of all the creatures around the Park could not shake off the ever present fact of the bars and cages of the Zoo and the imprisoned animals , Mr Wolski found silent comfort in the presence of the remaining golden eagle .
yet it was a strange and contradictory fact that on those grim days when even the may blossom and the busy life of all the creatures around the park could not shake off the ever present fact of the bars and cages of the zoo and the imprisoned animals , mr wolski found silent comfort in the presence of the [staying] golden eagle .

Such farms may allow for little or no daily contact with the workforce ( other than by two-way radios fitted to tractors ) , with day-to-day supervision remaining in the hands of managers and foremen .
such farms may allow for little or no daily contact with the workforce ( other than by two-way radios fitted to tractors ) , with day-to-day supervision [staying] in the hands of managers and foremen .

Given the lack of development in many rural areas it is not surprising that the dependency of rural workers on agriculture for employment has remained , nor that so many school-leavers take a job on the land even though they have no intention of remaining there if the choice to leave should present itself .
given the lack of development in many rural areas it is not surprising that the dependency of rural workers on agriculture for employment has remained , nor that so many school-leavers take a job on the land even though they have no intention of [staying] there if the choice to leave should present itself .

More than a quarter of the young workers interviewed had no intention of remaining in agriculture — they hoped to seek more lucrative employment , mainly in the building industry , as lorry drivers , as garage mechanics or perhaps as engineering workers in local factories .
more than a quarter of the young workers interviewed had no intention of [staying] in agriculture — they hoped to seek more lucrative employment , mainly in the building industry , as lorry drivers , as garage mechanics or perhaps as engineering workers in local factories .

These new ‘ immigrants ’ have brought with them an urban , middle-class life-style which is largely alien to the remaining local agricultural population .
these new ‘ immigrants ’ have brought with them an urban , middle-class life-style which is largely alien to the [staying] local agricultural population .

The remaining 13 regarded the attitudes of their tutors as either neutral or good .
the [staying] 13 regarded the attitudes of their tutors as either neutral or good .

Everyone close to her knew that Elinor 's unspoken dream was that Miranda — her only remaining unmarried granddaughter — should marry into the British aristocracy .
everyone close to her knew that elinor 's unspoken dream was that miranda — her only [staying] unmarried granddaughter — should marry into the british aristocracy .

In modern conditions the only remaining peg on which to hang the concession theory 's claim that the state has a special right of intervention in company affairs is the idea that since separate personality and limited liability are benefits conferred by the state , the state is entitled to intervene to safeguard the public interest as a quid pro quo .
in modern conditions the only [staying] peg on which to hang the concession theory 's claim that the state has a special right of intervention in company affairs is the idea that since separate personality and limited liability are benefits conferred by the state , the state is entitled to intervene to safeguard the public interest as a quid pro quo .

The remaining 80 per cent of the records are also equal in update frequency , but account in total for only 20 per cent of transactions .
the [staying] 80 per cent of the records are also equal in update frequency , but account in total for only 20 per cent of transactions .

After the remaining records have been loaded , the percentage of synonyms in the whole file will be .
after the [staying] records have been loaded , the percentage of synonyms in the whole file will be .

It is essential to ensure that every storage position has been initialized , or at least to remove any data remaining from previous uses of the device .
it is essential to ensure that every storage position has been initialized , or at least to remove any data [staying] from previous uses of the device .

On a 3330 , the space taken up by the track index will be at least 57 per cent of track zero if all but one track of the device is allocated to data storage ( the remaining track is assumed to be reserved for overflow records ) .
on a 3330 , the space taken up by the track index will be at least 57 per cent of track zero if all but one track of the device is allocated to data storage ( the [staying] track is assumed to be reserved for overflow records ) .

Questions which it is worth keeping in mind when reading the remaining chapters in this book would be the following :
questions which it is worth keeping in mind when reading the [staying] chapters in this book would be the following :

St. Mary 's Abbey , West Malling , has also been influential in helping other Anglican communities to attempt new musical expression whilst remaining within a monastic ethos .
st. mary 's abbey , west malling , has also been influential in helping other anglican communities to attempt new musical expression whilst [staying] within a monastic ethos .

Not surprisingly there is a greater readiness to experiment where there are more , and perhaps younger , people than where the few elderly remaining members of an order cling to what is familiar .
not surprisingly there is a greater readiness to experiment where there are more , and perhaps younger , people than where the few elderly [staying] members of an order cling to what is familiar .

They can be fine-tuned to match other instruments and have the advantage of remaining in tune once they are set .
they can be fine-tuned to match other instruments and have the advantage of [staying] in tune once they are set .

The remaining chapters
the [staying] chapters

The reason for this , not surprisingly , is that the sale of the better properties , and the partial freezing of capital derived from such sales , has resulted in the continued decline , in both quality and quantity , of the remaining housing stock .
the reason for this , not surprisingly , is that the sale of the better properties , and the partial freezing of capital derived from such sales , has resulted in the continued decline , in both quality and quantity , of the [staying] housing stock .

Failure to improve the condition of the remaining housing stock has also played an important part in the rise of ghetto conditions .
failure to improve the condition of the [staying] housing stock has also played an important part in the rise of ghetto conditions .

It is Lawton 's three remaining headings — rationality , morality and belief — which raise some of the most interesting but elusive questions about the curriculum .
it is lawton 's three [staying] headings — rationality , morality and belief — which raise some of the most interesting but elusive questions about the curriculum .

Again an ambiguous referent was used , with ‘ everybody ’ remaining themselves .
again an ambiguous referent was used , with ‘ everybody ’ [staying] themselves .

Salomon , himself a secured creditor of the company , was therefore entitled to the remaining £6000 in company assets as part payment of his secured debentures .
salomon , himself a secured creditor of the company , was therefore entitled to the [staying] £6000 in company assets as part payment of his secured debentures .

If , for example , the Gnat 's Water Brewery , which operates three inns in a small country village , wishes to close and sell off one of these inns so as to improve the profitability of its remaining inns , it may insert a restrictive covenant into the conditions of sale of the inn in question , whereby the purchaser of the inn covenants not to use the premises as licensed premises .
if , for example , the gnat 's water brewery , which operates three inns in a small country village , wishes to close and sell off one of these inns so as to improve the profitability of its [staying] inns , it may insert a restrictive covenant into the conditions of sale of the inn in question , whereby the purchaser of the inn covenants not to use the premises as licensed premises .

Very broadly stated , it is a duty to treat the trespasser with ordinary humanity … the occupier is not at fault if he has done as much as is required of him , if he has taken reasonable steps to deter the trespasser from entering or remaining on the premises , or part of the premises , in which he will encounter a dangerous situation .
very broadly stated , it is a duty to treat the trespasser with ordinary humanity … the occupier is not at fault if he has done as much as is required of him , if he has taken reasonable steps to deter the trespasser from entering or [staying] on the premises , or part of the premises , in which he will encounter a dangerous situation .

The remaining chapters of this book will all be concerned with the potential application to the understanding of mass consumption of the ideas about objectification and material culture so far developed .
the [staying] chapters of this book will all be concerned with the potential application to the understanding of mass consumption of the ideas about objectification and material culture so far developed .

For the remaining group , workers in manual non-service occupations , those who are directly involved in material production , the pattern is one of decline .
for the [staying] group , workers in manual non-service occupations , those who are directly involved in material production , the pattern is one of decline .

The remaining material in Volume 1 — the so-called ‘ additional analyses ’ — which included detailed information about departmental subprogrammes and the English , Scottish and Welsh components should take more time to produce and be made available in alternative ways , as technical releases , in the spring .
the [staying] material in volume 1 — the so-called ‘ additional analyses ’ — which included detailed information about departmental subprogrammes and the english , scottish and welsh components should take more time to produce and be made available in alternative ways , as technical releases , in the spring .

Its inventor spent the remaining years of his life travelling from dental school to dental school making speeches that forbade dentists to ‘ misuse ’ his noble invention in applications for which he had not intended it .
its inventor spent the [staying] years of his life travelling from dental school to dental school making speeches that forbade dentists to ‘ misuse ’ his noble invention in applications for which he had not intended it .

He holds it the way elderly Greeks hold worry beads , a certain anxiety about the dwindling supplies of life remaining , kept at bay by this endless fiddling .
he holds it the way elderly greeks hold worry beads , a certain anxiety about the dwindling supplies of life [staying] , kept at bay by this endless fiddling .

It has pitilessly tom asunder the motley feudal ties that bound man to his ‘ natural superiors ’ , and has left remaining no other nexus between man and man than naked self-interest , than callous ‘ cash payment ’ .
it has pitilessly tom asunder the motley feudal ties that bound man to his ‘ natural superiors ’ , and has left [staying] no other nexus between man and man than naked self-interest , than callous ‘ cash payment ’ .

The roof , which is stripped of tiles , provides the water-supply ; the chimney smokes so thickly that the opposite wall is barely visible ; the few remaining window-panes are stained and the majority are stuffed with rags and paper .
the roof , which is stripped of tiles , provides the water-supply ; the chimney smokes so thickly that the opposite wall is barely visible ; the few [staying] window-panes are stained and the majority are stuffed with rags and paper .

One remaining issue worthy of development concerns the quality of the methods of inspection used by the inspectors .
one [staying] issue worthy of development concerns the quality of the methods of inspection used by the inspectors .

The modern practice of flailing the remaining hedges with crude machinery has not only destroyed the possibility of such views , but has also led to a considerable reduction of bird and animal life The landscape is much poorer both visually and in content than it was thirty years ago .
the modern practice of flailing the [staying] hedges with crude machinery has not only destroyed the possibility of such views , but has also led to a considerable reduction of bird and animal life the landscape is much poorer both visually and in content than it was thirty years ago .

With all his elaborate political machinery — his control of all the tradesmen in the town and of all the town 's six advowsons , his ownership of some two hundred houses each carrying a vote , his absolute control of the Mayor , the corporation and all the corporation offices — the Marquess of Exeter could not be absolutely certain that the remaining voters would not one day oust his candidates .
with all his elaborate political machinery — his control of all the tradesmen in the town and of all the town 's six advowsons , his ownership of some two hundred houses each carrying a vote , his absolute control of the mayor , the corporation and all the corporation offices — the marquess of exeter could not be absolutely certain that the [staying] voters would not one day oust his candidates .

In the absence of mass mobilization around antiracist aims , it has been impossible to construct structures that could span the gulf between the elements of the movement which are outside the local state and the residues which are dedicated to remaining within it .
in the absence of mass mobilization around antiracist aims , it has been impossible to construct structures that could span the gulf between the elements of the movement which are outside the local state and the residues which are dedicated to [staying] within it .

The remaining boat was taken out of service for fear of a repeat disaster , and new German boats were ordered .
the [staying] boat was taken out of service for fear of a repeat disaster , and new german boats were ordered .

His object attained , the remaining nine years of his life brought to a head many problems between himself and the labour movement which had been latent since his first incursion into a very different labour scene in 1887 .
his object attained , the [staying] nine years of his life brought to a head many problems between himself and the labour movement which had been latent since his first incursion into a very different labour scene in 1887 .

In the remaining branches of manufacturing and production , however , the share is much lower , and it is here that fixed contracts are the most important means of engaging temporary labour .
in the [staying] branches of manufacturing and production , however , the share is much lower , and it is here that fixed contracts are the most important means of engaging temporary labour .

Whilst most of the program elements exist for designing component parts , the main development remaining to be undertaken lies in the procedures for allowing the designer a rapid comparison between a large range of schemes and known design parameters .
whilst most of the program elements exist for designing component parts , the main development [staying] to be undertaken lies in the procedures for allowing the designer a rapid comparison between a large range of schemes and known design parameters .

This resulted in a set description of the functions ( as illustrated in Figure 2.6 ) which described the attributes as : The attributes both describe the properties of the solid spaces whilst the remaining two describe the associations of the intersecting spaces .
this resulted in a set description of the functions ( as illustrated in figure 2.6 ) which described the attributes as : the attributes both describe the properties of the solid spaces whilst the [staying] two describe the associations of the intersecting spaces .

It rules out 85 % of possible clashes and leaves the designer free to concentrate on the remaining 15 % of cases .
it rules out 85 % of possible clashes and leaves the designer free to concentrate on the [staying] 15 % of cases .

The remaining data is then filtered down into three spatial layers holding the node , the box and the wireframe silhouette .
the [staying] data is then filtered down into three spatial layers holding the node , the box and the wireframe silhouette .

From these assembly points the rotational function of the remaining linkages were established and reproduced in graphical form .
from these assembly points the rotational function of the [staying] linkages were established and reproduced in graphical form .

Movements imposed on the left-hand arm thus forced the remaining members to re-configure their angular positions in order to maintain those relationships .
movements imposed on the left-hand arm thus forced the [staying] members to re-configure their angular positions in order to maintain those relationships .

It 's just a matter of remaining possessed by Arjuna , who belongs to the Upper World , `` he told us . ``
it 's just a matter of [staying] possessed by arjuna , who belongs to the upper world , `` he told us . ``

The finest of the remaining buffalo , one by one , were brought into the circle , and dispatched with a single blow to the jugular from a machete .
the finest of the [staying] buffalo , one by one , were brought into the circle , and dispatched with a single blow to the jugular from a machete .

Apportion the time remaining among the number of questions to be answered .
apportion the time [staying] among the number of questions to be answered .

Their prey can not escape detection by remaining still , however .
their prey can not escape detection by [staying] still , however .

Remaining silent may allow fish to evade these predators , but it is no defence against sharks and barracudas .
[staying] silent may allow fish to evade these predators , but it is no defence against sharks and barracudas .

What fraction of all the fruit are the remaining pawpaws ?
what fraction of all the fruit are the [staying] pawpaws ?

Daddy sits a lot , doing nothing and muttering to himself and Mummy 's just retreated — she never starts a conversation , or asks a question , or — You 'd think they 'd be over-anxious about me , their one remaining child and perhaps they are , but they have miserable ways of showing it .
daddy sits a lot , doing nothing and muttering to himself and mummy 's just retreated — she never starts a conversation , or asks a question , or — you 'd think they 'd be over-anxious about me , their one [staying] child and perhaps they are , but they have miserable ways of showing it .

After thought , she asked her mother to bring the remaining Potters — Bill and Frederica — to Christmas dinner in the cottage .
after thought , she asked her mother to bring the [staying] potters — bill and frederica — to christmas dinner in the cottage .

Since the insertion of the dielectric increased the surface charge density on the plates by a factor with the voltage remaining unchanged , we may conclude that the capacitance has also increased by the same factor , yielding .
since the insertion of the dielectric increased the surface charge density on the plates by a factor with the voltage [staying] unchanged , we may conclude that the capacitance has also increased by the same factor , yielding .

The remaining integration is nonetheless difficult , and not expressible in terms of simple functions .
the [staying] integration is nonetheless difficult , and not expressible in terms of simple functions .

The formations under Gen Loehr 's command represented the main part of all the German forces remaining in Yugoslavia as the war approached its end .
the formations under gen loehr 's command represented the main part of all the german forces [staying] in yugoslavia as the war approached its end .

The most serious problem remaining for 5 Corps was thus that posed by the approach of the main body of Croat troops ( reported as being 200,000 in number ) , accompanied by huge numbers of Croat civilians , who were attempting to escape into Austria via Dravograd , towards the small town of Bleiburg just inside the Austrian frontier .
the most serious problem [staying] for 5 corps was thus that posed by the approach of the main body of croat troops ( reported as being 200,000 in number ) , accompanied by huge numbers of croat civilians , who were attempting to escape into austria via dravograd , towards the small town of bleiburg just inside the austrian frontier .

The hard core footing alone will automatically take care of most of this aspect , but it is advisable to put a finer layer over it of shingle and then gravel about 5 cm ( 2 in ) deep , and then fill the remaining space with a soil-containing compost of the John Innes No 2 type ( see pages 33–39 ) .
the hard core footing alone will automatically take care of most of this aspect , but it is advisable to put a finer layer over it of shingle and then gravel about 5 cm ( 2 in ) deep , and then fill the [staying] space with a soil-containing compost of the john innes no 2 type ( see pages 33–39 ) .

Chamomile makes a good lawn , provided it does not have too much traffic on it , but should be used for small areas , as it needs constant attention to keep weeds at bay , but it will have the advantage of remaining green in dry conditions .
chamomile makes a good lawn , provided it does not have too much traffic on it , but should be used for small areas , as it needs constant attention to keep weeds at bay , but it will have the advantage of [staying] green in dry conditions .

In the remaining 103 patients , with presumed left hemisphere speech , mean recall was higher from the right ear .
in the [staying] 103 patients , with presumed left hemisphere speech , mean recall was higher from the right ear .

The data for non-right handers collected by Rasmussen and his colleagues show approximately two thirds of left handers to have left sided speech while the remaining third are divided between those with speech on the right side and those with speech represented bilaterally .
the data for non-right handers collected by rasmussen and his colleagues show approximately two thirds of left handers to have left sided speech while the [staying] third are divided between those with speech on the right side and those with speech represented bilaterally .

The remaining two-thirds of the sucrose we eat is in `` hidden `` form , as in chocolate , confectionery , biscuits , cakes , soft drinks , and ice-cream .
the [staying] two-thirds of the sucrose we eat is in `` hidden `` form , as in chocolate , confectionery , biscuits , cakes , soft drinks , and ice-cream .

The remaining vacancies were not to be filled at all , so that the new House of Commons was to be significantly smaller than the old .
the [staying] vacancies were not to be filled at all , so that the new house of commons was to be significantly smaller than the old .

Each capsule contains around 600 eggs , 94 % of which were laid as `` nurse eggs `` for the nourishment of the remaining 6 % which develop into embryos ( Fretter and Graham , 1985 ) .
each capsule contains around 600 eggs , 94 % of which were laid as `` nurse eggs `` for the nourishment of the [staying] 6 % which develop into embryos ( fretter and graham , 1985 ) .

It may be that their main requisite at this stage is to find protection whilst they continue to live off their food reserves remaining from the food capsule .
it may be that their main requisite at this stage is to find protection whilst they continue to live off their food reserves [staying] from the food capsule .

Count and mark the dog-whelks remaining .
count and mark the dog-whelks [staying] .

He had found , and rediscovered , what was almost certainly the only inlet remaining accessible to that network of subterranean passages , galleries and chambers , that other world beneath the moor .
he had found , and rediscovered , what was almost certainly the only inlet [staying] accessible to that network of subterranean passages , galleries and chambers , that other world beneath the moor .

They spend the remaining part at her West Indian boyfriends home .
they spend the [staying] part at her west indian boyfriends home .

The surviving fry seek refuge among dense plant growth , taking on a leaf-like appearance and remaining entirely motionless , except to feed , and drifting lifelessly with the flow of water if shelter is lost .
the surviving fry seek refuge among dense plant growth , taking on a leaf-like appearance and [staying] entirely motionless , except to feed , and drifting lifelessly with the flow of water if shelter is lost .

You will not have to strip the tank down but wait until the remaining fish are back to 100 per cent health and then begin re-stocking very slowly .
you will not have to strip the tank down but wait until the [staying] fish are back to 100 per cent health and then begin re-stocking very slowly .

In the second case , another pass through the camera can fill the remaining space or part of it ( three to six passes might be required for a multi-image effect ) .
in the second case , another pass through the camera can fill the [staying] space or part of it ( three to six passes might be required for a multi-image effect ) .

Henrietta ( Hetty to her friends , of whom Liz was not one ) embarrassed her , she could never say why : she represented pain , failure , tedium , though not in her own person : somehow , magically , she managed to transfer these attributes to those with whom she conversed , while herself remaining poised and indeed complacent , secure of admiration .
henrietta ( hetty to her friends , of whom liz was not one ) embarrassed her , she could never say why : she represented pain , failure , tedium , though not in her own person : somehow , magically , she managed to transfer these attributes to those with whom she conversed , while herself [staying] poised and indeed complacent , secure of admiration .

‘ If there is confidence in the reliability of informal administrative fact-finding activities that take place in the early stages of the criminal process , the remaining stages of the process can be relatively perfunctory without any loss in operating efficiency .
‘ if there is confidence in the reliability of informal administrative fact-finding activities that take place in the early stages of the criminal process , the [staying] stages of the process can be relatively perfunctory without any loss in operating efficiency .

But this would still leave us wishing to put right the remaining 10 per cent .
but this would still leave us wishing to put right the [staying] 10 per cent .

One is that a power of the House of Lords to remit an appeal to the Court of Appeal to resolve any remaining uncertified points be provided by statute .
one is that a power of the house of lords to remit an appeal to the court of appeal to resolve any [staying] uncertified points be provided by statute .

Remaining funds will be allocated to individual projects , a third to public health research and two-thirds to clinical research .
[staying] funds will be allocated to individual projects , a third to public health research and two-thirds to clinical research .

The remaining section focuses on the complexes of both natural and synthetic macrocyclic molecules and presents a panoramic view .
the [staying] section focuses on the complexes of both natural and synthetic macrocyclic molecules and presents a panoramic view .

But the remaining rural areas actually experienced a net loss of 2 per cent , while one rural district — Norham and Islandshires — had a 12.5 per cent loss .
but the [staying] rural areas actually experienced a net loss of 2 per cent , while one rural district — norham and islandshires — had a 12.5 per cent loss .

In mid-Devon results were even more surprising : the key settlements attracted 8 per cent of permissions , the non-key villages had 51 per cent , and the remaining 41 per cent were in the ‘ open ’ countryside .
in mid-devon results were even more surprising : the key settlements attracted 8 per cent of permissions , the non-key villages had 51 per cent , and the [staying] 41 per cent were in the ‘ open ’ countryside .

Is it the hero of the story bent on remaining ignorant of the castrato hidden beneath the woman ?
is it the hero of the story bent on [staying] ignorant of the castrato hidden beneath the woman ?

The nationalisation of iron and steel-making was one of the few ‘ socialist ’ measures remaining on the party 's agenda .
the nationalisation of iron and steel-making was one of the few ‘ socialist ’ measures [staying] on the party 's agenda .

Neither did the remaining reduced core of electors identifying with the Labour Party subscribe with any unanimity to the proposals of the party 's left wing , which were designed to capitalise on anti-Heath radicalism and extend it in an anti-capitalist direction .
neither did the [staying] reduced core of electors identifying with the labour party subscribe with any unanimity to the proposals of the party 's left wing , which were designed to capitalise on anti-heath radicalism and extend it in an anti-capitalist direction .

Using all available means , make-up , earrings , hats , jewellery , framing , colouring of the skin and hair — the key signifiers of racial difference , in an array of vibrant psychedelic colours — Burman emerges , chameleon like , with new and differing images of her racial and sexual identity , while remaining recognisable and knowing .
using all available means , make-up , earrings , hats , jewellery , framing , colouring of the skin and hair — the key signifiers of racial difference , in an array of vibrant psychedelic colours — burman emerges , chameleon like , with new and differing images of her racial and sexual identity , while [staying] recognisable and knowing .

In the exercise of his remaining prerogatives the king was watched over by a Council of State — a miniature second chamber chosen by the king from a list submitted by the Cortes .
in the exercise of his [staying] prerogatives the king was watched over by a council of state — a miniature second chamber chosen by the king from a list submitted by the cortes .

The boot was open and Hugh was manfully pulling the remaining suitcases out of it .
the boot was open and hugh was manfully pulling the [staying] suitcases out of it .

with much of their remaining strength .
with much of their [staying] strength .

‘ Thus it is plain from these dicta , as well as from the ratio decidendi of the case , that the Divisional Court regarded the Director 's powers under section 2 to obtain information and documents from third persons as remaining unimpaired after the person under investigation had been charged .
‘ thus it is plain from these dicta , as well as from the ratio decidendi of the case , that the divisional court regarded the director 's powers under section 2 to obtain information and documents from third persons as [staying] unimpaired after the person under investigation had been charged .

Already many of the remaining noble landowners were developing modern capitalist methods of farming their estates .
already many of the [staying] noble landowners were developing modern capitalist methods of farming their estates .

With four available among the remaining 44 cards , he had gone in one from 1–5 favourite to 10–1 underdog .
with four available among the [staying] 44 cards , he had gone in one from 1–5 favourite to 10–1 underdog .

Then again , how long can a crisis last while remaining a crisis rather than business as usual ?
then again , how long can a crisis last while [staying] a crisis rather than business as usual ?

Michel Foucault ( 1926–1994 ) , who studied under Althusser , took the step his teacher never did and distanced himself from Marxism while remaining politically radical .
michel foucault ( 1926–1994 ) , who studied under althusser , took the step his teacher never did and distanced himself from marxism while [staying] politically radical .

His wife , more canny than she seemed , had already witnessed huge losses over a scheme to promote detachable shirt cuffs , and so far she had managed to sit on the remaining money .
his wife , more canny than she seemed , had already witnessed huge losses over a scheme to promote detachable shirt cuffs , and so far she had managed to sit on the [staying] money .

When the skulls in the crypt of St Bride 's Church were disinterred the wisps of hair remaining on them were found to have turned bright orange .
when the skulls in the crypt of st bride 's church were disinterred the wisps of hair [staying] on them were found to have turned bright orange .

Richmann and his remaining man ran a few yards after the departing car , blazing away with a frustrated volley which only succeeded in blowing a few holes out of the bodywork and setting fire to the rear-mounted spare wheel .
richmann and his [staying] man ran a few yards after the departing car , blazing away with a frustrated volley which only succeeded in blowing a few holes out of the bodywork and setting fire to the rear-mounted spare wheel .

Slowly constrained by muscles mostly in the grip of rigor mortis , the zombies advanced inexorably on the few remaining Marines .
slowly constrained by muscles mostly in the grip of rigor mortis , the zombies advanced inexorably on the few [staying] marines .

He rushed at her , knocking the remaining matches from her grip .
he rushed at her , knocking the [staying] matches from her grip .

Within seconds of each other , the two remaining freighters were ripped apart in great swathes of flame , sending white hot metal and sprays of burning oil through the cavern .
within seconds of each other , the two [staying] freighters were ripped apart in great swathes of flame , sending white hot metal and sprays of burning oil through the cavern .

The remaining gas drums were torn apart in a huge blast , and a series of titanic explosions ripped through the fuel tanks in their area , the shock wave breaking loose enormous chunks of rock from the roof .
the [staying] gas drums were torn apart in a huge blast , and a series of titanic explosions ripped through the fuel tanks in their area , the shock wave breaking loose enormous chunks of rock from the roof .

Sidacai and the remaining Altun who were to ride with the command had arrived several days earlier , but since his return he had spoken to none of them .
sidacai and the [staying] altun who were to ride with the command had arrived several days earlier , but since his return he had spoken to none of them .

However , if the arbitrage portfolios tend to contain roughly the same subset of shares , there will be little direct pressure on the prices of the remaining constituents of the index .
however , if the arbitrage portfolios tend to contain roughly the same subset of shares , there will be little direct pressure on the prices of the [staying] constituents of the index .

They argue that the creation of a market in index futures diverts volume that is not primarily based on information about a specific company away from the stock market , and so the remaining trades in shares are more information-based than before .
they argue that the creation of a market in index futures diverts volume that is not primarily based on information about a specific company away from the stock market , and so the [staying] trades in shares are more information-based than before .

The three measures are price volatility , the maturity of the futures contract ( the length of time remaining until delivery of contract ) , and the volume of trading in the futures contract .
the three measures are price volatility , the maturity of the futures contract ( the length of time [staying] until delivery of contract ) , and the volume of trading in the futures contract .

If daily data is available , maturity is the number of calendar days remaining until delivery of the futures contract takes place .
if daily data is available , maturity is the number of calendar days [staying] until delivery of the futures contract takes place .

It would also be possible to use the number of trading days remaining , but this has not been done by researchers .
it would also be possible to use the number of trading days [staying] , but this has not been done by researchers .

The Administration of Justice Act 1982 swept away the remaining ones without putting anything in their place .
the administration of justice act 1982 swept away the [staying] ones without putting anything in their place .

They are able to form a good relationship with their foster parents and they have the advantages of remaining in a normal setting , going to school , making friends and generally participating in the life of the neighbourhood .
they are able to form a good relationship with their foster parents and they have the advantages of [staying] in a normal setting , going to school , making friends and generally participating in the life of the neighbourhood .

Most have out-patient clinics , which enable many patients to be treated while remaining in their own homes .
most have out-patient clinics , which enable many patients to be treated while [staying] in their own homes .

For example , the change in the sex ratio of recent years has resulted in fewer women remaining single , but single women were heavily relied on in certain social fields , as teachers , social workers , nurses and residential staff ; a shortage could have a marked effect on the staffing position in these fields .
for example , the change in the sex ratio of recent years has resulted in fewer women [staying] single , but single women were heavily relied on in certain social fields , as teachers , social workers , nurses and residential staff ; a shortage could have a marked effect on the staffing position in these fields .

In about half of all cases hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is familial , the remaining cases presumably arising from sporadic mutation .
in about half of all cases hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is familial , the [staying] cases presumably arising from sporadic mutation .

Two hundred and eighty four patients were classed as renal patients because the disease causing admission — as recorded on their official case sheet — was renal or related to the urinary tract ; the remaining 1243 were classed as non-renal patients .
two hundred and eighty four patients were classed as renal patients because the disease causing admission — as recorded on their official case sheet — was renal or related to the urinary tract ; the [staying] 1243 were classed as non-renal patients .

Of the remaining three practices , one contributed for all but one of the 12 months ' data collection period , one supplied data for 10 out of 12 months , and one supplied data for eight months only .
of the [staying] three practices , one contributed for all but one of the 12 months ' data collection period , one supplied data for 10 out of 12 months , and one supplied data for eight months only .

The Oxford Regional Health Authority introduced ‘ the 80/20 rule , ’ under which fundholders agreed to contract for 80 % of their hospital services budget in the first year to go to the same hospitals as in the preparatory year , leaving them free to move the remaining 20 % if they so wished .
the oxford regional health authority introduced ‘ the 80/20 rule , ’ under which fundholders agreed to contract for 80 % of their hospital services budget in the first year to go to the same hospitals as in the preparatory year , leaving them free to move the [staying] 20 % if they so wished .

There is little evidence from controlled trials in this age group from which to assess either the value of treatment with antihypertensive drugs or their cumulative risk when taken for a remaining lifetime of 60 years or more .
there is little evidence from controlled trials in this age group from which to assess either the value of treatment with antihypertensive drugs or their cumulative risk when taken for a [staying] lifetime of 60 years or more .

The remaining two terms cover the basic theory of education and teach how to plan an effective educational programme .
the [staying] two terms cover the basic theory of education and teach how to plan an effective educational programme .

The formula sets an amount for maintenance ( based upon income support rates ) , allows the absent parent an amount of money for his personal needs ( again set by income support rates and also including reasonable housing costs ) , and then requires the absent parent to pay half of his remaining income in child support .
the formula sets an amount for maintenance ( based upon income support rates ) , allows the absent parent an amount of money for his personal needs ( again set by income support rates and also including reasonable housing costs ) , and then requires the absent parent to pay half of his [staying] income in child support .

Some lone mothers are therefore likely to take the view that their children can be more securely supported by remaining on income support .
some lone mothers are therefore likely to take the view that their children can be more securely supported by [staying] on income support .

Furthermore , the proportion of older men remaining economically active fell by 50 per cent over the period 1975–88 while the rate for older women was relatively stable ) .
furthermore , the proportion of older men [staying] economically active fell by 50 per cent over the period 1975–88 while the rate for older women was relatively stable ) .

If these three are all to be included , the remaining eight players must al be able to bat well , which means that we are looking for at least three allrounders , including the wicketkeeper .
if these three are all to be included , the [staying] eight players must al be able to bat well , which means that we are looking for at least three allrounders , including the wicketkeeper .

The remaining £4.3 million of contracts will be let during 1994 .
the [staying] £4.3 million of contracts will be let during 1994 .

The remaining four records were of patients who had presented to neurology departments after 1983 .
the [staying] four records were of patients who had presented to neurology departments after 1983 .

The difference remained insignificant when the remaining 33 studies that used the 17 item and 21 item Hamilton score were included by ascribing weighted standard deviations .
the difference remained insignificant when the [staying] 33 studies that used the 17 item and 21 item hamilton score were included by ascribing weighted standard deviations .

To avoid the potential bias from using only 20 trials , we ascribed a standard deviation to the remaining 33 studies which used the 17 or 21 item Hamilton scale .
to avoid the potential bias from using only 20 trials , we ascribed a standard deviation to the [staying] 33 studies which used the 17 or 21 item hamilton scale .

We ascribed weighted average standard deviations to the remaining 33 studies that used the 17 or 21 item Hamilton score as an end point so that the results for all 49 studies could be pooled .
we ascribed weighted average standard deviations to the [staying] 33 studies that used the 17 or 21 item hamilton score as an end point so that the results for all 49 studies could be pooled .

Both cell to cell and cell to matrix receptors are contained within the remaining large family of adhesion molecules , the integrins .
both cell to cell and cell to matrix receptors are contained within the [staying] large family of adhesion molecules , the integrins .

Of the remaining 166 patients , 136 were successfully treated pharmacologically .
of the [staying] 166 patients , 136 were successfully treated pharmacologically .

’ The stories of the remaining 77 make instructive reading .
’ the stories of the [staying] 77 make instructive reading .

In the nine remaining patients documented hypoxaemic episodes were consistent with a primary respiratory abnormality .
in the nine [staying] patients documented hypoxaemic episodes were consistent with a primary respiratory abnormality .

The mother of the remaining patient confessed to abuse and the child was placed in the care of the extended family .
the mother of the [staying] patient confessed to abuse and the child was placed in the care of the extended family .

The 40 remaining patients had proved hypoxaemic events — that is , a fall in skin po 2 and Sao 2 , or both — with no evidence of epilepsy or suffocation and for which the precise mechanism remains undetermined but was probably respiratory in origin .
the 40 [staying] patients had proved hypoxaemic events — that is , a fall in skin po 2 and sao 2 , or both — with no evidence of epilepsy or suffocation and for which the precise mechanism remains undetermined but was probably respiratory in origin .

Of the remaining 40 women who did not currently smoke and who had never smoked at least 10 cigarettes a day , only 12 ( 30 % ) had oncogenic papillomavirus .
of the [staying] 40 women who did not currently smoke and who had never smoked at least 10 cigarettes a day , only 12 ( 30 % ) had oncogenic papillomavirus .

The remaining patients were either unwilling to complete the form ( two ) , had problems with reading because of poor vision or language ( two ) , or died early ( six ) .
the [staying] patients were either unwilling to complete the form ( two ) , had problems with reading because of poor vision or language ( two ) , or died early ( six ) .

Children were then allocated at random to the two remaining groups of adenoidectomy or no surgery in addition to unilateral insertion of ventilation tubes until June 1986 , thus accounting for the reduced numbers at follow up in the later years .
children were then allocated at random to the two [staying] groups of adenoidectomy or no surgery in addition to unilateral insertion of ventilation tubes until june 1986 , thus accounting for the reduced numbers at follow up in the later years .

Of the remaining 20 % of the total transfer people with mental health problems will receive approximately 6 % .
of the [staying] 20 % of the total transfer people with mental health problems will receive approximately 6 % .

In 1934 the Hall Committee made a set of regulations for lending which were stuck in each book on a numbered bookplate ; the highest number remaining is over 800 .
in 1934 the hall committee made a set of regulations for lending which were stuck in each book on a numbered bookplate ; the highest number [staying] is over 800 .

The remaining two fathers ( one case and one control ) accumulated a whole body dose of 1–5 mSv .
the [staying] two fathers ( one case and one control ) accumulated a whole body dose of 1–5 msv .

Of the 29 remaining patients , 16 initially took nifedipine plus diuretic .
of the 29 [staying] patients , 16 initially took nifedipine plus diuretic .

Of these seven patients , six had potential aetiological factors other than use of gangliosides ; protopathic bias was detected in five , and in the remaining one it was doubtful whether the drug could be blamed .
of these seven patients , six had potential aetiological factors other than use of gangliosides ; protopathic bias was detected in five , and in the [staying] one it was doubtful whether the drug could be blamed .

In September 1926 he settled for what appeared to be the only remaining solution : escapism .
in september 1926 he settled for what appeared to be the only [staying] solution : escapism .

The plan to limit entitlement under the green form scheme may result in detained people who would otherwise have secured a discharge remaining on a section .
the plan to limit entitlement under the green form scheme may result in detained people who would otherwise have secured a discharge [staying] on a section .

The Leicestershire data establish a valuable baseline but can not allay the remaining anxiety over the quality of care once the private sector provides most institutional care ( the government 's decree ) .
the leicestershire data establish a valuable baseline but can not allay the [staying] anxiety over the quality of care once the private sector provides most institutional care ( the government 's decree ) .

The remaining 5.5 apparently entail prenatal diagnosis ( by chorionic villus sampling , amniocentesis , or ultrasonography ) followed by selective abortion .
the [staying] 5.5 apparently entail prenatal diagnosis ( by chorionic villus sampling , amniocentesis , or ultrasonography ) followed by selective abortion .

On 7 March 1966 de Gaulle , in his most dramatic action so far , informed President Johnson that France , whilst remaining a signatory of the Atlantic Pact , was quitting the alliance 's military organisation .
on 7 march 1966 de gaulle , in his most dramatic action so far , informed president johnson that france , whilst [staying] a signatory of the atlantic pact , was quitting the alliance 's military organisation .

The masonry shell of the building forms a trap for more wind-blown leaves , dust and seeds , forming a deeper soil , while the weather , insects and plants attack the remaining walls from both sides .
the masonry shell of the building forms a trap for more wind-blown leaves , dust and seeds , forming a deeper soil , while the weather , insects and plants attack the [staying] walls from both sides .

Artefacts are frequently reconstructed before they are put on display , which may involve little more than repair work , such as sticking pieces of pot together and filling any remaining gaps .
artefacts are frequently reconstructed before they are put on display , which may involve little more than repair work , such as sticking pieces of pot together and filling any [staying] gaps .

The success of the venture depends on Hopkin remaining elusive , difficult to trace , for , as the narrator avers , ‘ you can get away with almost anything in the art racket ( for a while ) , if you try .
the success of the venture depends on hopkin [staying] elusive , difficult to trace , for , as the narrator avers , ‘ you can get away with almost anything in the art racket ( for a while ) , if you try .

The general picture in North Shields is one of some closures with considerably reduced employment levels in most remaining plants caused by a combination of poor trading conditions and productivity gains .
the general picture in north shields is one of some closures with considerably reduced employment levels in most [staying] plants caused by a combination of poor trading conditions and productivity gains .

The women were segregated from the male workers in the factory , and the remaining skilled jobs — cutting the cloth and mending the machines — were retained by the men , despite the willingness of some of the women to learn these skills .
the women were segregated from the male workers in the factory , and the [staying] skilled jobs — cutting the cloth and mending the machines — were retained by the men , despite the willingness of some of the women to learn these skills .

Even with the remaining difficulties , arbitration in the county court is certainly as accessible and free from technicality as pursuing an unfair dismissal claim before an industrial tribunal .
even with the [staying] difficulties , arbitration in the county court is certainly as accessible and free from technicality as pursuing an unfair dismissal claim before an industrial tribunal .

The Dickens study reported that 55 per cent of applicants and 67 per cent of respondents were represented , though in the remaining cases the companies ' representatives ' status could not be readily identified ( Dickens et al .
the dickens study reported that 55 per cent of applicants and 67 per cent of respondents were represented , though in the [staying] cases the companies ' representatives ' status could not be readily identified ( dickens et al .

The sole remaining restraint is the requirement that the advertising must not impair the solicitor 's independence and integrity and must not bring the profession into disrepute .
the sole [staying] restraint is the requirement that the advertising must not impair the solicitor 's independence and integrity and must not bring the profession into disrepute .

The abolition of many remaining monopolies and restrictive practices is again on the political agenda .
the abolition of many [staying] monopolies and restrictive practices is again on the political agenda .

The Law Society acts through its Council which is composed of 70 solicitors , 56 of whom are elected by members of the Society with the remaining 14 being elected by the Council itself .
the law society acts through its council which is composed of 70 solicitors , 56 of whom are elected by members of the society with the [staying] 14 being elected by the council itself .

Among the sinecures were chiefly the remaining canonries in cathedrals and colleges .
among the sinecures were chiefly the [staying] canonries in cathedrals and colleges .

Altogether between 1250 and 1435 over sixteen thousand excommunicates were notified to chancery , and of these almost three thousand occur in the decade 1275–84 and another two thousand in the remaining years of the century .
altogether between 1250 and 1435 over sixteen thousand excommunicates were notified to chancery , and of these almost three thousand occur in the decade 1275–84 and another two thousand in the [staying] years of the century .

Referring expressions fulfil a dual purpose of unifying the text ( they depend upon some of the subject matter remaining the same ) and of economy , because they save us from having to repeat the identity of what we are talking about again and again .
referring expressions fulfil a dual purpose of unifying the text ( they depend upon some of the subject matter [staying] the same ) and of economy , because they save us from having to repeat the identity of what we are talking about again and again .

The remaining features of context which Hymes discusses ( in 1964 ) include large-scale features like channel ( how is contact between the participants in the event being maintained — by speech , writing , signing , smoke signals ) , code ( what language , or dialect , or style of language is being used ) , message-form ( what form is intended — chat , debate , sermon , fairy-tale , sonnet , love-letter , etc . )
the [staying] features of context which hymes discusses ( in 1964 ) include large-scale features like channel ( how is contact between the participants in the event being maintained — by speech , writing , signing , smoke signals ) , code ( what language , or dialect , or style of language is being used ) , message-form ( what form is intended — chat , debate , sermon , fairy-tale , sonnet , love-letter , etc . )

He has one of them , the remaining four having been scattered over the planet for security .
he has one of them , the [staying] four having been scattered over the planet for security .

Britta scanned the remaining screens .
britta scanned the [staying] screens .

On one of the remaining seven , the woman jumped from the rope , crouched to fire two bursts of light up the slope , and ran zigzagging into a cleft on the opposite side of the gulley .
on one of the [staying] seven , the woman jumped from the rope , crouched to fire two bursts of light up the slope , and ran zigzagging into a cleft on the opposite side of the gulley .

Visible now only in the panoramic view , the young woman appeared to be throwing something towards the few remaining Counsellors .
visible now only in the panoramic view , the young woman appeared to be throwing something towards the few [staying] counsellors .

The survivors , three ungainly figures in robes whipped by the wind , were grouped on the remaining hover-speeder .
the survivors , three ungainly figures in robes whipped by the wind , were grouped on the [staying] hover-speeder .

The remaining third includes the Bill .
the [staying] third includes the bill .

Monks Wood , the last remaining fragment of the great Ewingswode Forest , is owned and managed by the Nature Conservancy Council .
monks wood , the last [staying] fragment of the great ewingswode forest , is owned and managed by the nature conservancy council .

So we had spent the day enjoying all that magic Minsmere has to offer — avocets and chicks , black-tailed god wits , marsh harriers soaring overhead , a heavy-flying purple heron , little terns … And tonight we were defying the midges on a remaining fragment of the once extensive heathland .
so we had spent the day enjoying all that magic minsmere has to offer — avocets and chicks , black-tailed god wits , marsh harriers soaring overhead , a heavy-flying purple heron , little terns … and tonight we were defying the midges on a [staying] fragment of the once extensive heathland .

The Suffolk and Norfolk Trusts are anxious to protect the remaining precious heath land , of such particular interest to naturalists ; they already own a number of reserves and want to acquire more .
the suffolk and norfolk trusts are anxious to protect the [staying] precious heath land , of such particular interest to naturalists ; they already own a number of reserves and want to acquire more .

The Forest of Dean , set between two rivers , the Wye and the Severn , is one of Britain 's few remaining ancient forests .
the forest of dean , set between two rivers , the wye and the severn , is one of britain 's few [staying] ancient forests .

Our locale was one of the best remaining stands of oak in the Forest .
our locale was one of the best [staying] stands of oak in the forest .

To spend hundreds of thousands of pounds on remaining anonymous is gratuitous folly .
to spend hundreds of thousands of pounds on [staying] anonymous is gratuitous folly .

She stuffed the remaining towels into her satchel .
she stuffed the [staying] towels into her satchel .

She wandered through to the study and whiled away ten minutes putting in the few remaining border pieces .
she wandered through to the study and whiled away ten minutes putting in the few [staying] border pieces .

Could you then have got out of the black hole with the remaining extra stage ?
could you then have got out of the black hole with the [staying] extra stage ?

The remaining issue is how this power should be exercised in the context of a case in which a minor is refusing treatment or , whilst consenting to one form of treatment , is refusing to consent to another .
the [staying] issue is how this power should be exercised in the context of a case in which a minor is refusing treatment or , whilst consenting to one form of treatment , is refusing to consent to another .

The selection of the lead cases was aimed to ensure that the great majority of the very important points of law which are at issue in all cases are authoritatively decided , and it is hoped that , as a result , clear guidance will be given to the large number of remaining cases which are stayed , leading to settlements ( or at least the elimination of some issues common to the lead cases ) and the avoidance of a multiplicity of litigation .
the selection of the lead cases was aimed to ensure that the great majority of the very important points of law which are at issue in all cases are authoritatively decided , and it is hoped that , as a result , clear guidance will be given to the large number of [staying] cases which are stayed , leading to settlements ( or at least the elimination of some issues common to the lead cases ) and the avoidance of a multiplicity of litigation .

The remaining paragraphs , ( d ) to ( h ) , are intended to enable errors to be corrected .
the [staying] paragraphs , ( d ) to ( h ) , are intended to enable errors to be corrected .

It is clearly for the mother in this case to establish to the court that the interests of the children lie in their remaining in England , and that their future can appropriately be determined here so that it would be proper to allow those matters to prevail over the purpose and philosophy of the Convention .
it is clearly for the mother in this case to establish to the court that the interests of the children lie in their [staying] in england , and that their future can appropriately be determined here so that it would be proper to allow those matters to prevail over the purpose and philosophy of the convention .

It is clearly for the mother in this case to establish to the court that the interests of the children lie in their remaining in England , and that their future can appropriately be determined here so that it would be proper to allow those matters to prevail over the purpose and philosophy of the Convention .
it is clearly for the mother in this case to establish to the court that the interests of the children lie in their [staying] in england , and that their future can appropriately be determined here so that it would be proper to allow those matters to prevail over the purpose and philosophy of the convention .

The remaining 42 vessels had always been British .
the [staying] 42 vessels had always been british .

of the remaining property in the vessel ; and ( c ) must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state ; and ( d ) must have as its charterer , manager or operator , a citizen of that member state , resident and domiciled therein , or a qualified company , in circumstances where no exception is made in respect of nationals of other member states , save that the member state has power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in the member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of the member state ?
of the [staying] property in the vessel ; and ( c ) must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state ; and ( d ) must have as its charterer , manager or operator , a citizen of that member state , resident and domiciled therein , or a qualified company , in circumstances where no exception is made in respect of nationals of other member states , save that the member state has power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in the member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of the member state ?

Accordingly , every person received at birth a ‘ domicile of origin ; ’ he might acquire a ‘ domicile of choice ’ in another country only by residing in that country with the intention of remaining there permanently or indefinitely .
accordingly , every person received at birth a ‘ domicile of origin ; ’ he might acquire a ‘ domicile of choice ’ in another country only by residing in that country with the intention of [staying] there permanently or indefinitely .

The remaining 42 vessels have always been registered in the United Kingdom , but were purchased by the companies in question on various dates , mainly since 1983 .
the [staying] 42 vessels have always been registered in the united kingdom , but were purchased by the companies in question on various dates , mainly since 1983 .

of the remaining property in the vessel ; and ( c ) must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state ; and ( d ) must have as its charterer , manager or operator , a citizen of that member state , resident and domiciled therein , or a qualified company , in circumstances where no exception is made in respect of nationals of other member states , save that the member state has power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in the member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of the member state ?
of the [staying] property in the vessel ; and ( c ) must be managed and its operations directed and controlled from within that member state ; and ( d ) must have as its charterer , manager or operator , a citizen of that member state , resident and domiciled therein , or a qualified company , in circumstances where no exception is made in respect of nationals of other member states , save that the member state has power to dispense with the nationality requirement in respect of an individual in view of the length of time such individual has resided in the member state and has been involved in the fishing industry of the member state ?

He now appeals against his conviction on count 1 on a point of law and if successful he further seeks to appeal against his conviction on the remaining five counts on a basis of mixed fact and law , the trial judge having certified the case fit for appeal on that ground .
he now appeals against his conviction on count 1 on a point of law and if successful he further seeks to appeal against his conviction on the [staying] five counts on a basis of mixed fact and law , the trial judge having certified the case fit for appeal on that ground .

Further , the appellant complains that by ruling in the way that he did on the main issue , the assistant recorder effectively left before the jury evidence prejudicial to the appellant which was relevant to counts 1 and 6 only : had he ruled in favour of the appellant on the motion to quash then he would have had to consider the matter and ( by inference ) would have exercised his discretion to discharge the jury and order a new trial on the remaining counts .
further , the appellant complains that by ruling in the way that he did on the main issue , the assistant recorder effectively left before the jury evidence prejudicial to the appellant which was relevant to counts 1 and 6 only : had he ruled in favour of the appellant on the motion to quash then he would have had to consider the matter and ( by inference ) would have exercised his discretion to discharge the jury and order a new trial on the [staying] counts .

‘ Where a defendant in a civil action relies on the doctrine against self-incrimination and insists on remaining silent and on concealing documents and other evidence relevant to the action , he is relying on his own wrongdoing or on his own apparent or possible wrongdoing to hamper the plaintiff in proof of his just claims in the suit .
‘ where a defendant in a civil action relies on the doctrine against self-incrimination and insists on [staying] silent and on concealing documents and other evidence relevant to the action , he is relying on his own wrongdoing or on his own apparent or possible wrongdoing to hamper the plaintiff in proof of his just claims in the suit .

‘ Typically , when lending money to a company , a bank will take as security a charge over all or most of the assets of the company , present and future , the charge being a fixed charge on land and certain other assets , and a floating charge over the remaining assets .
‘ typically , when lending money to a company , a bank will take as security a charge over all or most of the assets of the company , present and future , the charge being a fixed charge on land and certain other assets , and a floating charge over the [staying] assets .

Crime — Practice — Prosecution , discontinuance of — Prosecution witness confirming defence statement — Prosecution offering no further evidence — Judge refusing to allow discontinuance of prosecution — Whether judge entitled to call remaining witnesses
crime — practice — prosecution , discontinuance of — prosecution witness confirming defence statement — prosecution offering no further evidence — judge refusing to allow discontinuance of prosecution — whether judge entitled to call [staying] witnesses

The judge called the remaining witness for the Crown , a police officer who proved the notes of the appellant 's interview .
the judge called the [staying] witness for the crown , a police officer who proved the notes of the appellant 's interview .

On appeal , on the question whether the judge was entitled to refuse to allow the prosecution to discontinue the case at that stage and whether he was entitled to call the remaining witness : —
on appeal , on the question whether the judge was entitled to refuse to allow the prosecution to discontinue the case at that stage and whether he was entitled to call the [staying] witness : —

‘ Is a trial judge entitled to refuse to permit the Crown to discontinue a prosecution after the Crown has called evidence which in his judgment could properly sustain a conviction if the jury believed it and provided he has first ascertained in the absence of the jury that the Crown were not in possession of facts of which the judge is unaware , which would justify discontinuance : and when counsel for the Crown decides to take no further part in the case , to call himself the one remaining prosecution witness whose evidence was merely to produce signed and initialled notes of an interview the police had with the defendant ?
‘ is a trial judge entitled to refuse to permit the crown to discontinue a prosecution after the crown has called evidence which in his judgment could properly sustain a conviction if the jury believed it and provided he has first ascertained in the absence of the jury that the crown were not in possession of facts of which the judge is unaware , which would justify discontinuance : and when counsel for the crown decides to take no further part in the case , to call himself the one [staying] prosecution witness whose evidence was merely to produce signed and initialled notes of an interview the police had with the defendant ?

The judge then decided that the case should not stop and that he would call a police officer who was the remaining witness for the Crown .
the judge then decided that the case should not stop and that he would call a police officer who was the [staying] witness for the crown .

‘ Is a trial judge entitled to refuse to permit the Crown to discontinue a prosecution after the Crown has called evidence which in his judgment could properly sustain a conviction if the jury believed it and before the case for the Crown has been closed , provided he has first ascertained in the absence of the jury that the Crown were not in possession of facts of which the judge is unaware , which would justify discontinuance ; and when counsel for the Crown decides to take no further part in the case , to call himself the one remaining prosecution witness whose evidence was merely to produce signed and initialled notes of an interview the police had with the defendant ?
‘ is a trial judge entitled to refuse to permit the crown to discontinue a prosecution after the crown has called evidence which in his judgment could properly sustain a conviction if the jury believed it and before the case for the crown has been closed , provided he has first ascertained in the absence of the jury that the crown were not in possession of facts of which the judge is unaware , which would justify discontinuance ; and when counsel for the crown decides to take no further part in the case , to call himself the one [staying] prosecution witness whose evidence was merely to produce signed and initialled notes of an interview the police had with the defendant ?

The remaining police officer contributed ‘ only a formal piece of evidence .
the [staying] police officer contributed ‘ only a formal piece of evidence .

If a vacancy on the committee exists , then : ( i ) it need not be filled if the trustee and a majority of the remaining members so agree : ( ii ) the trustee may appoint some other creditor to be a member if the majority of the remaining members so agree ; or ( iii ) a meeting of creditors should be convened so that another creditor can be appointed and fourteen days ' notice of such meetings must be given ( r 6.160 ) .
if a vacancy on the committee exists , then : ( i ) it need not be filled if the trustee and a majority of the [staying] members so agree : ( ii ) the trustee may appoint some other creditor to be a member if the majority of the [staying] members so agree ; or ( iii ) a meeting of creditors should be convened so that another creditor can be appointed and fourteen days ' notice of such meetings must be given ( r 6.160 ) .

If there is a surplus remaining after paying all proved debts ( including interest on them up to the date of the bankruptcy order ) , it must be applied to the payment of interest on all proved debts ( including any interest thereon up to the date of the bankruptcy order ( s 328 ( 4 ) ) .
if there is a surplus [staying] after paying all proved debts ( including interest on them up to the date of the bankruptcy order ) , it must be applied to the payment of interest on all proved debts ( including any interest thereon up to the date of the bankruptcy order ( s 328 ( 4 ) ) .

We have suggested that the lost berths could quite easily be replaced by a mixture of pontoons , remaining pile berths and by very small additions to existing marina complexes .
we have suggested that the lost berths could quite easily be replaced by a mixture of pontoons , [staying] pile berths and by very small additions to existing marina complexes .

Charts of the area are largely unaltered since the mid 19th Century , and can mark dangers which do not exist while remaining silent about those that do .
charts of the area are largely unaltered since the mid 19th century , and can mark dangers which do not exist while [staying] silent about those that do .

The walls and the floors of her newly redecorated palace -rather garish many thought — are bare , The carpets and the pictures have been created and flown to one of her other homes — perhaps to Juan-les-Pins , perhaps top one of her two places in Paris , perhaps to the house of her fabulously rich businessman son on London , or perhaps to his island in the Seychelles , Her other son , a naval officer who will later pass , briefly and tragically , through this story , dined in his mothers palace one night in October 1978 and , pointing to the one picture remaining on the wall , said , `` There 's one they forgot to take .
the walls and the floors of her newly redecorated palace -rather garish many thought — are bare , the carpets and the pictures have been created and flown to one of her other homes — perhaps to juan-les-pins , perhaps top one of her two places in paris , perhaps to the house of her fabulously rich businessman son on london , or perhaps to his island in the seychelles , her other son , a naval officer who will later pass , briefly and tragically , through this story , dined in his mothers palace one night in october 1978 and , pointing to the one picture [staying] on the wall , said , `` there 's one they forgot to take .

But it was a neat chaos of boxes piled on each other , cakes still in the tins they came in and hatboxes , one of which contained the last remaining ball of her long-ago childhood .
but it was a neat chaos of boxes piled on each other , cakes still in the tins they came in and hatboxes , one of which contained the last [staying] ball of her long-ago childhood .

Whip remaining cream , pipe rosettes round the edge .
whip [staying] cream , pipe rosettes round the edge .

Spread sides and top with most of remaining cream .
spread sides and top with most of [staying] cream .

Coat sides with hazelnuts , pipe remaining cream on top , decorate with remaining strawberries and quartered chocolate squares .
coat sides with hazelnuts , pipe [staying] cream on top , decorate with [staying] strawberries and quartered chocolate squares .

Spread white chocolate layer over plain chocolate in tin , then add remaining chocolate layer .
spread white chocolate layer over plain chocolate in tin , then add [staying] chocolate layer .

Break up chocolate flakes , press some around sides and decorate with strawberries and the remaining chocolate flakes .
break up chocolate flakes , press some around sides and decorate with strawberries and the [staying] chocolate flakes .

Grate the remaining white chocolate and sprinkle on top .
grate the [staying] white chocolate and sprinkle on top .

The nearest competitor is Argus with just six per cent , with the remaining 60 per cent-plus accounted for by small , independent retailers .
the nearest competitor is argus with just six per cent , with the [staying] 60 per cent-plus accounted for by small , independent retailers .

Heat remaining oil in pan , add onions , cook for 3 mins , until softened .
heat [staying] oil in pan , add onions , cook for 3 mins , until softened .

Repeat with the remaining dough .
repeat with the [staying] dough .

Cover with remaining dough , pressing dough around filling with fingers to remove air bubbles .
cover with [staying] dough , pressing dough around filling with fingers to remove air bubbles .

Whisk egg whites in clean bowl until stiff , gradually whisk in remaining sugar .
whisk egg whites in clean bowl until stiff , gradually whisk in [staying] sugar .

Arrange on buttered baking sheet and brush with remaining butter .
arrange on buttered baking sheet and brush with [staying] butter .

Cream flour in a little milk , then stir in remaining milk and stock .
cream flour in a little milk , then stir in [staying] milk and stock .

Microwave remaining milk on high for 5 mins .
microwave [staying] milk on high for 5 mins .

They may have lost their apostles , but they have the Spirit of the Lord himself remaining with them to teach and to inspire .
they may have lost their apostles , but they have the spirit of the lord himself [staying] with them to teach and to inspire .

So she went to Madras , in whose pleasant climate she would live out the few remaining weeks of her life .
so she went to madras , in whose pleasant climate she would live out the few [staying] weeks of her life .

Then Joseph and another boy , outrunning the others , had flung themselves on top of the flapping bird and held her down , while the remaining young hunters had torn down bush creepers for rope .
then joseph and another boy , outrunning the others , had flung themselves on top of the flapping bird and held her down , while the [staying] young hunters had torn down bush creepers for rope .

Dalgliesh had recognised , with foreboding , a familiar phenomenon : the desire of a witness , aware of the paucity of her evidence , to make the most of it lest the police be disappointed , while remaining as far as possible within the confines of truth .
dalgliesh had recognised , with foreboding , a familiar phenomenon : the desire of a witness , aware of the paucity of her evidence , to make the most of it lest the police be disappointed , while [staying] as far as possible within the confines of truth .

Time travellers forbidden from remaining in one place for more than a short while , The Shamen are taking pop to places it 's hitherto been excluded from .
time travellers forbidden from [staying] in one place for more than a short while , the shamen are taking pop to places it 's hitherto been excluded from .

The remaining facilities for city bus travellers are virtually nil .
the [staying] facilities for city bus travellers are virtually nil .

The other member of the school staff was the principal teacher of the remedial department who it was felt would play a key role in Tony 's remaining time at school .
the other member of the school staff was the principal teacher of the remedial department who it was felt would play a key role in tony 's [staying] time at school .

The panel accepted the social work argument that if there was a high degree of Social Work input to the family home , and that if Jim could be placed in a new school for his remaining few months of statutory attendance , then this might be the most suitable response .
the panel accepted the social work argument that if there was a high degree of social work input to the family home , and that if jim could be placed in a new school for his [staying] few months of statutory attendance , then this might be the most suitable response .

This may , say Buzzell and Chussil , be because businesses are using portfolio analysis too simplistically and not perceiving the remaining potential of ‘ cash cows ’ and ‘ dogs ’ .
this may , say buzzell and chussil , be because businesses are using portfolio analysis too simplistically and not perceiving the [staying] potential of ‘ cash cows ’ and ‘ dogs ’ .

In Britain in the mid-Seventies , there was a keen debate as to the merits of remaining in the Common Market , and Laura was invited to take part in a government-sponsored television film proclaiming the benefits of the European community .
in britain in the mid-seventies , there was a keen debate as to the merits of [staying] in the common market , and laura was invited to take part in a government-sponsored television film proclaiming the benefits of the european community .

Offered such a vast platform on which to air her philosophy of life , she found she warmed to her theme and lost any remaining traces of shyness .
offered such a vast platform on which to air her philosophy of life , she found she warmed to her theme and lost any [staying] traces of shyness .

Tonight , since she 'd driven up to Mdina to join Roman 's party attending the Mnarja , was the first chance they 'd had to relax , explore any remaining vestiges of their relationship …
tonight , since she 'd driven up to mdina to join roman 's party attending the mnarja , was the first chance they 'd had to relax , explore any [staying] vestiges of their relationship …

‘ Interest from the remaining shares .
‘ interest from the [staying] shares .

Unlike the James Report , which had envisaged the colleges of education remaining as a coherent sector , effectively separate from the universities and the polytechnics , the White Paper proposed that , for the most part , they be merged with the polytechnics and other further education colleges .
unlike the james report , which had envisaged the colleges of education [staying] as a coherent sector , effectively separate from the universities and the polytechnics , the white paper proposed that , for the most part , they be merged with the polytechnics and other further education colleges .

The institutions we have just considered represent , however , fewer than one in four of the further education establishments in the Principality ; indeed , more typical are the remaining 35 colleges which are concerned almost exclusively with non-advanced work .
the institutions we have just considered represent , however , fewer than one in four of the further education establishments in the principality ; indeed , more typical are the [staying] 35 colleges which are concerned almost exclusively with non-advanced work .

Curval had been restless even then — wanting to break out on his own , burdened by the remaining years of his contract .
curval had been restless even then — wanting to break out on his own , burdened by the [staying] years of his contract .

He 'd never become a household name , unlike his famous younger brother , Icarus , but instead , remaining grounded , had prospered .
he 'd never become a household name , unlike his famous younger brother , icarus , but instead , [staying] grounded , had prospered .

To ascertain the amount of fabric in each pleat , divide this remaining fabric by the number of proposed pleats , using the guide above .
to ascertain the amount of fabric in each pleat , divide this [staying] fabric by the number of proposed pleats , using the guide above .

Fabric width 226cm ( 89in ) less pole length 105cm ( 41 ½in ) = 121 cm ( 47 ½in ) of remaining fabric to be divided between 9 spaces ; this makes 13.4cm ( 5 ¼in ) each pleat .
fabric width 226cm ( 89in ) less pole length 105cm ( 41 ½in ) = 121 cm ( 47 ½in ) of [staying] fabric to be divided between 9 spaces ; this makes 13.4cm ( 5 ¼in ) each pleat .

Attach the remaining side of touch-and-close fastener to the front edge of the batten with steel tacks or along the top back edge of batten if fitting outside a reveal .
attach the [staying] side of touch-and-close fastener to the front edge of the batten with steel tacks or along the top back edge of batten if fitting outside a reveal .

The remaining half ( ) of the colonies were non-hygienic — they left cap and larva alone .
the [staying] half ( ) of the colonies were non-hygienic — they left cap and larva alone .

The subject of our remaining four chapters is social behaviour .
the subject of our [staying] four chapters is social behaviour .

Figure 7.4 In each of six groups of pigtail macaques ( Macaca nemestrina ) , when adult males were removed from the group the amount of aggression among the remaining females increased dramatically .
figure 7.4 in each of six groups of pigtail macaques ( macaca nemestrina ) , when adult males were removed from the group the amount of aggression among the [staying] females increased dramatically .

The rest of the period saw both an increase in the popularity and duration of marriage , with life expectancies for both men and women improving and the divorce rate remaining low .
the rest of the period saw both an increase in the popularity and duration of marriage , with life expectancies for both men and women improving and the divorce rate [staying] low .

’ This is most apparent from the judgment of Lord Wilberforce who makes clearer than their remaining Lordships that the case is one about jurisdictional fact .
’ this is most apparent from the judgment of lord wilberforce who makes clearer than their [staying] lordships that the case is one about jurisdictional fact .

The other applications , especially those relating to work carried out in offices will be considered in the remaining paragraphs .
the other applications , especially those relating to work carried out in offices will be considered in the [staying] paragraphs .

The remaining chapters in this Section concentrate mainly on the activities of these Marketing specialists .
the [staying] chapters in this section concentrate mainly on the activities of these marketing specialists .

Measures taken against remaining competition .
measures taken against [staying] competition .

‘ Perhaps he can , ’ said one of the two remaining boys .
‘ perhaps he can , ’ said one of the two [staying] boys .

She downed the remaining beer in her glass in one easy draught .
she downed the [staying] beer in her glass in one easy draught .

Then turned back to those remaining , letting his eyes run coldly over them , finally coming to rest on Morgan 's mudstained suit .
then turned back to those [staying] , letting his eyes run coldly over them , finally coming to rest on morgan 's mudstained suit .

Oceanic plankton currently absorb substantial quantities of carbon dioxide but their destruction would lead to more carbon dioxide remaining in the atmosphere , so worsening the greenhouse effect .
oceanic plankton currently absorb substantial quantities of carbon dioxide but their destruction would lead to more carbon dioxide [staying] in the atmosphere , so worsening the greenhouse effect .

Remaining sulphur dioxide problem locations are found near large industrial sources such as around non-ferrous smelters located outside urban areas in the intermontane region of the western United States and in Arizona .
[staying] sulphur dioxide problem locations are found near large industrial sources such as around non-ferrous smelters located outside urban areas in the intermontane region of the western united states and in arizona .

But he stayed where he was and he continued to regard the Robemaker from over the restricting mask and , presently , the Robemaker said , ‘ Does it not irk you and chafe you to be so confined , Wolfprince ? ’ For the first time , Nuadu caught the briefest hint of discomposure from the necromancer and knew that by remaining calm and apparently indifferent he had succeeded in disconcerting the Robemaker a little .
but he stayed where he was and he continued to regard the robemaker from over the restricting mask and , presently , the robemaker said , ‘ does it not irk you and chafe you to be so confined , wolfprince ? ’ for the first time , nuadu caught the briefest hint of discomposure from the necromancer and knew that by [staying] calm and apparently indifferent he had succeeded in disconcerting the robemaker a little .

’ he said , thrusting skeletal hands forward and Nuadu flinched , for the hands were as ravaged and as eaten as the Robemaker 's face ; the nails hung by shreds , and the remaining skin was matted and crusted .
’ he said , thrusting skeletal hands forward and nuadu flinched , for the hands were as ravaged and as eaten as the robemaker 's face ; the nails hung by shreds , and the [staying] skin was matted and crusted .

So snowy owls may appear in southern Canada , Britain and southern Europe ( see above ) , while their populations remaining at home suffer poor breeding seasons due to overcrowding .
so snowy owls may appear in southern canada , britain and southern europe ( see above ) , while their populations [staying] at home suffer poor breeding seasons due to overcrowding .

Fragments of moss and algae that land on snow surfaces survive well in the moist environment , and may settle through the remaining snow to colonize the ground beneath .
fragments of moss and algae that land on snow surfaces survive well in the moist environment , and may settle through the [staying] snow to colonize the ground beneath .

For example , of 134 species of mosses identified in Peary Land , north Greenland , Holmen ( 1960 ) categorized only one , Ortothecium acuminatum , as endemic to the area , and only 24 ( 18 % ) as having a mainly arctic distribution ; the remaining species are widely distributed in the north temperate zone .
for example , of 134 species of mosses identified in peary land , north greenland , holmen ( 1960 ) categorized only one , ortothecium acuminatum , as endemic to the area , and only 24 ( 18 % ) as having a mainly arctic distribution ; the [staying] species are widely distributed in the north temperate zone .

Bernice dumped the remaining food on the floor with a few sweeps of her hand and kicked it under the rubber skirts of the machine .
bernice dumped the [staying] food on the floor with a few sweeps of her hand and kicked it under the rubber skirts of the machine .

The poll tax or community charge had to meet the remaining quarter .
the poll tax or community charge had to meet the [staying] quarter .

All other central government revenue is paid into the Consolidated Fund — a ‘ common bucket ’ from which remaining expenditure is financed .
all other central government revenue is paid into the consolidated fund — a ‘ common bucket ’ from which [staying] expenditure is financed .

General taxation provided about 77 per cent of the total in 1990–1 ( Cm 1513 , 1991 ) ; about 9 per cent came from a small addition to the weekly national insurance contribution ; and the remaining element came from charges ( 6.5 per cent ) and other receipts like land sales ( 1.7 per cent ) ( Cm 1513 , 1991 ) .
general taxation provided about 77 per cent of the total in 1990–1 ( cm 1513 , 1991 ) ; about 9 per cent came from a small addition to the weekly national insurance contribution ; and the [staying] element came from charges ( 6.5 per cent ) and other receipts like land sales ( 1.7 per cent ) ( cm 1513 , 1991 ) .

The area surrounding Monboddo must have contained an aerodrome at some stage , perhaps during wartime , as evidenced in a few remaining Nissen huts , now filled with old packing cases and pallets , and undistinguished , domestic timber artefacts of all sorts .
the area surrounding monboddo must have contained an aerodrome at some stage , perhaps during wartime , as evidenced in a few [staying] nissen huts , now filled with old packing cases and pallets , and undistinguished , domestic timber artefacts of all sorts .

Old Slains stands even more perilously close to the North Sea cliffs , and in high weather the waves climb and spray the windows of the people who live in the houses under the shadow of Old Slains 's remaining high wall .
old slains stands even more perilously close to the north sea cliffs , and in high weather the waves climb and spray the windows of the people who live in the houses under the shadow of old slains 's [staying] high wall .

Now that the leaders of the conspiracy had been condemned , the remaining uncommitted Khans were falling over themselves to declare their support for Artai , their reservations suppressed .
now that the leaders of the conspiracy had been condemned , the [staying] uncommitted khans were falling over themselves to declare their support for artai , their reservations suppressed .

On this occasion … the police saw their legal-democratic duty quite clearly : in their terms , it was to maintain the rights of all parties to the dispute — those of Grunwick 's boss to continue production with his remaining labour force , of pedestrians and road-users to ‘ perambulate freely ’ , of the pickets to peacefully make their protest , and of the community as a whole to be protected from scenes of public disorder .
on this occasion … the police saw their legal-democratic duty quite clearly : in their terms , it was to maintain the rights of all parties to the dispute — those of grunwick 's boss to continue production with his [staying] labour force , of pedestrians and road-users to ‘ perambulate freely ’ , of the pickets to peacefully make their protest , and of the community as a whole to be protected from scenes of public disorder .

In Ulster , some two-thirds of the population are Protestant ( the Loyalist , or pro-British section of the country ) , while the remaining one-third is Catholic ( Nationalist ) , defining itself as Irish .
in ulster , some two-thirds of the population are protestant ( the loyalist , or pro-british section of the country ) , while the [staying] one-third is catholic ( nationalist ) , defining itself as irish .

The remaining police forces come under the joint supervision of partially elected police authorities , the chief constable and the Home Secretary .
the [staying] police forces come under the joint supervision of partially elected police authorities , the chief constable and the home secretary .

’ He put the remaining teeth back in the box .
’ he put the [staying] teeth back in the box .

He expressed a hope that we might meet again during the remaining two days of his stay and have a longer conversation .
he expressed a hope that we might meet again during the [staying] two days of his stay and have a longer conversation .

By developing these devices in the light of modern technology , Brooke-Rose is able to circumvent the conventions of realism while still remaining within the bounds of what is accepted as novelistic .
by developing these devices in the light of modern technology , brooke-rose is able to circumvent the conventions of realism while still [staying] within the bounds of what is accepted as novelistic .

He guessed she was mulling over what Parkin had told them and garnering any remaining questions .
he guessed she was mulling over what parkin had told them and garnering any [staying] questions .

With a low-start , low-cost with-profits endowment , payments are reduced in the first few years , and the difference has to be made up in the remaining period .
with a low-start , low-cost with-profits endowment , payments are reduced in the first few years , and the difference has to be made up in the [staying] period .

Nightingale Park is in Edmonton and offers a few remaining studios and one-bedroom apartments , priced from £42,000 and £48,000 respectively .
nightingale park is in edmonton and offers a few [staying] studios and one-bedroom apartments , priced from £42,000 and £48,000 respectively .

This brings the up-front price of the last remaining single-bedroom apartment down to £39,960 .
this brings the up-front price of the last [staying] single-bedroom apartment down to £39,960 .

Similar deals are available on the remaining two- and three-bedroom properties , but Lovell is also offering free mortgage protection insurance for the first three years , which will pay up to £1,000 per month if the buyer is made redundant .
similar deals are available on the [staying] two- and three-bedroom properties , but lovell is also offering free mortgage protection insurance for the first three years , which will pay up to £1,000 per month if the buyer is made redundant .

If you want a mortgage over 25 years and the lender 's minimum lease remaining term is 40 years , you can not buy a property with a lease less than 65 years at the outset .
if you want a mortgage over 25 years and the lender 's minimum lease [staying] term is 40 years , you can not buy a property with a lease less than 65 years at the outset .

Min lease remaining term — years
min lease [staying] term — years

Ground Rent £25.00 per annum Maintenance Charge £104.41 per annum Lease 94 years remaining
ground rent £25.00 per annum maintenance charge £104.41 per annum lease 94 years [staying]

The remaining fixture of the harem was the clubhouse , a building used by the eunuch to keep spare clubs and illicit alcohol .
the [staying] fixture of the harem was the clubhouse , a building used by the eunuch to keep spare clubs and illicit alcohol .

It almost certainly suggests that the remaining members of the team have under achieved .
it almost certainly suggests that the [staying] members of the team have under achieved .

Scatter the remaining basil and Parmesan on top .
scatter the [staying] basil and parmesan on top .

Mix the bread into the fried mince , then beat the eggs into the remaining milk .
mix the bread into the fried mince , then beat the eggs into the [staying] milk .

Mix the remaining yogurt with 150ml/¼ point water and pour over the koftas .
mix the [staying] yogurt with 150ml/¼ point water and pour over the koftas .

Fry the aubergine slices in the remaining oil until golden , then drain on kitchen paper .
fry the aubergine slices in the [staying] oil until golden , then drain on kitchen paper .

Arrange a layer of aubergines in an ovenproof dish , cover with half of the mince , another layer of aubergines , the remaining mince and finish with a layer of aubergines .
arrange a layer of aubergines in an ovenproof dish , cover with half of the mince , another layer of aubergines , the [staying] mince and finish with a layer of aubergines .

Then add the sesame paste or peanut butter , remaining soy sauce , chilli oil , remaining salt and chicken stock and simmer for 4 minutes .
then add the sesame paste or peanut butter , [staying] soy sauce , chilli oil , [staying] salt and chicken stock and simmer for 4 minutes .

Add remaining oil , and when it is hot , drop in the rice squares , a few at a time , and deep fry until golden and crispy .
add [staying] oil , and when it is hot , drop in the rice squares , a few at a time , and deep fry until golden and crispy .

Heat a wok over a high heat and add the oil and remaining ingredients .
heat a wok over a high heat and add the oil and [staying] ingredients .

Next , a big metal plate presses the curd against one end of the vat , squeezing out the last of the remaining whey .
next , a big metal plate presses the curd against one end of the vat , squeezing out the last of the [staying] whey .

Melt the remaining butter and brush over the biscuit tops , then bake for about 12–15 minutes until golden brown and the sides spring back when squeezed .
melt the [staying] butter and brush over the biscuit tops , then bake for about 12–15 minutes until golden brown and the sides spring back when squeezed .

Stir in the parsley , then spoon into a serving dish and scatter over the remaining spring onions .
stir in the parsley , then spoon into a serving dish and scatter over the [staying] spring onions .

Place the remaining juice , wine , Cointreau and coriander in a pan .
place the [staying] juice , wine , cointreau and coriander in a pan .

Brush inside aubergine and courgettes with remaining oil .
brush inside aubergine and courgettes with [staying] oil .

Stir in remaining liquid .
stir in [staying] liquid .

Lightly whisk the remaining cream with the curry powder and egg yolks .
lightly whisk the [staying] cream with the curry powder and egg yolks .

Cover with the remaining mixture and chill until set .
cover with the [staying] mixture and chill until set .

Add the remaining lemon juice , yogurt and chives .
add the [staying] lemon juice , yogurt and chives .

Melt the remaining butter in a wide-bottomed pan , add the bamboo shoots , mangetout and seasoning .
melt the [staying] butter in a wide-bottomed pan , add the bamboo shoots , mangetout and seasoning .

Add the remaining icing sugar and beat thoroughly .
add the [staying] icing sugar and beat thoroughly .

Stir one third of the egg white into the raspberries , then fold in the remaining egg white , using a metal spoon .
stir one third of the egg white into the raspberries , then fold in the [staying] egg white , using a metal spoon .

Heat the remaining dressing .
heat the [staying] dressing .

the remaining flesh from one half of the melon .
the [staying] flesh from one half of the melon .

Add the remaining orange segments to the other fruit in the processor .
add the [staying] orange segments to the other fruit in the processor .

Spoon the remaining cheese mixture over the bread , sprinkle with the extra cheese and bake for 5–10 minutes until the loaf is hot through and the cheese has melted .
spoon the [staying] cheese mixture over the bread , sprinkle with the extra cheese and bake for 5–10 minutes until the loaf is hot through and the cheese has melted .

Allow to reduce by one third and then remove from the heat and slowly add the remaining butter .
allow to reduce by one third and then remove from the heat and slowly add the [staying] butter .

Add the orange rind , orange juice , lemon juice , honey , parsley and the remaining olive oil .
add the orange rind , orange juice , lemon juice , honey , parsley and the [staying] olive oil .

Schools threatened with closure or with the loss of their sixth forms are among the most likely to seriously consider opting out , and the Grammar School Association expects about one-third of the remaining 150 grammar schools to opt out .
schools threatened with closure or with the loss of their sixth forms are among the most likely to seriously consider opting out , and the grammar school association expects about one-third of the [staying] 150 grammar schools to opt out .

Among the distinctive features of the colleges are their highly selective nature and their specialisation , with about 50 per cent of the timetable devoted to maths , science and technology and the remaining 50 per cent of the time occupied by subjects found in the usual school curriculum , including art , music and drama .
among the distinctive features of the colleges are their highly selective nature and their specialisation , with about 50 per cent of the timetable devoted to maths , science and technology and the [staying] 50 per cent of the time occupied by subjects found in the usual school curriculum , including art , music and drama .

From April 1990 local authorities were allowed to spend 25 per cent of the proceeds as and when they choose , but the remaining 75 per cent must go towards paying off council debts .
from april 1990 local authorities were allowed to spend 25 per cent of the proceeds as and when they choose , but the [staying] 75 per cent must go towards paying off council debts .

The interweaving of statutory , voluntary and informal care may be a way forward , but there is no alternative to social services departments remaining the main providers .
the interweaving of statutory , voluntary and informal care may be a way forward , but there is no alternative to social services departments [staying] the main providers .

The sale of the remaining rented houses to private or housing association landlords has been less successful .
the sale of the [staying] rented houses to private or housing association landlords has been less successful .

Local authorities have been forced to sell the best of their housing stock into owner occupation , and to agree to the transfer of houses remaining in the rented sector to alternative landlords .
local authorities have been forced to sell the best of their housing stock into owner occupation , and to agree to the transfer of houses [staying] in the rented sector to alternative landlords .

Warm the remaining milk and stir into the melted chocolate .
warm the [staying] milk and stir into the melted chocolate .

Cover with remaining Swiss roll and chill until set .
cover with [staying] swiss roll and chill until set .

But the remaining five are now well underway .
but the [staying] five are now well underway .

Spring snow , as you might imagine , occurs late in the season when the offpiste is covered with a fall of snow too heavy to ski as powder , which remaining untracked , freezes into a firm — but not rock solid ( because it has not been compressed by skiers ) — cover .
spring snow , as you might imagine , occurs late in the season when the offpiste is covered with a fall of snow too heavy to ski as powder , which [staying] untracked , freezes into a firm — but not rock solid ( because it has not been compressed by skiers ) — cover .

The most famous of these , and the only one remaining today is the Cutty Sark , which is now moored in a dry dock at Greenwich in London .
the most famous of these , and the only one [staying] today is the cutty sark , which is now moored in a dry dock at greenwich in london .

Even though it has been able to obtain relief for £16 billion-worth of foreign debt as a result of its participation in the multinational force , it still has £35 billion of remaining debt to contend with and an annual revenue shortfall of around £7 caused by the conflict .
even though it has been able to obtain relief for £16 billion-worth of foreign debt as a result of its participation in the multinational force , it still has £35 billion of [staying] debt to contend with and an annual revenue shortfall of around £7 caused by the conflict .

Benefit can not be claimed to assist with paying the remaining 20 % .
benefit can not be claimed to assist with paying the [staying] 20 % .

The mother 's job is even more exacting ; while remaining true to herself and her needs , she must at first embrace her baby in the closest hold , and then let her move away in steps of her own .
the mother 's job is even more exacting ; while [staying] true to herself and her needs , she must at first embrace her baby in the closest hold , and then let her move away in steps of her own .

Add remaining sauce and whizz until smooth .
add [staying] sauce and whizz until smooth .

Certain individuals may have overstepped the mark and still seem to imagine that you are either too insecure or emotionally confused to retaliate , but you will achieve a great deal more by remaining aloof this month , especially around the 4th and 15th when the Sun is challenged by Neptune and Saturn .
certain individuals may have overstepped the mark and still seem to imagine that you are either too insecure or emotionally confused to retaliate , but you will achieve a great deal more by [staying] aloof this month , especially around the 4th and 15th when the sun is challenged by neptune and saturn .

Beat in two of the egg yolks and repeat with the remaining flour and yolks .
beat in two of the egg yolks and repeat with the [staying] flour and yolks .

In 1983 , the Conservatives lost their last remaining seats in Glasgow and Liverpool , and Labour 's loss of all but three seats in the South ( other than in London ) left it in control of large contiguous areas only at the core of individual conurbations , and in the former coal field areas of Strathclyde , the north east of England , South Yorkshire and South Wales .
in 1983 , the conservatives lost their last [staying] seats in glasgow and liverpool , and labour 's loss of all but three seats in the south ( other than in london ) left it in control of large contiguous areas only at the core of individual conurbations , and in the former coal field areas of strathclyde , the north east of england , south yorkshire and south wales .

The remaining questions are all still open .
the [staying] questions are all still open .

Cotterell made an attempt to push the remaining files back into a stable heap .
cotterell made an attempt to push the [staying] files back into a stable heap .

The success of ‘ Darwinism ’ shows that the majority of biologists recognized this point , and the only significant area of debate remaining centred on the problem of heredity .
the success of ‘ darwinism ’ shows that the majority of biologists recognized this point , and the only significant area of debate [staying] centred on the problem of heredity .

‘ Yes , ’ he said , the smile remaining on his lips .
‘ yes , ’ he said , the smile [staying] on his lips .

The policemen on the cordon had lifted the barrier-pole to let the small convoy of police cars and vans past , ignoring with more than a little impatience the fusillade of questions thrown at them by the remaining newspeople .
the policemen on the cordon had lifted the barrier-pole to let the small convoy of police cars and vans past , ignoring with more than a little impatience the fusillade of questions thrown at them by the [staying] newspeople .

Anxious to get news of this latest development back to their own offices and realising that there was unlikely to be any more to be gleaned from this unpleasant vigil , the remaining newspeople departed as the small convoy of police traffic vanished into the maw of the blizzard .
anxious to get news of this latest development back to their own offices and realising that there was unlikely to be any more to be gleaned from this unpleasant vigil , the [staying] newspeople departed as the small convoy of police traffic vanished into the maw of the blizzard .

He raised the Browning automatic as if he was at target practice , levelled the sight at the thing 's one remaining monstrous yellow eye — and pulled the trigger .
he raised the browning automatic as if he was at target practice , levelled the sight at the thing 's one [staying] monstrous yellow eye — and pulled the trigger .

And when the only remaining one within this living real-nightmare-dream who felt real to her was threatened , she had to act .
and when the only [staying] one within this living real-nightmare-dream who felt real to her was threatened , she had to act .

‘ We shall telephone again twenty-four hours from now with instructions for the delivery of the remaining papers . If there is any further trickery , your daughter will be killed Do you understand ? ’
‘ we shall telephone again twenty-four hours from now with instructions for the delivery of the [staying] papers . if there is any further trickery , your daughter will be killed do you understand ? ’

The answer was close now and the minutes remaining before it was revealed to her were harder to bear than the days and weeks that had gone before .
the answer was close now and the minutes [staying] before it was revealed to her were harder to bear than the days and weeks that had gone before .

Dulé 's canoe had not foundered in the first rounds of gunfire , but kept skimming on towards the Rebecca , with the remaining boats still around him , offering cover .
dulé 's canoe had not foundered in the first rounds of gunfire , but kept skimming on towards the rebecca , with the [staying] boats still around him , offering cover .

These great events took place in the year of Our Lord 1620 , and after that time , though there were disturbances from some of the remaining natives , there was no more profound danger , and the colony could begin to nourish as it does today .
these great events took place in the year of our lord 1620 , and after that time , though there were disturbances from some of the [staying] natives , there was no more profound danger , and the colony could begin to nourish as it does today .

Even in the remaining cases , the equipment is intended for use by experienced , single operators for specific purposes and with safety provisions designed for these conditions , including loading restrictions .
even in the [staying] cases , the equipment is intended for use by experienced , single operators for specific purposes and with safety provisions designed for these conditions , including loading restrictions .

The remaining space in the window is taken up with the currently selected command sequence .
the [staying] space in the window is taken up with the currently selected command sequence .

Setting aside the details of which desktop publishing package you use , the hardware that you run it on and the output device that produces the final pages there is one common element remaining ; fonts .
setting aside the details of which desktop publishing package you use , the hardware that you run it on and the output device that produces the final pages there is one common element [staying] ; fonts .

Cropping allows the remaining parts of the image to be enlarged to fill the space .
cropping allows the [staying] parts of the image to be enlarged to fill the space .

The remaining half of the pages are then printed on the other side of the sheet .
the [staying] half of the pages are then printed on the other side of the sheet .

The remaining pair of pads , mounted at the bottom of the tube , are used as fire buttons .
the [staying] pair of pads , mounted at the bottom of the tube , are used as fire buttons .

There are two remaining options .
there are two [staying] options .

non-manual , consisting of most of the remaining non-manual jobs , eg. foremen , shop assistants , clerical workers ; and
non-manual , consisting of most of the [staying] non-manual jobs , eg. foremen , shop assistants , clerical workers ; and

Of these , the first three ( rules , programmes and procedures ; hierarchical referral ; goal-setting ) are very basic and can be found in practically any organisation but they are likely to be insufficient for non-routine activities , so organisations must also choose some combination of the remaining four options .
of these , the first three ( rules , programmes and procedures ; hierarchical referral ; goal-setting ) are very basic and can be found in practically any organisation but they are likely to be insufficient for non-routine activities , so organisations must also choose some combination of the [staying] four options .

Two of them ( slack resources and the creation of self-contained tasks ) work by reducing the need for information- processing while the remaining two ( investment in vertical systems ; creation of lateral relations ) aim to increase the organisation 's capacity for handling information .
two of them ( slack resources and the creation of self-contained tasks ) work by reducing the need for information- processing while the [staying] two ( investment in vertical systems ; creation of lateral relations ) aim to increase the organisation 's capacity for handling information .

With only the fire 's glow and the light from the lamp on the table remaining , he stretched out on the sofa , the tumbler between his hands bobbing gently on his domed belly .
with only the fire 's glow and the light from the lamp on the table [staying] , he stretched out on the sofa , the tumbler between his hands bobbing gently on his domed belly .

More seriously , the relative situation of those remaining in work will be worsened and not only will this reverse the trend of improving the quality of life but it will lower the ability of the mass of taxpayers to support the anticipated needs of the elderly and sick .
more seriously , the relative situation of those [staying] in work will be worsened and not only will this reverse the trend of improving the quality of life but it will lower the ability of the mass of taxpayers to support the anticipated needs of the elderly and sick .

Wallich undoubtedly felt that this recognition was too little and too late , remaining bitter and resentful to his death , 31 March 1899 , which took place in London .
wallich undoubtedly felt that this recognition was too little and too late , [staying] bitter and resentful to his death , 31 march 1899 , which took place in london .

Jaggard then issued the remaining plays with false dates .
jaggard then issued the [staying] plays with false dates .

Soon after the early death of his father in 1829 , Israel appears to have become a clerk in an uncle 's bank in Göttingen , remaining there for ten years .
soon after the early death of his father in 1829 , israel appears to have become a clerk in an uncle 's bank in göttingen , [staying] there for ten years .

By degrees Baxendale acquired the remaining interests of the Pickford family and of his two other partners , so that by 1847 ownership of the business was entirely in the hands of himself and his three elder sons , who had become partners in 1843 .
by degrees baxendale acquired the [staying] interests of the pickford family and of his two other partners , so that by 1847 ownership of the business was entirely in the hands of himself and his three elder sons , who had become partners in 1843 .

The following year his whole family was carried off by the plague , while in 1666 most of his remaining property was destroyed by the fire .
the following year his whole family was carried off by the plague , while in 1666 most of his [staying] property was destroyed by the fire .

This grant , however , never came to fruition , Berkhamsted , after Geoffrey 's death , remaining in the hands of the king .
this grant , however , never came to fruition , berkhamsted , after geoffrey 's death , [staying] in the hands of the king .

Never particularly happy together , they now agreed to separate , Ernest emigrating to Canada in 1900 ( he died in 1921 ) and Ada remaining in London .
never particularly happy together , they now agreed to separate , ernest emigrating to canada in 1900 ( he died in 1921 ) and ada [staying] in london .

The only remaining visible signs of Banks 's life are a set of almshouses in Maidstone , built in accordance with his will , and a massive baroque tomb in Aylesford church .
the only [staying] visible signs of banks 's life are a set of almshouses in maidstone , built in accordance with his will , and a massive baroque tomb in aylesford church .

The success of his three operas for Italy , Artaserse ( 1760 ) , Catone in Utica ( 1761 ) , and Alessandro nell ' Indie ( 1762 ) , prompted an invitation to compose two works for the King 's Theatre , London , and in 1762 Bach travelled to London , where he spent the remaining twenty years of his life as the dominant musical figure in the city , thereby earning the sobriquet ‘ the London Bach ’ .
the success of his three operas for italy , artaserse ( 1760 ) , catone in utica ( 1761 ) , and alessandro nell ' indie ( 1762 ) , prompted an invitation to compose two works for the king 's theatre , london , and in 1762 bach travelled to london , where he spent the [staying] twenty years of his life as the dominant musical figure in the city , thereby earning the sobriquet ‘ the london bach ’ .

After the Restoration he bought the manor of Watton in Norfolk , remaining its owner until his death .
after the restoration he bought the manor of watton in norfolk , [staying] its owner until his death .

The fact of his eldest son 's having been knighted within a month of Noell 's death from the plague ( on 29 September 1665 at his home in the parish of St Olave Jewry , London ) suggests continuing royal favour , although his executors did not escape unwelcome attention from royal revenue officials , notably in connection with allegations of his having profited improperly from the gains of privateering — England and Spain remaining technically at war until some little time after the Restoration .
the fact of his eldest son 's having been knighted within a month of noell 's death from the plague ( on 29 september 1665 at his home in the parish of st olave jewry , london ) suggests continuing royal favour , although his executors did not escape unwelcome attention from royal revenue officials , notably in connection with allegations of his having profited improperly from the gains of privateering — england and spain [staying] technically at war until some little time after the restoration .

Newly married and impecunious , Freeman entered the Colonial Service as assistant colonial surgeon in Accra on the Gold Coast , where he landed in June 1887 , remaining for four years .
newly married and impecunious , freeman entered the colonial service as assistant colonial surgeon in accra on the gold coast , where he landed in june 1887 , [staying] for four years .

He was a founder member of the Society of Chemical Industry ( 1881 ) , and became its foreign secretary in 1910 , remaining so for a number of years , and president in 1911–12 and 1914 .
he was a founder member of the society of chemical industry ( 1881 ) , and became its foreign secretary in 1910 , [staying] so for a number of years , and president in 1911–12 and 1914 .

His monastery was strongly affected by the evangelical movement in Seville in the 1550s , when he was converted to Protestantism , thereafter remaining a convinced Calvinist .
his monastery was strongly affected by the evangelical movement in seville in the 1550s , when he was converted to protestantism , thereafter [staying] a convinced calvinist .

His version of mortalism distinguished between the soul , remaining with the body till the Last Judgement , and the spirit , which God quickened only in the elect and which returned straight to heaven .
his version of mortalism distinguished between the soul , [staying] with the body till the last judgement , and the spirit , which god quickened only in the elect and which returned straight to heaven .

Remaining unmarried all her life , May Sinclair lived with her mother in Ilford , Cheltenham , Fairford , Wrexham , Salcombe Regis , and London , where Amelia Sinclair died in 1901 .
[staying] unmarried all her life , may sinclair lived with her mother in ilford , cheltenham , fairford , wrexham , salcombe regis , and london , where amelia sinclair died in 1901 .

Following an illness , and dismayed at the prospect of remaining a home-bound spinster , she began , when already nearly forty , to travel rough in the then hardly visited Balkans , and she described her experiences in a series of vivid and forthright books .
following an illness , and dismayed at the prospect of [staying] a home-bound spinster , she began , when already nearly forty , to travel rough in the then hardly visited balkans , and she described her experiences in a series of vivid and forthright books .

She lived out her life unmarried in Buckeburg in Hanover , first with her remaining sister , who died within the year , and then alone .
she lived out her life unmarried in buckeburg in hanover , first with her [staying] sister , who died within the year , and then alone .

Remaining in the army , in 1907 Maitland took up ballooning .
[staying] in the army , in 1907 maitland took up ballooning .

The sons of Mayall 's first marriage were all initiated into the firm at an early age ; a son-in-law ( a doctor ) acquired a mill as a dowry ; and a remaining daughter married a Nonconformist minister .
the sons of mayall 's first marriage were all initiated into the firm at an early age ; a son-in-law ( a doctor ) acquired a mill as a dowry ; and a [staying] daughter married a nonconformist minister .

After Sedgwick 's death in 1873 , Hughes succeeded him as Woodwardian professor at Cambridge , remaining in the post until his death .
after sedgwick 's death in 1873 , hughes succeeded him as woodwardian professor at cambridge , [staying] in the post until his death .

Five years later , when the remaining bonds were transferred to the regular Exchequer rolls for collection , they amounted to £15,000 in face value , owed by more than 430 debtors .
five years later , when the [staying] bonds were transferred to the regular exchequer rolls for collection , they amounted to £15,000 in face value , owed by more than 430 debtors .

In 1877 he joined the laboratories of Brooke , Simpson , & Spiller at the Atlas works , Hackney Wick , manufacturers of coal-tar colours , remaining there until 1885 .
in 1877 he joined the laboratories of brooke , simpson , & spiller at the atlas works , hackney wick , manufacturers of coal-tar colours , [staying] there until 1885 .

In 1909 Twort was appointed superintendent of the Brown Animal Sanatory Institution in London , remaining there until its destruction by bombing in 1944 .
in 1909 twort was appointed superintendent of the brown animal sanatory institution in london , [staying] there until its destruction by bombing in 1944 .

He devoted his remaining years to Kentish affairs : he was an active local magistrate ; he promoted a loyal address to the king from the inhabitants of Walmer in December 1820 ; and in 1826 he was one of the main subscribers to the enlargement of Walmer church .
he devoted his [staying] years to kentish affairs : he was an active local magistrate ; he promoted a loyal address to the king from the inhabitants of walmer in december 1820 ; and in 1826 he was one of the main subscribers to the enlargement of walmer church .

But he may not have been released from the Tower until 1217 , when his remaining bonds were returned to him and he and the rest of the Jews of Norwich were given letters of royal protection .
but he may not have been released from the tower until 1217 , when his [staying] bonds were returned to him and he and the rest of the jews of norwich were given letters of royal protection .

In 1892 he went to work in the Great Western Railway works in Swindon , principally as a hammer-man , remaining there until 1914 .
in 1892 he went to work in the great western railway works in swindon , principally as a hammer-man , [staying] there until 1914 .

Though remaining attached to French Protestantism — he attended the French church in London — his contribution to Anglican social thought was important .
though [staying] attached to french protestantism — he attended the french church in london — his contribution to anglican social thought was important .

From a restored base at Barings , where he exercised autocratic leadership and took almost 50 per cent of the distributed profits ( amassing thereby a considerable personal fortune ) , Revelstoke exercised great influence in the City and Whitehall , though always remaining in the background of public affairs .
from a restored base at barings , where he exercised autocratic leadership and took almost 50 per cent of the distributed profits ( amassing thereby a considerable personal fortune ) , revelstoke exercised great influence in the city and whitehall , though always [staying] in the background of public affairs .

The Lords and Commons both ordered the book to be burned by the public hangman and all remaining copies to be seized .
the lords and commons both ordered the book to be burned by the public hangman and all [staying] copies to be seized .

On his induction as incumbent of Burgess Hill , Sussex , in 1905 Hunt resigned his remaining London appointments .
on his induction as incumbent of burgess hill , sussex , in 1905 hunt resigned his [staying] london appointments .

His earlier association with Vane ( who had actually tried to resist being replaced by his own deputy ) did not prevent Hutchinson from remaining in office under the Cromwellian Protectorate .
his earlier association with vane ( who had actually tried to resist being replaced by his own deputy ) did not prevent hutchinson from [staying] in office under the cromwellian protectorate .

By May 1797 , when the paper was finally suppressed , they were its sole remaining proprietors .
by may 1797 , when the paper was finally suppressed , they were its sole [staying] proprietors .

She figures in a list of Catholic non-jurors in 1715 ; and , remaining a fervent Jacobite , she conducted a political correspondence from London in 1718 with the exiled James Butler , second Duke of Ormonde [ q.v . ]
she figures in a list of catholic non-jurors in 1715 ; and , [staying] a fervent jacobite , she conducted a political correspondence from london in 1718 with the exiled james butler , second duke of ormonde [ q.v . ]

In 1912 the leadership of the expedition 's remnant at Cape Evans devolved upon Atkinson , the sole remaining officer .
in 1912 the leadership of the expedition 's remnant at cape evans devolved upon atkinson , the sole [staying] officer .

From 1254 onwards , while remaining close to Simon , Peter 's career also developed independently .
from 1254 onwards , while [staying] close to simon , peter 's career also developed independently .

Finally the economic and technological changes of the last decade , with mass unemployment , the growth of widespread poverty and the attacks on the remaining aspects of the welfare state have made such problems even worse .
finally the economic and technological changes of the last decade , with mass unemployment , the growth of widespread poverty and the attacks on the [staying] aspects of the welfare state have made such problems even worse .

Section 119 provides that a company if so authorised by its articles may : ( a ) make arrangements on an issue of shares for a difference between shareholders in the amounts or times of payments of calls ; ( b ) accept the whole or part of the amount remaining unpaid although it has not been called up ; or ( c ) pay a dividend in proportion to the amount paid up on each share where a larger amount is paid up on some shares than on others .
section 119 provides that a company if so authorised by its articles may : ( a ) make arrangements on an issue of shares for a difference between shareholders in the amounts or times of payments of calls ; ( b ) accept the whole or part of the amount [staying] unpaid although it has not been called up ; or ( c ) pay a dividend in proportion to the amount paid up on each share where a larger amount is paid up on some shares than on others .

or when it proposes to distribute to its members its one remaining asset .
or when it proposes to distribute to its members its one [staying] asset .

In the remaining sections of this chapter we will concentrate on two of these components : the visual word-recognition system and the auditory word-recognition system .
in the [staying] sections of this chapter we will concentrate on two of these components : the visual word-recognition system and the auditory word-recognition system .

In a second condition it was an unlikely completion of the sentence , while remaining both syntactically and semantically consistent with the context .
in a second condition it was an unlikely completion of the sentence , while [staying] both syntactically and semantically consistent with the context .

In addition , there was a strong tendency for the remaining pauses to occur in the first half of a clause rather than the second half .
in addition , there was a strong tendency for the [staying] pauses to occur in the first half of a clause rather than the second half .

This pattern can be described economically in terms of Garrett 's model if we propose that , of the two processes applied to the message-level representation in order to create the functional-level representation , one has been completely disabled , with the other remaining almost intact .
this pattern can be described economically in terms of garrett 's model if we propose that , of the two processes applied to the message-level representation in order to create the functional-level representation , one has been completely disabled , with the other [staying] almost intact .

The remaining antecedents all emerged in North America but for slightly different reasons .
the [staying] antecedents all emerged in north america but for slightly different reasons .

… those aspects of the atmospheric sciences , which , to my mind , geographers with a knowledge of physics and mathematics are especially well equipped to study , namely the particular conditions of the planetary boundary layer … In draining the marsh , clearing the wood , cultivating the fields , and flooding the valleys , man has inadvertently changed the thermal , hydrological and roughness parameters of the earth 's surface and the chemical composition of the air … There are indeed very few ‘ natural ’ boundary layer climates remaining …
… those aspects of the atmospheric sciences , which , to my mind , geographers with a knowledge of physics and mathematics are especially well equipped to study , namely the particular conditions of the planetary boundary layer … in draining the marsh , clearing the wood , cultivating the fields , and flooding the valleys , man has inadvertently changed the thermal , hydrological and roughness parameters of the earth 's surface and the chemical composition of the air … there are indeed very few ‘ natural ’ boundary layer climates [staying] …

Considerable interest is now centred upon these problems and it is appropriate that physical geographers should be very aware of the work being undertaken and the work remaining .
considerable interest is now centred upon these problems and it is appropriate that physical geographers should be very aware of the work being undertaken and the work [staying] .

With two of Athene 's editorial staff off sick , a heavier load was falling on the shoulders of those remaining .
with two of athene 's editorial staff off sick , a heavier load was falling on the shoulders of those [staying] .

The unlikelihood of base level having fallen rapidly between terraces and remaining absolutely constant while terraces were being cut .
the unlikelihood of base level having fallen rapidly between terraces and [staying] absolutely constant while terraces were being cut .

The remaining notes ( 10 and 12 ) are introduced in the following bar .
the [staying] notes ( 10 and 12 ) are introduced in the following bar .

So far , we have mostly considered the use of fourth chords in situations where only one vertical chord is built of perfect fourths superimposed , each note remaining in the same register .
so far , we have mostly considered the use of fourth chords in situations where only one vertical chord is built of perfect fourths superimposed , each note [staying] in the same register .

However , the remaining intervals have very different qualities : Dissonances based on the major 2nd and its inversions ( minor 7th and major 9th ) are milder than the harsh effect of the semitone and its inversions ( major 7th and minor 9th ) .
however , the [staying] intervals have very different qualities : dissonances based on the major 2nd and its inversions ( minor 7th and major 9th ) are milder than the harsh effect of the semitone and its inversions ( major 7th and minor 9th ) .

Any balance remaining from the contribution is returned .
any balance [staying] from the contribution is returned .

With just over two months still to go before the opening of the fair , 517 of the 540 stands available have been sold , and the remaining 23 are expected to be taken up shortly .
with just over two months still to go before the opening of the fair , 517 of the 540 stands available have been sold , and the [staying] 23 are expected to be taken up shortly .

The remaining unbooked stands are spread across the general book floors .
the [staying] unbooked stands are spread across the general book floors .

The remaining highlands bear fewer craters and this could largely be the result of partial burial by ejecta from basin-forming impacts , because these regions border such basins or the subsequent maria .
the [staying] highlands bear fewer craters and this could largely be the result of partial burial by ejecta from basin-forming impacts , because these regions border such basins or the subsequent maria .

In 1913 , for not dissimilar reasons , Liebermann and the remaining majority left the Secession , though substantial figures such as Corinth stayed in the organization .
in 1913 , for not dissimilar reasons , liebermann and the [staying] majority left the secession , though substantial figures such as corinth stayed in the organization .

‘ This Order establishes , under section 21 of the Oil and Gas ( Enterprise ) Act 1982 , a safety zone , having a radius of 500 metres from a specified point , around the installation specified in the Schedule to this Order and maintained in waters to which the section applies … Vessels ( which for this purpose include hovercraft , submersible apparatus and installations in transit ) are prohibited from entering or remaining in the safety zone except with the consent of the Secretary of State or in the circumstances mentioned in Article 2(2) of the Order . ’
‘ this order establishes , under section 21 of the oil and gas ( enterprise ) act 1982 , a safety zone , having a radius of 500 metres from a specified point , around the installation specified in the schedule to this order and maintained in waters to which the section applies … vessels ( which for this purpose include hovercraft , submersible apparatus and installations in transit ) are prohibited from entering or [staying] in the safety zone except with the consent of the secretary of state or in the circumstances mentioned in article 2(2) of the order . ’

The remaining four divisions treat rules of construction , principles , presumptions and canons but , as the author admits , the boundaries between them are far from clear .
the [staying] four divisions treat rules of construction , principles , presumptions and canons but , as the author admits , the boundaries between them are far from clear .

Citing an additional reason for the change of tack , he went on to suggest that ‘ laying the blame at the door of Libya will lift a burden from the shoulders of diplomats working to reconvene the Middle East peace conference and to release the last remaining British hostage in Lebanon , Mr Terry Waite .
citing an additional reason for the change of tack , he went on to suggest that ‘ laying the blame at the door of libya will lift a burden from the shoulders of diplomats working to reconvene the middle east peace conference and to release the last [staying] british hostage in lebanon , mr terry waite .

In the remaining three , which did involve rape or assault with intent to commit rape , the jury was directed that ‘ Both the charges require an intent … to commit the act by force against her [ the victim 's ] will .
in the [staying] three , which did involve rape or assault with intent to commit rape , the jury was directed that ‘ both the charges require an intent … to commit the act by force against her [ the victim 's ] will .

( d ) Mens Rea and the Three Remaining Elements of Rape
( d ) mens rea and the three [staying] elements of rape

The Sexual Offences ( Amendment ) Act 1976 , s. 1 ( 1 ) , indicates the mens rea for one of the four constituent elements of the actus reus of rape , namely , lack of consent , but the Act is silent as to the mens rea for the remaining components of the offence .
the sexual offences ( amendment ) act 1976 , s. 1 ( 1 ) , indicates the mens rea for one of the four constituent elements of the actus reus of rape , namely , lack of consent , but the act is silent as to the mens rea for the [staying] components of the offence .

’ It is noteworthy that , of the remaining 58 charged with rape or attempted rape , only 35 were convicted of these offences .
’ it is noteworthy that , of the [staying] 58 charged with rape or attempted rape , only 35 were convicted of these offences .

Somebody shot the undertaker while he sat indoors in his shirt sleeves , stripped him of his remaining clothing and pushed him in the sea at the sewage outfall at or near high water . Was that the truth ?
somebody shot the undertaker while he sat indoors in his shirt sleeves , stripped him of his [staying] clothing and pushed him in the sea at the sewage outfall at or near high water . was that the truth ?

The remaining three sections will be constructed at a later date to link between the eastern end of the Colinton Section and the Musselburgh Bypass .
the [staying] three sections will be constructed at a later date to link between the eastern end of the colinton section and the musselburgh bypass .

He has been a member of the Chief Executive 's Management Group since those early days and is the only remaining director from the team which put the Council together in 1974 .
he has been a member of the chief executive 's management group since those early days and is the only [staying] director from the team which put the council together in 1974 .

If you have savings of £5,000 , we would ignore the first £3000 and work out the additional payment on the remaining £2000 at £1 for every £250 which would give an additional weekly payment of £8 .
if you have savings of £5,000 , we would ignore the first £3000 and work out the additional payment on the [staying] £2000 at £1 for every £250 which would give an additional weekly payment of £8 .

Variations in pension cost , which are identified as a result of actuarial valuations , are amortised over the average expected remaining working lives of employees .
variations in pension cost , which are identified as a result of actuarial valuations , are amortised over the average expected [staying] working lives of employees .

Production assets are depleted by field on a unit of production method , in the proportion of actual production for the year to the total estimated remaining commercial reserves of the field on an entitlement basis .
production assets are depleted by field on a unit of production method , in the proportion of actual production for the year to the total estimated [staying] commercial reserves of the field on an entitlement basis .

The remaining commercial reserves figure is that estimated at the end of the year plus the production during the year .
the [staying] commercial reserves figure is that estimated at the end of the year plus the production during the year .

Leaving Mexico with some remaining doubts about Trotsky 's analysis , he entered , and very soon broke with , the orthodox movement of Trotskyists in America .
leaving mexico with some [staying] doubts about trotsky 's analysis , he entered , and very soon broke with , the orthodox movement of trotskyists in america .

No regular services had been held in it for many years , although it had been used for funerals and the occasional service , remaining open for visitors and pilgrims to Cell-y-bedd and the shrine .
no regular services had been held in it for many years , although it had been used for funerals and the occasional service , [staying] open for visitors and pilgrims to cell-y-bedd and the shrine .

Conservationists are trying to prevent the lone remaining bird from being trapped , whilst the last Spix 's macaw has paired up with a blue-winged macaw , a different bird altogether .
conservationists are trying to prevent the lone [staying] bird from being trapped , whilst the last spix 's macaw has paired up with a blue-winged macaw , a different bird altogether .

These include : The few remaining brown bears in the forests of the French Pyrenees , whose habitat is being destroyed by road and dam projects , the Spanish Imperial eagle , great bustard and lynx which are threatened by dams and irrigation schemes on the Duero and Tajo Rivers , and the rare Dalmatian pelican , put at risk by Greek fish-farming projects .
these include : the few [staying] brown bears in the forests of the french pyrenees , whose habitat is being destroyed by road and dam projects , the spanish imperial eagle , great bustard and lynx which are threatened by dams and irrigation schemes on the duero and tajo rivers , and the rare dalmatian pelican , put at risk by greek fish-farming projects .

Larger marine creatures certain to suffer include porpoises and sea snakes , the bottlenose and humpback dolphin , the green and hawksbill turtles , which lay their eggs on tiny Gulf islands , and , most worryingly , the dugong , or sea cow , a relatively rare marine mammal , whose colonies in the Gulf are among the few remaining in the world .
larger marine creatures certain to suffer include porpoises and sea snakes , the bottlenose and humpback dolphin , the green and hawksbill turtles , which lay their eggs on tiny gulf islands , and , most worryingly , the dugong , or sea cow , a relatively rare marine mammal , whose colonies in the gulf are among the few [staying] in the world .

Sea dumping was put forward as one of the few remaining ways to halt further pollution of land and air from landfills and incineration .
sea dumping was put forward as one of the few [staying] ways to halt further pollution of land and air from landfills and incineration .

It has been seen that many of the current schemes entail a break at 16+ This raises questions about the remaining 11–16 schools .
it has been seen that many of the current schemes entail a break at 16+ this raises questions about the [staying] 11–16 schools .

They were satisfied , however , with little variety of raw material : take away the chalk , limestone , shale , sandstone and terracotta tesserae from most sites , and there is very little remaining .
they were satisfied , however , with little variety of raw material : take away the chalk , limestone , shale , sandstone and terracotta tesserae from most sites , and there is very little [staying] .

The pavement has fine busts of seasons in all three of its remaining corner panels .
the pavement has fine busts of seasons in all three of its [staying] corner panels .

Canford Heath , on the outskirts of Poole , is one of the last remaining fragments of dry heathland habitat in Britain .
canford heath , on the outskirts of poole , is one of the last [staying] fragments of dry heathland habitat in britain .

About 50 of the animals survive in their last remaining wild refuge in the Ujung Kulon area .
about 50 of the animals survive in their last [staying] wild refuge in the ujung kulon area .

An oil rig tender also succeeded , after initial problems , in towing the tanker further out to sea to calmer waters , where the remaining oil was transferred to another tanker .
an oil rig tender also succeeded , after initial problems , in towing the tanker further out to sea to calmer waters , where the [staying] oil was transferred to another tanker .

The protocol would have banned mining and mineral prospecting for 50 years , remaining in force afterwards unless overruled by a majority of the 26 treaty nations .
the protocol would have banned mining and mineral prospecting for 50 years , [staying] in force afterwards unless overruled by a majority of the 26 treaty nations .

Preservation incentives , in the form of increased payments , may also be made available to the remaining four ESAs .
preservation incentives , in the form of increased payments , may also be made available to the [staying] four esas .

The four remaining countries where rhino product trading still continues are China , Taiwan , Thailand , South Korea and Thailand .
the four [staying] countries where rhino product trading still continues are china , taiwan , thailand , south korea and thailand .

The fifth anniversary of the accident at Chernobyl nuclear power station , in the Soviet Ukraine , was marked by continuing controversy over its causes and the safety of the remaining Soviet nuclear capacity .
the fifth anniversary of the accident at chernobyl nuclear power station , in the soviet ukraine , was marked by continuing controversy over its causes and the safety of the [staying] soviet nuclear capacity .

As well as containing many fine ancient redwood trees , the Headwaters Forest is also one of the three remaining nesting sites in the state of the marbled murrelet , a sea bird whose main colony , in Alaska , was devastated by the Exxon Valdez oil spill .
as well as containing many fine ancient redwood trees , the headwaters forest is also one of the three [staying] nesting sites in the state of the marbled murrelet , a sea bird whose main colony , in alaska , was devastated by the exxon valdez oil spill .

The remaining properties at Nelson Square could be sold , perhaps as student accommodation , after the move to rebuilt premises on the Pickwick site .
the [staying] properties at nelson square could be sold , perhaps as student accommodation , after the move to rebuilt premises on the pickwick site .

The nerves may continue to grow , remaining active and sensitive to touch and temperature change , as in the case of human amputees .
the nerves may continue to grow , [staying] active and sensitive to touch and temperature change , as in the case of human amputees .

The new site is only a short distance away and is just as likely to damage the Shiraho reef , the most diverse remaining ecosystem in Japan .
the new site is only a short distance away and is just as likely to damage the shiraho reef , the most diverse [staying] ecosystem in japan .

Two of Britain 's remaining areas of lowland heath , and a coastal marsh used by thousands of migratory birds , have been found to be polluted by contaminated water leaking from neighbouring household rubbish dumps .
two of britain 's [staying] areas of lowland heath , and a coastal marsh used by thousands of migratory birds , have been found to be polluted by contaminated water leaking from neighbouring household rubbish dumps .

Whales are now used almost exclusively for meat , and much of the remaining market is in Japan .
whales are now used almost exclusively for meat , and much of the [staying] market is in japan .

Remaining populations in Lamma and Lantau are far from secure as their habitats have no legal protection and are also being threatened by rapid development .
[staying] populations in lamma and lantau are far from secure as their habitats have no legal protection and are also being threatened by rapid development .

Now , however , very few survive and the Deskford head is the finest remaining example .
now , however , very few survive and the deskford head is the finest [staying] example .

Speaking at the World Conservation Union meeting in Perth , Australia , the organisation claimed that without protection , 5,000 of the remaining 50,000 orang-utans will continue to be lost each year .
speaking at the world conservation union meeting in perth , australia , the organisation claimed that without protection , 5,000 of the [staying] 50,000 orang-utans will continue to be lost each year .

100 sub-species have already disappeared from the two rivers and the Shoshone-Bannock native American tribe , the National Marine Fisheries Service and conservation groups have petitioned to have the remaining species listed .
100 sub-species have already disappeared from the two rivers and the shoshone-bannock native american tribe , the national marine fisheries service and conservation groups have petitioned to have the [staying] species listed .

Almost all the coral which once surrounded Japan 's southern islands has been destroyed by pollution caused by soil erosion , and rising sea temperatures threaten to kill the world 's remaining blue coral .
almost all the coral which once surrounded japan 's southern islands has been destroyed by pollution caused by soil erosion , and rising sea temperatures threaten to kill the world 's [staying] blue coral .

Logging in the area was banned four months ago over concern for unique bird , plant and primate species in the remaining five per cent of the original forest .
logging in the area was banned four months ago over concern for unique bird , plant and primate species in the [staying] five per cent of the original forest .

The two ( realistic ) perspectives remaining are positions based respectively in either the author-oriented judgement or in the reader-oriented judgement of the communicative situation ( but not both simultaneously ) .
the two ( realistic ) perspectives [staying] are positions based respectively in either the author-oriented judgement or in the reader-oriented judgement of the communicative situation ( but not both simultaneously ) .

The landlord should be responsible for ensuring that the works are carried out in accordance with the building documents and if there are any variations , it must either have them corrected or obtain the tenant 's consent to their remaining .
the landlord should be responsible for ensuring that the works are carried out in accordance with the building documents and if there are any variations , it must either have them corrected or obtain the tenant 's consent to their [staying] .

If the landlord insists on the provision remaining then he should be prepared to pay compensation to the tenant for loss of business if the opening up reveals nothing untoward .
if the landlord insists on the provision [staying] then he should be prepared to pay compensation to the tenant for loss of business if the opening up reveals nothing untoward .

Most of the routine questions will already have been asked , of course , in the buyer 's practical enquiries ; the remaining ones will be those suggested to your buyer by the title itself .
most of the routine questions will already have been asked , of course , in the buyer 's practical enquiries ; the [staying] ones will be those suggested to your buyer by the title itself .

The defendant had placed himself in a position where his duty and interest conflicted even though both the employee and client appear to have had no intention of remaining with the plaintiff .
the defendant had placed himself in a position where his duty and interest conflicted even though both the employee and client appear to have had no intention of [staying] with the plaintiff .

If moving area , clients , though seemingly supportive , can often find that travel and lack of personal contact prove substantial disincentives to remaining with the solicitor .
if moving area , clients , though seemingly supportive , can often find that travel and lack of personal contact prove substantial disincentives to [staying] with the solicitor .

Interest will be charged on all bills remaining unpaid 30 days after you received them .
interest will be charged on all bills [staying] unpaid 30 days after you received them .

Section 5 of the 1952 Defamation Act provides that the defence of justification shall not founder by failure to prove every charge , `` if the words not proved to be true do not materially injure the plaintiff 's reputation , having regard to the truth of the remaining charges `` .
section 5 of the 1952 defamation act provides that the defence of justification shall not founder by failure to prove every charge , `` if the words not proved to be true do not materially injure the plaintiff 's reputation , having regard to the truth of the [staying] charges `` .

The larva is then able to take up water from the environment and enlarges to rupture the remaining layers and escape .
the larva is then able to take up water from the environment and enlarges to rupture the [staying] layers and escape .

It may be seen as a ruse by the parasite to avoid adverse climatic conditions for its progeny by remaining sexually immature in the host until more favourable conditions return .
it may be seen as a ruse by the parasite to avoid adverse climatic conditions for its progeny by [staying] sexually immature in the host until more favourable conditions return .

‘ Did you — ? ’ He broke off as if doubtful about betraying the remaining shreds of uncertainty .
‘ did you — ? ’ he broke off as if doubtful about betraying the [staying] shreds of uncertainty .

Which turned out to be towards a taxi , one of the few remaining on the dockside now that most of the passengers had gone ashore .
which turned out to be towards a taxi , one of the few [staying] on the dockside now that most of the passengers had gone ashore .

For a brief moment , as she battled with the last remaining shreds of her resistance , Lindsey could feel the thud of his heartbeat , then excitement exploded , heady and intoxicating , as her hands relaxed against the warmth of his chest .
for a brief moment , as she battled with the last [staying] shreds of her resistance , lindsey could feel the thud of his heartbeat , then excitement exploded , heady and intoxicating , as her hands relaxed against the warmth of his chest .

Even here the Communists had little success , their activity remaining on the third level of faction fighting and street corner abuse of the rest of the labour movement .
even here the communists had little success , their activity [staying] on the third level of faction fighting and street corner abuse of the rest of the labour movement .

Then , in 1811 , he cruelly disposed of the remaining senior mamluks , massacring them after entertaining them to a feast in the citadel .
then , in 1811 , he cruelly disposed of the [staying] senior mamluks , massacring them after entertaining them to a feast in the citadel .

If there is only one adult resident , a discount of 25 per cent can be claimed ( s79 ) ; it is important therefore that if husband and wife cease to live together each of them should notify the local authority that separation has taken place so as to end joint liability and for the remaining resident spouse to claim the discount ( if applicable ) .
if there is only one adult resident , a discount of 25 per cent can be claimed ( s79 ) ; it is important therefore that if husband and wife cease to live together each of them should notify the local authority that separation has taken place so as to end joint liability and for the [staying] resident spouse to claim the discount ( if applicable ) .

If however , the mortgagee is prepared to rely on the wife 's covenant , the husband can be released from liability by the mortgagee , with the wife alone remaining liable .
if however , the mortgagee is prepared to rely on the wife 's covenant , the husband can be released from liability by the mortgagee , with the wife alone [staying] liable .

There was such quiet authority in his deep voice that she nodded , instinctively obeying the command , remaining stiff and unfeeling as she watched him go back inside .
there was such quiet authority in his deep voice that she nodded , instinctively obeying the command , [staying] stiff and unfeeling as she watched him go back inside .

The remaining distilleries are widely scattered in many rural communities .
the [staying] distilleries are widely scattered in many rural communities .

Scotland 's last remaining independent whisky firm , Invergordon , has lost it 's battle for survival .
scotland 's last [staying] independent whisky firm , invergordon , has lost it 's battle for survival .

The Environment Committee , however , saw these circulars as being ‘ complementary and interdependent ’ : ‘ the one , the Green Belt circular , attempts to reinforce presumptions against development in certain areas , The other , the Land for Housing circular , attempts to encourage development in remaining areas other than national parks , areas of outstanding natural beauty … ’ Thus the circle is squared !
the environment committee , however , saw these circulars as being ‘ complementary and interdependent ’ : ‘ the one , the green belt circular , attempts to reinforce presumptions against development in certain areas , the other , the land for housing circular , attempts to encourage development in [staying] areas other than national parks , areas of outstanding natural beauty … ’ thus the circle is squared !

He also said that he was settled in Leeds and intimated that he would see out the remaining 2 years of his contract .
he also said that he was settled in leeds and intimated that he would see out the [staying] 2 years of his contract .

That was the best way of controlling Gesner for the two remaining acts — through the orchestra .
that was the best way of controlling gesner for the two [staying] acts — through the orchestra .

Loss of mother , through separation or death , was a second vulnerability factor : 47 per cent of women who had lost their mother against 17 per cent of remaining women developed depression following a provoking factor during the year under study .
loss of mother , through separation or death , was a second vulnerability factor : 47 per cent of women who had lost their mother against 17 per cent of [staying] women developed depression following a provoking factor during the year under study .

Ninety-three per cent of the discordant family subgroup had a child ( often as a teenager ) compared to 51 per cent of those remaining in the institution , and 30 per cent of those going to harmonious families .
ninety-three per cent of the discordant family subgroup had a child ( often as a teenager ) compared to 51 per cent of those [staying] in the institution , and 30 per cent of those going to harmonious families .

Adherence to the maintenance drugs regime will nearly always be helpful to people treated for schizophrenia in the process of rehabilitation , but is likely to be especially important for those remaining in living circumstances that are far from ideal .
adherence to the maintenance drugs regime will nearly always be helpful to people treated for schizophrenia in the process of rehabilitation , but is likely to be especially important for those [staying] in living circumstances that are far from ideal .

Hetherington ( 1979 ) found that if marital separation led to a cessation of hostilities and conflict , this seemed somewhat less damaging for children than remaining in a discordant , unhappy , but intact home .
hetherington ( 1979 ) found that if marital separation led to a cessation of hostilities and conflict , this seemed somewhat less damaging for children than [staying] in a discordant , unhappy , but intact home .

Furthermore , a longitudinal study which charted the progress of children in discordant homes , also reported by Rutter , documented the marked reduction in psychiatric risk which followed a substantial improvement in the home environment , when compared to the progress of children remaining in unhappy , quarrelsome homes .
furthermore , a longitudinal study which charted the progress of children in discordant homes , also reported by rutter , documented the marked reduction in psychiatric risk which followed a substantial improvement in the home environment , when compared to the progress of children [staying] in unhappy , quarrelsome homes .

We stop the car below the Blackwall Basin , in front of one of the few remaining terraces .
we stop the car below the blackwall basin , in front of one of the few [staying] terraces .

The input of energy to compensate for the dissipation must be provided by the only remaining term , .
the input of energy to compensate for the dissipation must be provided by the only [staying] term , .

21.16 , shows that over the region where the production is high the other important term is the dissipation ; the remaining terms in eqn ( 19.22 ) are much less significant ( apart from some rather complicated transfer processes very close the wall ) .
21.16 , shows that over the region where the production is high the other important term is the dissipation ; the [staying] terms in eqn ( 19.22 ) are much less significant ( apart from some rather complicated transfer processes very close the wall ) .

The remaining techniques have not given rise to general-purpose instruments but have proved useful in particular experiments .
the [staying] techniques have not given rise to general-purpose instruments but have proved useful in particular experiments .

Wed 1–0 up with seconds remaining .
wed 1–0 up with seconds [staying] .

The remaining 90 per cent will then be in advances to customers .
the [staying] 90 per cent will then be in advances to customers .

The remaining £90 billion ( 90 per cent ) are lent to customers .
the [staying] £90 billion ( 90 per cent ) are lent to customers .

The remaining £9 billion they can lend to customers .
the [staying] £9 billion they can lend to customers .

£0.9 billion ) must be kept back in the Bank of England , but the remaining 90 per cent ( i.e .
£0.9 billion ) must be kept back in the bank of england , but the [staying] 90 per cent ( i.e .

When this is deposited back in banks , again 10 per cent must be retained and the remaining 90 per cent can be lent out .
when this is deposited back in banks , again 10 per cent must be retained and the [staying] 90 per cent can be lent out .

If stagflation becomes a problem , then demand management policies ( both fiscal and monetary ) should be used to eliminate demand-deficient unemployment , with back-up ‘ supply-side ’ policies being used to cure the remaining unemployment .
if stagflation becomes a problem , then demand management policies ( both fiscal and monetary ) should be used to eliminate demand-deficient unemployment , with back-up ‘ supply-side ’ policies being used to cure the [staying] unemployment .

Add all the remaining ingredients ( the fruit and nuts ) to the bowl , and stir well until mixed evenly .
add all the [staying] ingredients ( the fruit and nuts ) to the bowl , and stir well until mixed evenly .

As the mixture becomes too stiff to stir , turn it out onto a surface dusted with cornflour or icing sugar and knead in the remaining icing sugar .
as the mixture becomes too stiff to stir , turn it out onto a surface dusted with cornflour or icing sugar and knead in the [staying] icing sugar .

Spread the remaining icing round the sides and , using a spatula or icing smoother , scrape flat and even .
spread the [staying] icing round the sides and , using a spatula or icing smoother , scrape flat and even .

Keep half the remaining fondant in reserve ( tightly wrapped ) for the frog .
keep half the [staying] fondant in reserve ( tightly wrapped ) for the frog .

Colour all but an egg-shaped piece of the remaining fondant green .
colour all but an egg-shaped piece of the [staying] fondant green .

Cover the other side of the drum in the same way , using the remaining blue fondant .
cover the other side of the drum in the same way , using the [staying] blue fondant .

Use the trimmings of red icing to cover the flat underside of the remaining small cake , the ‘ spaceship ’ .
use the trimmings of red icing to cover the flat underside of the [staying] small cake , the ‘ spaceship ’ .

Roll out a little of the remaining white fondant and use to cover the top and sides of the spaceship .
roll out a little of the [staying] white fondant and use to cover the top and sides of the spaceship .

Brush all over with the remaining apricot glaze .
brush all over with the [staying] apricot glaze .

Meanwhile , colour the remaining gelatine icing pink , and roll out to about 5mm ( ¼inch ) thickness .
meanwhile , colour the [staying] gelatine icing pink , and roll out to about 5mm ( ¼inch ) thickness .

Spread the remaining royal icing all over the cake drum .
spread the [staying] royal icing all over the cake drum .

Cover the rest of the cake with the remaining buttercream .
cover the rest of the cake with the [staying] buttercream .

Colour nearly half the remaining fondant ( about 350g/12oz ) red and roll out .
colour nearly half the [staying] fondant ( about 350g/12oz ) red and roll out .

Colour a quarter of the remaining fondant ( about 75g/3oz ) grey with a tiny amount of black food colouring and roll out to a 35cm ( 14inch ) square .
colour a quarter of the [staying] fondant ( about 75g/3oz ) grey with a tiny amount of black food colouring and roll out to a 35cm ( 14inch ) square .

Use the remaining fondant icing to mould the children and the bus drivers .
use the [staying] fondant icing to mould the children and the bus drivers .

Use any remaining fondant and royal icing to make pavements and grass for the sides of the ‘ road ’ .
use any [staying] fondant and royal icing to make pavements and grass for the sides of the ‘ road ’ .

Reserve about 225g ( 8oz ) of the remaining icing for the sweets , keeping tightly wrapped .
reserve about 225g ( 8oz ) of the [staying] icing for the sweets , keeping tightly wrapped .

Roll out a little of the remaining icing to a 7·5x15cm ( 3x6inch ) rectangle and use to cover the top surface of the cake .
roll out a little of the [staying] icing to a 7·5x15cm ( 3x6inch ) rectangle and use to cover the top surface of the cake .

Use the green and remaining white icing to shape more sweets in the same way .
use the green and [staying] white icing to shape more sweets in the same way .

Using the remaining royal icing and a small star tube , pipe little rosettes around the top of the body to form a heart-shaped neckline .
using the [staying] royal icing and a small star tube , pipe little rosettes around the top of the body to form a heart-shaped neckline .

Sandwich all the different parts of the large and small whales together with buttercream , and then spread all the remaining buttercream over the entire surfaces of the whales .
sandwich all the different parts of the large and small whales together with buttercream , and then spread all the [staying] buttercream over the entire surfaces of the whales .

Reserve a quarter of the remaining fondant icing ( keep tightly wrapped ) and colour the remainder pale brown .
reserve a quarter of the [staying] fondant icing ( keep tightly wrapped ) and colour the remainder pale brown .

Take some of the remaining white fondant , roll to a ball and flatten to a 5cm ( 2inch ) round .
take some of the [staying] white fondant , roll to a ball and flatten to a 5cm ( 2inch ) round .

From the remaining fondant and trimmings , shape several carrots and pieces of lettuce .
from the [staying] fondant and trimmings , shape several carrots and pieces of lettuce .

Take about half the remaining red fondant ( 100g/4oz ) and roll it to a very thick strip , about 1cm ( ½inch ) deep and wide .
take about half the [staying] red fondant ( 100g/4oz ) and roll it to a very thick strip , about 1cm ( ½inch ) deep and wide .

Roll out the remaining red fondant to a circle a little larger than the cake and use to cover the top of the postbox , overlapping the fondant ‘ collar ’ slightly all the way round .
roll out the [staying] red fondant to a circle a little larger than the cake and use to cover the top of the postbox , overlapping the fondant ‘ collar ’ slightly all the way round .

Keep back some of the remaining white fondant ( about 75g/3oz ) and colour the rest with black food colouring .
keep back some of the [staying] white fondant ( about 75g/3oz ) and colour the rest with black food colouring .

Roll out the remaining white fondant and cut out a little rectangle for the collection-time sign .
roll out the [staying] white fondant and cut out a little rectangle for the collection-time sign .

Colour the remaining royal icing green ( keeping a little back for the flowers if liked ) and cover the drum around the postbox , peaking with a palette knife for a grass effect .
colour the [staying] royal icing green ( keeping a little back for the flowers if liked ) and cover the drum around the postbox , peaking with a palette knife for a grass effect .

Brush the entire surfaces of all the cakes with the remaining marmalade .
brush the entire surfaces of all the cakes with the [staying] marmalade .

Divide the remaining icing in half , and colour one piece red and one blue .
divide the [staying] icing in half , and colour one piece red and one blue .

Roll out the same amount of blue fondant to a similarly sized area and use to cover the remaining half of the body in the same way .
roll out the same amount of blue fondant to a similarly sized area and use to cover the [staying] half of the body in the same way .

Shape the remaining white icing into hands and feet .
shape the [staying] white icing into hands and feet .

Roll out the remaining yellow icing into two curved strips , about 2·5x12·5cm ( 1x5inches ) , trim the edges and secure around the neck for a collar .
roll out the [staying] yellow icing into two curved strips , about 2·5x12·5cm ( 1x5inches ) , trim the edges and secure around the neck for a collar .

Use the remaining icing to complete the facial features and to add pockets and a bow tie .
use the [staying] icing to complete the facial features and to add pockets and a bow tie .

Roll out the remaining red fondant to a 14·2x29cm ( 5x11⅖inch ) rectangle .
roll out the [staying] red fondant to a 14·2x29cm ( 5x11⅖inch ) rectangle .

Roll out the remaining blue fondant to a large circle about 27·5cm ( 11inches ) and use to cover one cake drum , securing with a little royal icing .
roll out the [staying] blue fondant to a large circle about 27·5cm ( 11inches ) and use to cover one cake drum , securing with a little royal icing .

Brush the remaining glaze over the rest of the cake and place on the cake drum .
brush the [staying] glaze over the rest of the cake and place on the cake drum .

Colour the remaining fondant with green food colouring and roll out to a triangle , about 32·5cm ( 13inches ) on the long side and 25cm ( 10inches ) on the short .
colour the [staying] fondant with green food colouring and roll out to a triangle , about 32·5cm ( 13inches ) on the long side and 25cm ( 10inches ) on the short .

Place the remaining royal icing in the piping bag and fit with a small star nozzle .
place the [staying] royal icing in the piping bag and fit with a small star nozzle .

Roll out all the remaining blue fondant to a 25cm ( 10inch ) circle and use to cover the cake , easing to fit and smoothing the icing around the sides of the cake with hands dusted with icing sugar or cornflour .
roll out all the [staying] blue fondant to a 25cm ( 10inch ) circle and use to cover the cake , easing to fit and smoothing the icing around the sides of the cake with hands dusted with icing sugar or cornflour .

Use the remaining white icing to shape the eyes and mouth , and position on the octopus ' face .
use the [staying] white icing to shape the eyes and mouth , and position on the octopus ' face .

Sandwich the different parts of the boat together with buttercream and then spread the remaining buttercream over the entire cake .
sandwich the different parts of the boat together with buttercream and then spread the [staying] buttercream over the entire cake .

Colour pieces of the remaining fondant icing ( and using any trimmings ) to make the sailor — fleshy pink , blue and a little white .
colour pieces of the [staying] fondant icing ( and using any trimmings ) to make the sailor — fleshy pink , blue and a little white .

Keeping a little white icing back for the wave crests , tint the remaining royal icing shades of different blues and greens for the sea .
keeping a little white icing back for the wave crests , tint the [staying] royal icing shades of different blues and greens for the sea .

Pipe the remaining white icing over the sea to make little crests on the waves .
pipe the [staying] white icing over the sea to make little crests on the waves .

( The remaining part of the ‘ strip ’ is not used . )
( the [staying] part of the ‘ strip ’ is not used . )

Use the remaining fondant to shape the bucket , spade , toy boat , ghetto blaster and bottle of sun lotion .
use the [staying] fondant to shape the bucket , spade , toy boat , ghetto blaster and bottle of sun lotion .

At the same time , and keeping a tiny amount of white fondant in reserve for the dice , divide the remaining fondant into four even portions ( about 50g/2oz each ) .
at the same time , and keeping a tiny amount of white fondant in reserve for the dice , divide the [staying] fondant into four even portions ( about 50g/2oz each ) .

Colour the remaining royal icing black , and place in a bag with a fine writing nozzle .
colour the [staying] royal icing black , and place in a bag with a fine writing nozzle .

Colour the remaining fondant with tiny amount of black food colouring to give a dirty grey shade .
colour the [staying] fondant with tiny amount of black food colouring to give a dirty grey shade .

Using half the remaining marzipan ( 225g/8oz ) , model a long tail and attach it to the back of the body , smoothing over the join with your fingers .
using half the [staying] marzipan ( 225g/8oz ) , model a long tail and attach it to the back of the body , smoothing over the join with your fingers .

Use the remaining marzipan to model a head with a long neck .
use the [staying] marzipan to model a head with a long neck .

Colour the remaining fondant icing three different shades of green .
colour the [staying] fondant icing three different shades of green .

Colour half the remaining fondant icing ( about 175g/6oz ) blue .
colour half the [staying] fondant icing ( about 175g/6oz ) blue .

Colour the remaining fondant in different shades of brown .
colour the [staying] fondant in different shades of brown .

Meanwhile , divide the remaining royal icing into eight and colour each one in different colours of your choice to form the paint blocks .
meanwhile , divide the [staying] royal icing into eight and colour each one in different colours of your choice to form the paint blocks .

Slice another wide round in two horizontally and place one half on top of the two remaining wide rounds to form the third tower .
slice another wide round in two horizontally and place one half on top of the two [staying] wide rounds to form the third tower .

Then , cut one thin round in two horizontally and place one half on top of the three remaining thin rounds to form the fourth and last tower ( see illustration ) .
then , cut one thin round in two horizontally and place one half on top of the three [staying] thin rounds to form the fourth and last tower ( see illustration ) .

Roll out the remaining marzipan to wrap around each tower .
roll out the [staying] marzipan to wrap around each tower .

Divide the remaining fondant into four piles .
divide the [staying] fondant into four piles .

Colour the remaining fondant in different shades of blue , and , with a tiny round cutter or bottle cap , cut out lots of circles .
colour the [staying] fondant in different shades of blue , and , with a tiny round cutter or bottle cap , cut out lots of circles .

Colour the remaining royal icing green and pipe leaves on to the briar .
colour the [staying] royal icing green and pipe leaves on to the briar .

Brush the whole cake with apricot glaze , then roll out the remaining marzipan to a large circle to cover .
brush the whole cake with apricot glaze , then roll out the [staying] marzipan to a large circle to cover .

Colour three-quarters of the remaining fondant ( about 350g/12oz ) red and roll out to a circle as before .
colour three-quarters of the [staying] fondant ( about 350g/12oz ) red and roll out to a circle as before .

Spread over with more buttercream , add the remaining cake , then cover the top and sides of the entire cake area with the remaining buttercream .
spread over with more buttercream , add the [staying] cake , then cover the top and sides of the entire cake area with the [staying] buttercream .

Roll out the remaining pink marzipan to a long strip .
roll out the [staying] pink marzipan to a long strip .

Colour half the remaining fondant yellow ( keep unused fondant tightly wrapped to prevent drying ) , with a little brown added if required to give the appropriate wall shade .
colour half the [staying] fondant yellow ( keep unused fondant tightly wrapped to prevent drying ) , with a little brown added if required to give the appropriate wall shade .

Colour three-quarters of the remaining fondant , about 300g ( 10oz ) , with black or dark brown food colouring .
colour three-quarters of the [staying] fondant , about 300g ( 10oz ) , with black or dark brown food colouring .

Roll out the remaining black/brown icing to the same dimensions on non-stick paper , trim to shape and slice into evenly-shaped squares with a knife for the tiles .
roll out the [staying] black/brown icing to the same dimensions on non-stick paper , trim to shape and slice into evenly-shaped squares with a knife for the tiles .

( Keep all the remaining black trimmings tightly wrapped for later use . )
( keep all the [staying] black trimmings tightly wrapped for later use . )

Colour half the remaining fondant grey with a tiny amount of black food colouring and model a horse 's head .
colour half the [staying] fondant grey with a tiny amount of black food colouring and model a horse 's head .

Use the remaining fondant ( with trimmings as necessary ) to form a second , brown , horse 's head .
use the [staying] fondant ( with trimmings as necessary ) to form a second , brown , horse 's head .

Colour a little more royal icing pink , keep tightly wrapped , and colour the remaining royal icing green .
colour a little more royal icing pink , keep tightly wrapped , and colour the [staying] royal icing green .

Spread all the remaining green royal icing over the cake drum around the stable , and stipple it to create a grass effect by placing the flat side of a palette knife on to the icing and drawing it upwards in little strokes .
spread all the [staying] green royal icing over the cake drum around the stable , and stipple it to create a grass effect by placing the flat side of a palette knife on to the icing and drawing it upwards in little strokes .

Cover the entire cake with the remaining buttercream .
cover the entire cake with the [staying] buttercream .

Roll out half the remaining fondant , about 450g ( 1lb ) , to a large rectangle on a surface dusted with icing sugar or cornflour .
roll out half the [staying] fondant , about 450g ( 1lb ) , to a large rectangle on a surface dusted with icing sugar or cornflour .

Colour a little remaining fondant red , and cut out and press on a numeral for the rocket .
colour a little [staying] fondant red , and cut out and press on a numeral for the rocket .

Secure the cakes together with a little apricot glaze and brush all over with the remaining glaze .
secure the cakes together with a little apricot glaze and brush all over with the [staying] glaze .

Roll out the remaining marzipan to a large thin circle and use to cover the entire semi-circular ‘ lid ’ .
roll out the [staying] marzipan to a large thin circle and use to cover the entire semi-circular ‘ lid ’ .

Colour about two-thirds of the remaining fondant — about 150g ( 5oz ) with black food colouring .
colour about two-thirds of the [staying] fondant — about 150g ( 5oz ) with black food colouring .

Colour the remaining fondant a pale cream colour ( use a tiny amount of diluted yellow food colouring ) and knead in a tiny amount of brown until almost mixed in but still a bit ‘ muddy ’ .
colour the [staying] fondant a pale cream colour ( use a tiny amount of diluted yellow food colouring ) and knead in a tiny amount of brown until almost mixed in but still a bit ‘ muddy ’ .

Cover the entire cake with the remaining buttercream .
cover the entire cake with the [staying] buttercream .

Keeping back a little fondant for the door and children ( about 100g/4oz ) , colour the remaining fondant blue .
keeping back a little fondant for the door and children ( about 100g/4oz ) , colour the [staying] fondant blue .

Coat the entire surface of the cake with the remaining buttercream .
coat the entire surface of the cake with the [staying] buttercream .

Divide the remaining fondant into three portions , about 150g ( 5oz ) each .
divide the [staying] fondant into three portions , about 150g ( 5oz ) each .

Colour the remaining royal icing brown and pipe with a medium writing nozzle attachment ropes between the large basket and the balloon .
colour the [staying] royal icing brown and pipe with a medium writing nozzle attachment ropes between the large basket and the balloon .

Two partner firms were roughly divided on the issue , but there was a small majority against in each of the remaining categories of respondent , barring ‘ others ’ .
two partner firms were roughly divided on the issue , but there was a small majority against in each of the [staying] categories of respondent , barring ‘ others ’ .

The results for this question were almost a mirror image of those for the preceding question , with the negative response to the proposition from the majority of sole practitioners easily cancelling out the positive answer given by the bulk of the remaining respondents .
the results for this question were almost a mirror image of those for the preceding question , with the negative response to the proposition from the majority of sole practitioners easily cancelling out the positive answer given by the bulk of the [staying] respondents .

When forest is cut in Amazonia , cations from the burn de-acidify the soil , releasing phosphorus from iron and aluminium compounds , but leaching rapidly removes the cations , only 18 % of the standing crop potassium remaining after 3 years , while in crops only 3 % of the nitrogen was incorporated ( only 1 % in the edible parts ) , 12 % of the calcium ( 1 % in edible parts ) 24 % , potassium ( 4 % in edible parts ) and 5 % of the phosphorus ( 1 % in the edible parts ) .
when forest is cut in amazonia , cations from the burn de-acidify the soil , releasing phosphorus from iron and aluminium compounds , but leaching rapidly removes the cations , only 18 % of the standing crop potassium [staying] after 3 years , while in crops only 3 % of the nitrogen was incorporated ( only 1 % in the edible parts ) , 12 % of the calcium ( 1 % in edible parts ) 24 % , potassium ( 4 % in edible parts ) and 5 % of the phosphorus ( 1 % in the edible parts ) .

In subsequent numbers the instrumentalists withdraw , clearing a space for the singers and dancers , but remaining within the view of the audience .
in subsequent numbers the instrumentalists withdraw , clearing a space for the singers and dancers , but [staying] within the view of the audience .

Two days earlier , acting on her own behalf and that of her children , the widow of Jean-Baptiste Lully , Madeleine Lambert , sold all the remaining books of Lully 's music to Jean Baptiste Christophe Ballard in accordance with a sentence handed down by the courts of Châtelet de Paris the previous day ( 16 July 1714 ) .
two days earlier , acting on her own behalf and that of her children , the widow of jean-baptiste lully , madeleine lambert , sold all the [staying] books of lully 's music to jean baptiste christophe ballard in accordance with a sentence handed down by the courts of châtelet de paris the previous day ( 16 july 1714 ) .

’ The simple explanation would appear to be that Jacques worked in the family business on the rue du Harlay with his father and older brother Jean , Martin 's successor in 1712 , until Jean 's death in 1720 , when , as noted above , the workshop ceased , at which time the remaining stock would have been liquidated for reasons of inheritance .
’ the simple explanation would appear to be that jacques worked in the family business on the rue du harlay with his father and older brother jean , martin 's successor in 1712 , until jean 's death in 1720 , when , as noted above , the workshop ceased , at which time the [staying] stock would have been liquidated for reasons of inheritance .

This approach gives primacy to facts , to evidence and to sources , so that the line between knowledge and speculation remains clear : it values imagination but tends to marginalize whatever seems fanciful or eccentric ; it is deeply wary of any popularizing impulse while remaining committed to the broadest possible dissemination of its characteristic ideas and enthusiasms .
this approach gives primacy to facts , to evidence and to sources , so that the line between knowledge and speculation remains clear : it values imagination but tends to marginalize whatever seems fanciful or eccentric ; it is deeply wary of any popularizing impulse while [staying] committed to the broadest possible dissemination of its characteristic ideas and enthusiasms .

Remaining distant and civilised in this man 's provocative company was the only way of defusing the physical tension …
[staying] distant and civilised in this man 's provocative company was the only way of defusing the physical tension …

In one of the few remaining parking spaces she pulled up .
in one of the few [staying] parking spaces she pulled up .

Unable to save herself , with a startled cry she pitched forward , tumbling down the remaining stairs and banging her head on the stone floor .
unable to save herself , with a startled cry she pitched forward , tumbling down the [staying] stairs and banging her head on the stone floor .

Penry walked slowly down the remaining stairs and crossed the room towards her , stumbling over a rug en route .
penry walked slowly down the [staying] stairs and crossed the room towards her , stumbling over a rug en route .

In the two months remaining Fabia got her cases packed and repacked and purchased a Czechoslovakian-English phrase book .
in the two months [staying] fabia got her cases packed and repacked and purchased a czechoslovakian-english phrase book .

Horrified , she was glancing up at one of the windows above the porch and what she saw blanched what little remaining colour she had from her face .
horrified , she was glancing up at one of the windows above the porch and what she saw blanched what little [staying] colour she had from her face .

With a sigh of satisfation she drained the last of her soup from the Thermos cup and chewed the remaining scrap of bread and cheese .
with a sigh of satisfation she drained the last of her soup from the thermos cup and chewed the [staying] scrap of bread and cheese .

An hour later she added the last few remaining sticks and huddled down again .
an hour later she added the last few [staying] sticks and huddled down again .

With an economy of movement she collected up her things , some of the remaining rations and a flask of water .
with an economy of movement she collected up her things , some of the [staying] rations and a flask of water .

When corrections are made to take account of these differences in crustal density the magnitude of gravity anomalies is significantly reduced . Remaining discrepancies are termed isostatic anomalies , but why should such anomalies exist when the lithosphere is apparently free to attain isostatic equilibrium with respect to the asthenosphere ?
when corrections are made to take account of these differences in crustal density the magnitude of gravity anomalies is significantly reduced . [staying] discrepancies are termed isostatic anomalies , but why should such anomalies exist when the lithosphere is apparently free to attain isostatic equilibrium with respect to the asthenosphere ?

Finally , Van Andel ( 1984 ) and Molnar ( 1988 ) present brief but thought-provoking assessments of the current status of plate tectonics theory and highlight the remaining problems of the model particularly when applied to the continents .
finally , van andel ( 1984 ) and molnar ( 1988 ) present brief but thought-provoking assessments of the current status of plate tectonics theory and highlight the [staying] problems of the model particularly when applied to the continents .

But not all the remaining convergence can be explained by this process and it has been suggested that the rest has been accommodated by the lateral movement of blocks of continental lithosphere along east-west trending strike-slip faults to the north of the Tibetan Plateau in Mongolia and western China ( Fig .
but not all the [staying] convergence can be explained by this process and it has been suggested that the rest has been accommodated by the lateral movement of blocks of continental lithosphere along east-west trending strike-slip faults to the north of the tibetan plateau in mongolia and western china ( fig .

The two rifts in the Benue Trough in Nigeria went through a phase of opening followed by later closing , and of the remaining rifts ten became inactive before the spreading stage and nine are currently active and may spread in the future .
the two rifts in the benue trough in nigeria went through a phase of opening followed by later closing , and of the [staying] rifts ten became inactive before the spreading stage and nine are currently active and may spread in the future .

The British Library is devoting a very considerable proportion of its resources during the remaining years of this century to the automated provision of information .
the british library is devoting a very considerable proportion of its resources during the [staying] years of this century to the automated provision of information .

Despite its acknowledged faults , classical economics did at least constitute a complete system in the sense that , if one accepted its fundamental presumption of full employment , the magnitudes of all of the remaining macroeconomic variables could be determined .
despite its acknowledged faults , classical economics did at least constitute a complete system in the sense that , if one accepted its fundamental presumption of full employment , the magnitudes of all of the [staying] macroeconomic variables could be determined .

And , to add the final touch , Phillips 's insight had filled the only remaining gap by proposing , albeit in skeletal form , an empirical model of inflation which was to be theoretically fleshed out by Lipsey .
and , to add the final touch , phillips 's insight had filled the only [staying] gap by proposing , albeit in skeletal form , an empirical model of inflation which was to be theoretically fleshed out by lipsey .

Remaining with our inflation-unemployment example where , we need to impose an additional restriction on the behaviour of the prediction error .
[staying] with our inflation-unemployment example where , we need to impose an additional restriction on the behaviour of the prediction error .

This resolves any remaining doubt about whether the court has power to award interest on an interlocutory judgment whether on default or acknowledgement of service , notice of intention to defend or pleading or on an admission of liability .
this resolves any [staying] doubt about whether the court has power to award interest on an interlocutory judgment whether on default or acknowledgement of service , notice of intention to defend or pleading or on an admission of liability .

The remaining type of clause is that which limits liability by reference to an overall monetary figure .
the [staying] type of clause is that which limits liability by reference to an overall monetary figure .

Article 6 provides that unfair terms shall not bind the consumer but that the contract shall continue to bind the parties upon the remaining terms if it is capable of continuing in existence without the unfair terms .
article 6 provides that unfair terms shall not bind the consumer but that the contract shall continue to bind the parties upon the [staying] terms if it is capable of continuing in existence without the unfair terms .

The importance of this aspect of a partner 's duty will be readily apparent , for example , in relation to decisions taken at the insistence of a majority against the opposition of the remaining partners or where the question of a partner 's expulsion or compulsory retirement arises ( see Blisset v Daniel ( 1853 ) 10 Hare 493 ) .
the importance of this aspect of a partner 's duty will be readily apparent , for example , in relation to decisions taken at the insistence of a majority against the opposition of the [staying] partners or where the question of a partner 's expulsion or compulsory retirement arises ( see blisset v daniel ( 1853 ) 10 hare 493 ) .

As a matter of drafting it is important to ensure that the grounds are treated as separate so that any one of which may be taken by the remaining partners as justifying the service of an expulsion notice .
as a matter of drafting it is important to ensure that the grounds are treated as separate so that any one of which may be taken by the [staying] partners as justifying the service of an expulsion notice .

Except in larger firms , unanimity might be thought to be desirable in the interests of preventing further splits in the firm , and even where a majority decision is available , a genuine attempt to achieve unanimity should always be made : save in any but the clearest case , exercise of the power by a permitted majority without consultation with the remaining partners would be regarded as being in bad faith .
except in larger firms , unanimity might be thought to be desirable in the interests of preventing further splits in the firm , and even where a majority decision is available , a genuine attempt to achieve unanimity should always be made : save in any but the clearest case , exercise of the power by a permitted majority without consultation with the [staying] partners would be regarded as being in bad faith .

Chapter 5 reviews the remaining commercial applications .
chapter 5 reviews the [staying] commercial applications .

This chapter examines : ( 1 ) the remaining more traditional applications , commodities ( 6.2 ) , legal questions ( 6.3 ) and insurance ( 6.4 ) ; ( 2 ) how expert determination has been adapted and expanded by the notion that the referee is an " expert " rather than a valuer ( 6.5 ) , leading to new applications ( 6.6 ) ; ( 3 ) the shift from deciding specific issues to resolving disputes ( 6.7 ) ; ( 4 ) the use of expert determination alongside other forms of dispute resolution ( 6.8 ) ; and ( 5 ) the use of expert determination as a form of general dispute resolution ( 6.9 ) .
this chapter examines : ( 1 ) the [staying] more traditional applications , commodities ( 6.2 ) , legal questions ( 6.3 ) and insurance ( 6.4 ) ; ( 2 ) how expert determination has been adapted and expanded by the notion that the referee is an " expert " rather than a valuer ( 6.5 ) , leading to new applications ( 6.6 ) ; ( 3 ) the shift from deciding specific issues to resolving disputes ( 6.7 ) ; ( 4 ) the use of expert determination alongside other forms of dispute resolution ( 6.8 ) ; and ( 5 ) the use of expert determination as a form of general dispute resolution ( 6.9 ) .

In a court case or arbitration where the only remaining issue is a matter of expertise , the parties can agree to refer that issue to an expert for determination .
in a court case or arbitration where the only [staying] issue is a matter of expertise , the parties can agree to refer that issue to an expert for determination .

The remaining question is the extent to which the expert and the parties allow the reference to resemble arbitration ( or even litigation ) .
the [staying] question is the extent to which the expert and the parties allow the reference to resemble arbitration ( or even litigation ) .

If Target pays Newco only the economic value of the group relief , £33 , then the remaining interest of £67 must be funded by payments of dividends from Target to Newco .
if target pays newco only the economic value of the group relief , £33 , then the [staying] interest of £67 must be funded by payments of dividends from target to newco .

For example : In the event that any person or persons who was or were not a member or members of the Company on the date of the adoption of these Articles ( `` the Acquiring Member `` ) either alone or in concert ( as such expression is defined in the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ) with any other person ( s ) , shall become beneficially entitled to more than [ 50 ] % of the issued Ordinary Share Capital of the Company after the date of adoption of these Articles he shall forthwith be required to serve notice on each of the holders of the Ordinary Share Capital of the Company that he is so beneficially entitled and shall thereupon be bound to offer to purchase the remaining shares in the Ordinary Share Capital of the Company at a price per share ( `` the Acquisition Price `` ) equal to the highest price per share paid by the Acquiring Member for such shares in the Company acquired by him .
for example : in the event that any person or persons who was or were not a member or members of the company on the date of the adoption of these articles ( `` the acquiring member `` ) either alone or in concert ( as such expression is defined in the city code on takeovers and mergers ) with any other person ( s ) , shall become beneficially entitled to more than [ 50 ] % of the issued ordinary share capital of the company after the date of adoption of these articles he shall forthwith be required to serve notice on each of the holders of the ordinary share capital of the company that he is so beneficially entitled and shall thereupon be bound to offer to purchase the [staying] shares in the ordinary share capital of the company at a price per share ( `` the acquisition price `` ) equal to the highest price per share paid by the acquiring member for such shares in the company acquired by him .

Redgrave and Lopham Fen in Norfolk , one of the two remaining haunts of the great raft spider , has been declared England 's 143rd National Nature Reserve .
redgrave and lopham fen in norfolk , one of the two [staying] haunts of the great raft spider , has been declared england 's 143rd national nature reserve .

Moscow 's last remaining forest , in the Losinskii Ostrov National Park , is being cut down by the city 's hungry , who are using the land for illegal potato growing .
moscow 's last [staying] forest , in the losinskii ostrov national park , is being cut down by the city 's hungry , who are using the land for illegal potato growing .

Remaining forest cover is now largely secondary growth .
[staying] forest cover is now largely secondary growth .

These include : * a new road tunnel through the Pyrenees , which will disrupt the habitat of France 's last remaining brown bear colony ; * the eastern Dublin by-pass , which will cut through an important wetland nature reserve ; * the Lisbon to Oporto motorway , which will disrupt local water flows .
these include : * a new road tunnel through the pyrenees , which will disrupt the habitat of france 's last [staying] brown bear colony ; * the eastern dublin by-pass , which will cut through an important wetland nature reserve ; * the lisbon to oporto motorway , which will disrupt local water flows .

The current trend towards ever higher emissions would be curbed by energy conservation ( accounting for around 43 per cent of the required reduction ) and a shift away from fossil fuels to renewable energy ( accounting for the remaining 57 per cent ) .
the current trend towards ever higher emissions would be curbed by energy conservation ( accounting for around 43 per cent of the required reduction ) and a shift away from fossil fuels to renewable energy ( accounting for the [staying] 57 per cent ) .

Mount Apo is also one of the last remaining strongholds of the Philippine eagle , whose numbers have shrunk to around 40 as a result of the widespread deforestation throughout the archipelago .
mount apo is also one of the last [staying] strongholds of the philippine eagle , whose numbers have shrunk to around 40 as a result of the widespread deforestation throughout the archipelago .

Fisons is to continue taking peat from the remaining bogs over which it has extraction rights for thirty years , leaving only a two foot layer of peat .
fisons is to continue taking peat from the [staying] bogs over which it has extraction rights for thirty years , leaving only a two foot layer of peat .

The winner was Fisons plc , the compost company , which had claimed in an advertisement that `` buying British peat-based compost in no way endangers our remaining wetlands of conservation value `` .
the winner was fisons plc , the compost company , which had claimed in an advertisement that `` buying british peat-based compost in no way endangers our [staying] wetlands of conservation value `` .

The coal char remaining is fed into the fluidized bed system , while the exhaust from the gas turbine can be used to help drive the fluidized bed .
the coal char [staying] is fed into the fluidized bed system , while the exhaust from the gas turbine can be used to help drive the fluidized bed .

The environmental group Greenpeace has published a report on the Gulf War in which it warns that funds for clean-up operations are running out , with much work remaining to be done .
the environmental group greenpeace has published a report on the gulf war in which it warns that funds for clean-up operations are running out , with much work [staying] to be done .

Remaining problems include lakes of spilt oil in the Kuwaiti desert , which Greenpeace warn may prove a health risk as they evaporate .
[staying] problems include lakes of spilt oil in the kuwaiti desert , which greenpeace warn may prove a health risk as they evaporate .

The crested ibis faces certain extinction in Japan after attempts to breed from the sole remaining pair have failed .
the crested ibis faces certain extinction in japan after attempts to breed from the sole [staying] pair have failed .

The bird became a protected species in 1960 and numbers continued to drop until the remaining five ibises were taken into captivity by Japan 's Environment Agency in 1981 .
the bird became a protected species in 1960 and numbers continued to drop until the [staying] five ibises were taken into captivity by japan 's environment agency in 1981 .

The protestors are concerned that the construction of the tunnel and its approach road threatens the future of France 's last remaining colony of brown bears [ see EDs 45 , 45 , 49 ] .
the protestors are concerned that the construction of the tunnel and its approach road threatens the future of france 's last [staying] colony of brown bears [ see eds 45 , 45 , 49 ] .

The steppes support around 65 per cent of the remaining worldwide bustard population .
the steppes support around 65 per cent of the [staying] worldwide bustard population .

The scheme merely encourages farmers to intensify production on their remaining land , it is argued .
the scheme merely encourages farmers to intensify production on their [staying] land , it is argued .

The Uchikawa wetland , a seven-hectare tidal flat in Tokyo Bay , is becoming a test case of Japan 's willingness to protect its remaining natural habitats .
the uchikawa wetland , a seven-hectare tidal flat in tokyo bay , is becoming a test case of japan 's willingness to protect its [staying] natural habitats .

Plans for the wetland , which represents a quarter of Tokyo 's remaining natural shoreline , to be filled in to provide a refuge for local people in the event of an earthquake are being opposed by local campaigners .
plans for the wetland , which represents a quarter of tokyo 's [staying] natural shoreline , to be filled in to provide a refuge for local people in the event of an earthquake are being opposed by local campaigners .

The three remaining reactors at Chernobyl are still in operation , and produced 5.2 per cent of Ukraine 's electricity in 1991 .
the three [staying] reactors at chernobyl are still in operation , and produced 5.2 per cent of ukraine 's electricity in 1991 .

It is also one of the few remaining `` Lammas `` meadows in Britain .
it is also one of the few [staying] `` lammas `` meadows in britain .

The future of Spain 's last remaining brown bears is in doubt after the government has decided in principle to go ahead with the construction of a major dam in a valley that is crucial to their habitat .
the future of spain 's last [staying] brown bears is in doubt after the government has decided in principle to go ahead with the construction of a major dam in a valley that is crucial to their habitat .

Conservationists are calling for an immediate halt to the clearing , in the hope that the remaining forest will be able to regenerate .
conservationists are calling for an immediate halt to the clearing , in the hope that the [staying] forest will be able to regenerate .

The dam would flood one of the last remaining strongholds of the European lynx and the Spanish imperial eagle , and disrupt the habitat of black storks and wintering cranes .
the dam would flood one of the last [staying] strongholds of the european lynx and the spanish imperial eagle , and disrupt the habitat of black storks and wintering cranes .

New studies have revealed that Panama 's remaining tropical forests will disappear within 25 years unless urgent conservation measures were taken .
new studies have revealed that panama 's [staying] tropical forests will disappear within 25 years unless urgent conservation measures were taken .

The Malaysia government is to launch a campaign to counter `` the lies `` told by Western environmentalists arguing against the logging of the country 's remaining rainforests .
the malaysia government is to launch a campaign to counter `` the lies `` told by western environmentalists arguing against the logging of the country 's [staying] rainforests .

It calls on countries to improve management of plantations and set aside remaining native forests to allow them to regenerate naturally .
it calls on countries to improve management of plantations and set aside [staying] native forests to allow them to regenerate naturally .

Asian , American and European logging companies have begun exploiting on a massive scale the world 's largest remaining native forest in Siberia , now part of the Russian Federation .
asian , american and european logging companies have begun exploiting on a massive scale the world 's largest [staying] native forest in siberia , now part of the russian federation .

In Brazil , despite some progress , half the remaining Awa-Guaja still flee contact with the whites and hundreds have been killed by local ranchers and loggers .
in brazil , despite some progress , half the [staying] awa-guaja still flee contact with the whites and hundreds have been killed by local ranchers and loggers .

Zimbabwe has begun an experimental scheme to track its remaining rhino by the use of transponders implanted in the animals ' skin .
zimbabwe has begun an experimental scheme to track its [staying] rhino by the use of transponders implanted in the animals ' skin .

Faced with a massive upsurge in poaching , Zimbabwe has embarked on a crash programme of de-horning its remaining black rhino population , in an effort to make the animals worthless to the poachers .
faced with a massive upsurge in poaching , zimbabwe has embarked on a crash programme of de-horning its [staying] black rhino population , in an effort to make the animals worthless to the poachers .

Cambodia 's remaining forests have become the target of intense logging operations , now that relative peace has come to the country after 20 years of war .
cambodia 's [staying] forests have become the target of intense logging operations , now that relative peace has come to the country after 20 years of war .

Environmentalists warn that the development may place an intolerable burden on the remaining forest , whose area has shrunk from 5,200 square miles in 1943 to around 2,070 square miles today , some of which is notionally protected as a national park .
environmentalists warn that the development may place an intolerable burden on the [staying] forest , whose area has shrunk from 5,200 square miles in 1943 to around 2,070 square miles today , some of which is notionally protected as a national park .

Cedoin , an independent monitoring agency in La Paz , estimates that the Bolivian government has granted logging concessions covering 22.5 million hectares , half the country 's remaining forested area .
cedoin , an independent monitoring agency in la paz , estimates that the bolivian government has granted logging concessions covering 22.5 million hectares , half the country 's [staying] forested area .

Europe 's ancient woodlands are being felled more quickly than the tropical rain forests : about 90 per cent of the temperate forest that once covered the continent has disappeared and the remaining pockets of old growth woodland are being replaced by monoculture timber plantations .
europe 's ancient woodlands are being felled more quickly than the tropical rain forests : about 90 per cent of the temperate forest that once covered the continent has disappeared and the [staying] pockets of old growth woodland are being replaced by monoculture timber plantations .

Remaining large areas of old-growth forest in Eastern Europe are proving a tempting source of hard currency at a time of rising world timber prices .
[staying] large areas of old-growth forest in eastern europe are proving a tempting source of hard currency at a time of rising world timber prices .

Brazil 's 217 remaining Guarani Indians are campaigning to stop the building of a dam on the headwaters of the Cipivari river in Sao Paulo state .
brazil 's 217 [staying] guarani indians are campaigning to stop the building of a dam on the headwaters of the cipivari river in sao paulo state .

Working with environmentalist groups , the Guarani Indians argue that Brazil can not afford to lose any more of the few remaining areas of Atlantic rainforest , of which only 5 per cent is intact .
working with environmentalist groups , the guarani indians argue that brazil can not afford to lose any more of the few [staying] areas of atlantic rainforest , of which only 5 per cent is intact .

Cheminova Agro , of Denmark , will continue to produce parathion for use on the remaining nine crops .
cheminova agro , of denmark , will continue to produce parathion for use on the [staying] nine crops .

For the remaining 5 per cent of the year , they are allowed to exceed the standards by an unlimited amount .
for the [staying] 5 per cent of the year , they are allowed to exceed the standards by an unlimited amount .

The new ruling will keep the 95 per cent rule , but for the remaining 5 per cent of the time a new , tighter standard will be set .
the new ruling will keep the 95 per cent rule , but for the [staying] 5 per cent of the time a new , tighter standard will be set .

The agreement , by which Merck will pay the Institute $ 1 million , is intended to provide an incentive for the conservation of Costa Rica 's remaining forest lands , by allowing them to serve as a sustainable productive resource of materials other than timber .
the agreement , by which merck will pay the institute $ 1 million , is intended to provide an incentive for the conservation of costa rica 's [staying] forest lands , by allowing them to serve as a sustainable productive resource of materials other than timber .

The remaining three are to stand trial .
the [staying] three are to stand trial .

So far 11 of the 24 parks have been established and it is hoped to have remaining areas protected by the end of 1994 .
so far 11 of the 24 parks have been established and it is hoped to have [staying] areas protected by the end of 1994 .

The Bikin river area is also home to about 40 of the 250 remaining Siberian tigers , regarded as sacred by the Udege .
the bikin river area is also home to about 40 of the 250 [staying] siberian tigers , regarded as sacred by the udege .

It calls on the relevant authorities to designate as Sites of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSIs ) all remaining peat bogs with at least some primary vegetation and those damaged but with a potential for rehabilitation .
it calls on the relevant authorities to designate as sites of special scientific interest ( sssis ) all [staying] peat bogs with at least some primary vegetation and those damaged but with a potential for rehabilitation .

Poaching has been on the increase in the Indian subcontinent since the mid-1980s , when stocks of tiger bone remaining from an officially sanctioned extermination campaign in China in the 1960s were exhausted .
poaching has been on the increase in the indian subcontinent since the mid-1980s , when stocks of tiger bone [staying] from an officially sanctioned extermination campaign in china in the 1960s were exhausted .

But others argue that , with uranium and plutonium supplies remaining plentiful for the foreseeable future , it is an unnecessary development and that research into nuclear fusion would be more fruitful .
but others argue that , with uranium and plutonium supplies [staying] plentiful for the foreseeable future , it is an unnecessary development and that research into nuclear fusion would be more fruitful .

The only remaining breeding population is in the Adelaide zoo .
the only [staying] breeding population is in the adelaide zoo .

The destination of the remaining carbon is not clear , but Sedjo now proposes that it is in fact being absorbed by the new plantations in temperate lands .
the destination of the [staying] carbon is not clear , but sedjo now proposes that it is in fact being absorbed by the new plantations in temperate lands .

South Australia 's remaining marsupial population is threatened with extinction within 12 years , as a result of " disastrous " management of national parks , according to Liberal Party .
south australia 's [staying] marsupial population is threatened with extinction within 12 years , as a result of " disastrous " management of national parks , according to liberal party .

In County Durham , for example , British Coal is spending £6 million a year keeping its remaining coastal pits dry but now has no operational interest in the network of 11 pumping stations .
in county durham , for example , british coal is spending £6 million a year keeping its [staying] coastal pits dry but now has no operational interest in the network of 11 pumping stations .

Butler and Stokes write , `` Partisanship over the individual 's lifetime has some of the quality of a photographic reproduction that deteriorates with time : it is a fairly sharp copy of the parents ' original at the beginning of political awareness , but over the years it becomes somewhat blurred , although remaining easily recognizable . ``
butler and stokes write , `` partisanship over the individual 's lifetime has some of the quality of a photographic reproduction that deteriorates with time : it is a fairly sharp copy of the parents ' original at the beginning of political awareness , but over the years it becomes somewhat blurred , although [staying] easily recognizable . ``

The Lords ' remaining authority was in practice to be removed in consequence of the 1867 Reform Act , though not until the twentieth century was the House forced formally to accept its diminished status .
the lords ' [staying] authority was in practice to be removed in consequence of the 1867 reform act , though not until the twentieth century was the house forced formally to accept its diminished status .

Various such measures were enacted in the years prior to 1867 , though the most notable were to be enacted in the remaining decades of the century .
various such measures were enacted in the years prior to 1867 , though the most notable were to be enacted in the [staying] decades of the century .

The remaining trees were doing well .
the [staying] trees were doing well .

Discussing Nietzsche , de Man can advance his case against what he calls `` the inside/outside metaphor `` in literary studies while remaining inconspicuous .
discussing nietzsche , de man can advance his case against what he calls `` the inside/outside metaphor `` in literary studies while [staying] inconspicuous .

The first of these was chosen because it is by far the shortest sentence of the story , whilst the remaining two contain , respectively , explicit and symbolic allusions to death .
the first of these was chosen because it is by far the shortest sentence of the story , whilst the [staying] two contain , respectively , explicit and symbolic allusions to death .

While remaining male , the male symbol has taken over female tasks and properties as well .
while [staying] male , the male symbol has taken over female tasks and properties as well .

It was stressed that the present efforts result in marginalised communities often remaining so , with the best organised , that is church groups , securing the majority of funding and aid .
it was stressed that the present efforts result in marginalised communities often [staying] so , with the best organised , that is church groups , securing the majority of funding and aid .

the only tidal mill remaining intact in Wales .
the only tidal mill [staying] intact in wales .

Add remaining ingredients and stir until the fondue thickens slightly .
add [staying] ingredients and stir until the fondue thickens slightly .

And as Mrs Johnstone , alias Meg Dods , author of the admirable Housewife 's Manual of 1826 wrote , `` What is left of the clarified butter ( from potted lobster or crab ) will be very relishing for sauces `` while `` any butter from potted tongue or chicken remaining uneaten will afterwards be useful for frying meat and for pastry for pies `` .
and as mrs johnstone , alias meg dods , author of the admirable housewife 's manual of 1826 wrote , `` what is left of the clarified butter ( from potted lobster or crab ) will be very relishing for sauces `` while `` any butter from potted tongue or chicken [staying] uneaten will afterwards be useful for frying meat and for pastry for pies `` .

Melt the remaining 3 oz .
melt the [staying] 3 oz .

Stone the prunes , sieve them , with any remaining juice .
stone the prunes , sieve them , with any [staying] juice .

The screams reached their peak as the remaining males descended to the ground and started charging through the group .
the screams reached their peak as the [staying] males descended to the ground and started charging through the group .

Meanwhile , the remaining males carried on displaying wildly — Fitz and Rousseau remaining at a distance , and only Kendo daring to charge right over the scrum — all to no avail .
meanwhile , the [staying] males carried on displaying wildly — fitz and rousseau [staying] at a distance , and only kendo daring to charge right over the scrum — all to no avail .

Most of the remaining shots , though , were rather dark and disappointing .
most of the [staying] shots , though , were rather dark and disappointing .

Over the next 10 years , half of Africa 's remaining elephants were wiped out , mostly by the poacher 's bullet .
over the next 10 years , half of africa 's [staying] elephants were wiped out , mostly by the poacher 's bullet .

There is now nowhere on earth which is immune from man-made changes in the atmosphere or radioactive fall-out ; only a few remaining places where no humans have trod ; and in our own islands , only a handful of inaccessible sites which have escaped some deliberate interference with their ecology .
there is now nowhere on earth which is immune from man-made changes in the atmosphere or radioactive fall-out ; only a few [staying] places where no humans have trod ; and in our own islands , only a handful of inaccessible sites which have escaped some deliberate interference with their ecology .

Back in November , Mr Bush got a rude shock when his ‘ Energy Strategy ’ ( which amounted to little more than building a few more nuclear reactors and opening up every remaining square inch of Alaska to further oil exploration ) got kicked out by the Senate .
back in november , mr bush got a rude shock when his ‘ energy strategy ’ ( which amounted to little more than building a few more nuclear reactors and opening up every [staying] square inch of alaska to further oil exploration ) got kicked out by the senate .

The first four commands concern men 's relationship to God , the remaining six their relationship to one another .
the first four commands concern men 's relationship to god , the [staying] six their relationship to one another .

The remaining 600 slingers took refuge in the rock of Rimmon .
the [staying] 600 slingers took refuge in the rock of rimmon .

The Collector had the remaining wooden shutters stripped off the Residency windows and dug into the mud of the ramparts to prevent them melting .
the collector had the [staying] wooden shutters stripped off the residency windows and dug into the mud of the ramparts to prevent them melting .

As the Young King wavered between the three alternatives of remaining dutifully at his father 's side , going to Jerusalem , or marching into Aquitaine , he was certainly tempted by messages from the rebels offering to recognize him as their Duke , but he may also have been egged on by Geoffrey of Brittany .
as the young king wavered between the three alternatives of [staying] dutifully at his father 's side , going to jerusalem , or marching into aquitaine , he was certainly tempted by messages from the rebels offering to recognize him as their duke , but he may also have been egged on by geoffrey of brittany .

If clarification requests are divided into just two categories , potential ( being those categories where the listener actively contributes to the negotiation by introducing new information ) , and simple ( the remaining categories ) , and these are set against the number of inadequate messages produced , a number of interesting findings emerges .
if clarification requests are divided into just two categories , potential ( being those categories where the listener actively contributes to the negotiation by introducing new information ) , and simple ( the [staying] categories ) , and these are set against the number of inadequate messages produced , a number of interesting findings emerges .

He had probably looked over the preparatory material which had already been published elsewhere , and sketched out the remaining chapters , during his period of convalescence in the late summer and autumn of 1947 .
he had probably looked over the preparatory material which had already been published elsewhere , and sketched out the [staying] chapters , during his period of convalescence in the late summer and autumn of 1947 .

As so often happens in the last years , his remaining family and oldest friends became of most importance to him .
as so often happens in the last years , his [staying] family and oldest friends became of most importance to him .

Then he pronounced himself in favour of Baldwin remaining in office to meet Parliament .
then he pronounced himself in favour of baldwin [staying] in office to meet parliament .

Knowing that her remaining twin was in danger , she rushed to the home of a friend who drove her to hospital .
knowing that her [staying] twin was in danger , she rushed to the home of a friend who drove her to hospital .

Mix breadcrumbs with remaining cheese .
mix breadcrumbs with [staying] cheese .

Purée banana and remaining lime juice .
purée banana and [staying] lime juice .

Purée remaining raspberries with 5tbsp ( 75ml ) water .
purée [staying] raspberries with 5tbsp ( 75ml ) water .

Add remaining ingredients to pan .
add [staying] ingredients to pan .

Liquidise ⅔ with drained peaches and remaining ⅓ with redcurrants .
liquidise ⅔ with drained peaches and [staying] ⅓ with redcurrants .

Perhaps more significant are the events in the remaining and short history of the Rochdale Co-operative Manufacturing Society .
perhaps more significant are the events in the [staying] and short history of the rochdale co-operative manufacturing society .

Cole records that , in the straitened circumstances attending the trade depression of 1857–8 , the payment of dividend on invested capital was made a prior charge on profits , payable , that is , before the workers ' bonus ; and the remaining profits were to be divided at a uniform rate on wages paid and on invested capital .
cole records that , in the straitened circumstances attending the trade depression of 1857–8 , the payment of dividend on invested capital was made a prior charge on profits , payable , that is , before the workers ' bonus ; and the [staying] profits were to be divided at a uniform rate on wages paid and on invested capital .

The second notable point is the one which , when the remit was published , led to much criticism of it , and which is registered in paragraph 1 of the minority report signed by three of the nine members remaining from the ten who at the outset composed the Committee : Certainly , the terms of reference specified industrial democracy as an extension of the activities of trade unions into the control of enterprises , other than public sector enterprises , by which the members of those unions were employed .
the second notable point is the one which , when the remit was published , led to much criticism of it , and which is registered in paragraph 1 of the minority report signed by three of the nine members [staying] from the ten who at the outset composed the committee : certainly , the terms of reference specified industrial democracy as an extension of the activities of trade unions into the control of enterprises , other than public sector enterprises , by which the members of those unions were employed .

If a State concludes a treaty that conflicts with its obligations under an earlier treaty , other parties to the former treaty ( although third parties to the subsequent one ) can regard that State as remaining bound by its commitments to them .
if a state concludes a treaty that conflicts with its obligations under an earlier treaty , other parties to the former treaty ( although third parties to the subsequent one ) can regard that state as [staying] bound by its commitments to them .

He quickly checked the remaining rooms .
he quickly checked the [staying] rooms .

Having been engaged in an undeclared war with China since 1937 Japan took advantage of the French defeat in 1940 both to close one of China 's last remaining links with the outside world , the Haiphong — Yunnan railway , and to begin her advance into Southeast Asia .
having been engaged in an undeclared war with china since 1937 japan took advantage of the french defeat in 1940 both to close one of china 's last [staying] links with the outside world , the haiphong — yunnan railway , and to begin her advance into southeast asia .

Although it was not appreciated at the time when the Japanese swept away the administration , the power and the remaining claims to sovereignty of the French in Indochina , the Second World War in Asia had entered its final six months .
although it was not appreciated at the time when the japanese swept away the administration , the power and the [staying] claims to sovereignty of the french in indochina , the second world war in asia had entered its final six months .

Akin to this situation is the case in which an absent ( possibly deserting , possibly dead ) spouse is replaced by the child in the dependent affection of the remaining parent .
akin to this situation is the case in which an absent ( possibly deserting , possibly dead ) spouse is replaced by the child in the dependent affection of the [staying] parent .

Protected by the castle , a settlement grew up , apparently outside the bailey walls on the lower ground , with the modern market area seemingly remaining clear until the 16th century .
protected by the castle , a settlement grew up , apparently outside the bailey walls on the lower ground , with the modern market area seemingly [staying] clear until the 16th century .

For administering the bequest , the Goldsmiths would receive the remaining £2 13 4d of the annual £17 and be required to have for ever `` the presentement , nominacion , and admyssyon `` and the removing and puttyng out `` of the priests in their care .
for administering the bequest , the goldsmiths would receive the [staying] £2 13 4d of the annual £17 and be required to have for ever `` the presentement , nominacion , and admyssyon `` and the removing and puttyng out `` of the priests in their care .

Furthermore , in February 1711 , as part of a general move to increase revenue , it was decided to sell the `` Commons and Waste Grounds `` of Stockport , sufficient to yield about £60 a year ; of this , one sixth was to be paid to the Mayor towards defrayment of the costs of his office , and another sixth to the Schoolmaster , while the remaining two thirds were devoted to the poor of the town .
furthermore , in february 1711 , as part of a general move to increase revenue , it was decided to sell the `` commons and waste grounds `` of stockport , sufficient to yield about £60 a year ; of this , one sixth was to be paid to the mayor towards defrayment of the costs of his office , and another sixth to the schoolmaster , while the [staying] two thirds were devoted to the poor of the town .

… we attended at the School on Monday the 17th [ July , 1833 ] and found that it was divided into six classes , the first being composed of three boys only whose study was the Classics , the second of about 20 who were instructed in the Latin Grammar , and the remaining four classes were composed of boys whose education was confined to Reading , Writing , Arithmetic , and English Grammar , in which instruction the boys in the two senior classes also participated . "
… we attended at the school on monday the 17th [ july , 1833 ] and found that it was divided into six classes , the first being composed of three boys only whose study was the classics , the second of about 20 who were instructed in the latin grammar , and the [staying] four classes were composed of boys whose education was confined to reading , writing , arithmetic , and english grammar , in which instruction the boys in the two senior classes also participated . "

" The following morning the Deputation again visited the School previous to the Scholars being dismissed for the Midsummer Holidays , and having inspected the Book of Entry of the Scholars ' Admissions & c we found that the whole number of 150 had been received into the School — that on the day of examination 141 were present and the remaining 9 absent from suspension or illness and one by death . "
" the following morning the deputation again visited the school previous to the scholars being dismissed for the midsummer holidays , and having inspected the book of entry of the scholars ' admissions & c we found that the whole number of 150 had been received into the school — that on the day of examination 141 were present and the [staying] 9 absent from suspension or illness and one by death . "

The remaining two sites were the Mile End Hall estate , where Stockport School now stands , and the place eventually chosen and now occupied by the School , the Bramhall Lodge estate , then owned by Mr. Alfred Bell , a member of the well-known local brewing family .
the [staying] two sites were the mile end hall estate , where stockport school now stands , and the place eventually chosen and now occupied by the school , the bramhall lodge estate , then owned by mr. alfred bell , a member of the well-known local brewing family .

It is the last of its kind remaining .
it is the last of its kind [staying] .

The Republicans had committed themselves in 1920 to remaining outside the League of Nations , and there was no serious attempt to reverse this policy subsequently .
the republicans had committed themselves in 1920 to [staying] outside the league of nations , and there was no serious attempt to reverse this policy subsequently .

The troops remaining in the islands fought a bitter rearguard action .
the troops [staying] in the islands fought a bitter rearguard action .

But Kennedy took much the same view of the area as his predecessor , accepting a domino theory and remaining absolutely determined to prevent the fall of South Vietnam to the Communists .
but kennedy took much the same view of the area as his predecessor , accepting a domino theory and [staying] absolutely determined to prevent the fall of south vietnam to the communists .

The remaining months of Johnson 's term of office were marred by continuing strife and violence at home .
the [staying] months of johnson 's term of office were marred by continuing strife and violence at home .

Eventually , in January 1981 , the remaining 52 hostages were freed when $ 7.9 billion worth of frozen Iranian assets were returned marking the end of a humiliating experience for the world 's wealthiest and apparently most powerful nation .
eventually , in january 1981 , the [staying] 52 hostages were freed when $ 7.9 billion worth of frozen iranian assets were returned marking the end of a humiliating experience for the world 's wealthiest and apparently most powerful nation .

He states however that the fuel was computed at that point and it was determined that there should have been 1,300 lbs remaining on arrival over Goose Bay , giving a reserve of twenty-five to twenty-seven minutes holding at 20,000 feet altitude .
he states however that the fuel was computed at that point and it was determined that there should have been 1,300 lbs [staying] on arrival over goose bay , giving a reserve of twenty-five to twenty-seven minutes holding at 20,000 feet altitude .

Since vanishes but at least one first minor does not , there must be n — 1 independent columns , the remaining column being expressible uniquely in terms of the independent columns .
since vanishes but at least one first minor does not , there must be n — 1 independent columns , the [staying] column being expressible uniquely in terms of the independent columns .

But x has n elements , so that we can find only n — s of its elements in terms of the remaining s ( see an example is given in 2.5 ) which are arbitrary .
but x has n elements , so that we can find only n — s of its elements in terms of the [staying] s ( see an example is given in 2.5 ) which are arbitrary .

With r = 0 , Equation ( 2.7.1.5 ) becomes Hence if we choose co to make k1 zero , it will contain no contribution from x1 , and , as r increases sufficiently to a value s , ( 2.7.1.5 ) will tend to The condition means that we can express one element of co in terms of the remaining n — 1 .
with r = 0 , equation ( 2.7.1.5 ) becomes hence if we choose co to make k1 zero , it will contain no contribution from x1 , and , as r increases sufficiently to a value s , ( 2.7.1.5 ) will tend to the condition means that we can express one element of co in terms of the [staying] n — 1 .

If they have a common root , we test the remaining quadratics to see if they are satisfied by this common root .
if they have a common root , we test the [staying] quadratics to see if they are satisfied by this common root .

As soon as he knows about it he goes into automatic `` crisis mode `` , remaining cool and placing top priority on obtaining the key facts and assessing the options to minimize damage to the company and its people while resolving the problem .
as soon as he knows about it he goes into automatic `` crisis mode `` , [staying] cool and placing top priority on obtaining the key facts and assessing the options to minimize damage to the company and its people while resolving the problem .

It is worth the effort to convey something of how this is done but do not worry if you find the remaining paragraphs of this section rather abstract and demanding .
it is worth the effort to convey something of how this is done but do not worry if you find the [staying] paragraphs of this section rather abstract and demanding .

The remaining two thirds are spent in stimulating ideas , planning , and creative activities so that growth in skills and concepts goes hand in hand with increased knowledge .
the [staying] two thirds are spent in stimulating ideas , planning , and creative activities so that growth in skills and concepts goes hand in hand with increased knowledge .

The institutions themselves succeeded in raising fifty per cent of the price of eleven out of the eighteen drawings and the support of the National Art Collections Fund , the National Heritage Memorial Fund and the Foundation for Sport and the Arts has been crucial in raising most of the remaining moneys required .
the institutions themselves succeeded in raising fifty per cent of the price of eleven out of the eighteen drawings and the support of the national art collections fund , the national heritage memorial fund and the foundation for sport and the arts has been crucial in raising most of the [staying] moneys required .

Robin Smith kept wicket for the five overs remaining , Stewart having been among those hit painfully on the ankle or foot while batting .
robin smith kept wicket for the five overs [staying] , stewart having been among those hit painfully on the ankle or foot while batting .

There will a lot of cricket played in the remaining matches , with only three points separating five teams from second to sixth in the table .
there will a lot of cricket played in the [staying] matches , with only three points separating five teams from second to sixth in the table .

Rather than any devastated areas remaining derelict for any time , quite the reverse may have been the case , and archaeology , especially from the air , is now beginning to produce evidence for development on a much larger scale than appreciated hitherto .
rather than any devastated areas [staying] derelict for any time , quite the reverse may have been the case , and archaeology , especially from the air , is now beginning to produce evidence for development on a much larger scale than appreciated hitherto .

20 ) apparently remaining a kitchen .
20 ) apparently [staying] a kitchen .

This last piece of evidence was regarded by Sir Ian Richmond as a necessary attempt by a Christian owner to counteract any remaining pagan influence .
this last piece of evidence was regarded by sir ian richmond as a necessary attempt by a christian owner to counteract any [staying] pagan influence .

None of the remaining six Labours has yet been identified on British pottery .
none of the [staying] six labours has yet been identified on british pottery .

The remaining eleven works arrived back in April this year after an out-of-court settlement by the Kulturstiftung and the Ministry of the Interior .
the [staying] eleven works arrived back in april this year after an out-of-court settlement by the kulturstiftung and the ministry of the interior .

The present sketch is the only remaining preparatory canvas for that work still in private hands and in the opinion of Vivian Endicott Barnett , author of the catalogue raisonné of the watercolours , the most important work from 1913 to remain in private hands .
the present sketch is the only [staying] preparatory canvas for that work still in private hands and in the opinion of vivian endicott barnett , author of the catalogue raisonné of the watercolours , the most important work from 1913 to remain in private hands .

As Rawls remarks , liberalism insists upon the priority of ‘ the right ’ over ‘ the good ’ , that is , it upholds the right to choose whilst remaining agnostic on the question of the best path to follow .
as rawls remarks , liberalism insists upon the priority of ‘ the right ’ over ‘ the good ’ , that is , it upholds the right to choose whilst [staying] agnostic on the question of the best path to follow .

Also , cash-bloated film and television tycoons formed one important group of new collectors of contemporary art in the Eighties , and since the entertainment business is often the last industry to feel the pinch of a national economic recession , artists may also be retreating to the comfort of their remaining sure sources of income .
also , cash-bloated film and television tycoons formed one important group of new collectors of contemporary art in the eighties , and since the entertainment business is often the last industry to feel the pinch of a national economic recession , artists may also be retreating to the comfort of their [staying] sure sources of income .

Among them are the four remaining pictures shown by Betty Parsons , whose checklist notes seventeen works , the complete set of five White Paintings conceived in 1951 and recreated , under Rauschenberg 's instructions , by Brice Marden in 1968 , twelve Black Paintings , three gold leaf paintings , fifteen collages created in Rome and North Africa in the last months of 1952 , and thirteen box sculptures incorporating stones , thorns , an insect and other material .
among them are the four [staying] pictures shown by betty parsons , whose checklist notes seventeen works , the complete set of five white paintings conceived in 1951 and recreated , under rauschenberg 's instructions , by brice marden in 1968 , twelve black paintings , three gold leaf paintings , fifteen collages created in rome and north africa in the last months of 1952 , and thirteen box sculptures incorporating stones , thorns , an insect and other material .

In the event , part of the collection was left to the museum at Charleroi , near Magritte 's home town ; another part went to the Pompidou Centre 's Musée National d'Art Moderne , while the painter 's remaining works , house and surrealist library were left ownerless : his widow had not had time to stipulate how they should be divided .
in the event , part of the collection was left to the museum at charleroi , near magritte 's home town ; another part went to the pompidou centre 's musée national d'art moderne , while the painter 's [staying] works , house and surrealist library were left ownerless : his widow had not had time to stipulate how they should be divided .

This means that the main body of the national collection still has no permanent home and it may well be that the Casina delle Civette will become a more specialised museum of Art Nouveau glass , the Villino Boncompagni will house the twentieth-century items and another site will be found for the remaining collections .
this means that the main body of the national collection still has no permanent home and it may well be that the casina delle civette will become a more specialised museum of art nouveau glass , the villino boncompagni will house the twentieth-century items and another site will be found for the [staying] collections .

Cooper panicked , sold the château , and spent his remaining years in two small apartments in Monte Carlo , which were too small for the collection , part of which was sold .
cooper panicked , sold the château , and spent his [staying] years in two small apartments in monte carlo , which were too small for the collection , part of which was sold .

New York collector Leonard Lauder paid what is said to have been $ 25 million for some of the finest remaining works , including Braque 's ‘ Still life with mandoline and metronome ’ ( 1909–10 ) and Gris 's ‘ Portrait of the artist 's mother ’ ( 1912 ) .
new york collector leonard lauder paid what is said to have been $ 25 million for some of the finest [staying] works , including braque 's ‘ still life with mandoline and metronome ’ ( 1909–10 ) and gris 's ‘ portrait of the artist 's mother ’ ( 1912 ) .

The remaining works , of uneven quality , are loans from the private collectors group , Colección Arte Contemporàneo ( formerly Amigos del Centro de Arte Reina Sofía ) , the Spanish telephone company , the Museo Nacional d'Arte de Catalunya , Zaragoza 's regional authority , the city of Valencia , and various collectors and artists .
the [staying] works , of uneven quality , are loans from the private collectors group , colección arte contemporàneo ( formerly amigos del centro de arte reina sofía ) , the spanish telephone company , the museo nacional d'arte de catalunya , zaragoza 's regional authority , the city of valencia , and various collectors and artists .

Not only was it a matter of dignity and prestige that the remaining continental possessions of the Plantagenets should be preserved , but political and material forces were at work to maintain the Anglo-Gascon connection .
not only was it a matter of dignity and prestige that the [staying] continental possessions of the plantagenets should be preserved , but political and material forces were at work to maintain the anglo-gascon connection .

By 1225 the loss of Poitiers and La Rochelle made it the effective capital of the remaining Plantagenet dominions .
by 1225 the loss of poitiers and la rochelle made it the effective capital of the [staying] plantagenet dominions .

Select from the remaining options .
select from the [staying] options .

Those remaining open may be drawing upon their stock for the summer programme .
those [staying] open may be drawing upon their stock for the summer programme .

The cult of classicism and the ancient world is , of course , central to an understanding of Lorenzo , but far from remaining a theoretical and private interest , as was generally thought until recently , prestigious architectural commissions were part of his clearly defined political programme .
the cult of classicism and the ancient world is , of course , central to an understanding of lorenzo , but far from [staying] a theoretical and private interest , as was generally thought until recently , prestigious architectural commissions were part of his clearly defined political programme .

Similar ideas for features , visits and events could be thought up for the remaining areas .
similar ideas for features , visits and events could be thought up for the [staying] areas .

This is a good start , but there will still be quite considerable differences within the remaining group and it is worth checking to see if you can usefully angle your basic release to fit at least some of these requirements .
this is a good start , but there will still be quite considerable differences within the [staying] group and it is worth checking to see if you can usefully angle your basic release to fit at least some of these requirements .

For students unable to obtain a place in hall for their first or subsequent years , the remaining choice lies in the private-rented sector .
for students unable to obtain a place in hall for their first or subsequent years , the [staying] choice lies in the private-rented sector .

( see Suggestions for further reading at the end of this chapter ) and most will have been intellectually persuaded that they ought to give fewer , better lectures and devote their remaining teaching energies to small-group learning — i.e .
( see suggestions for further reading at the end of this chapter ) and most will have been intellectually persuaded that they ought to give fewer , better lectures and devote their [staying] teaching energies to small-group learning — i.e .

By adding the pluses and minuses , it soon becomes apparent which of the remaining six places we ought to go to visit for a final decision .
by adding the pluses and minuses , it soon becomes apparent which of the [staying] six places we ought to go to visit for a final decision .

The final choice probably comes down to just one of the two remaining places .
the final choice probably comes down to just one of the two [staying] places .

Hence commissioners are likely to try to minimize conflict , in order to improve their chances of remaining in office , and they are likely to go for `` quiet life `` options to gain non-pecuniary income .
hence commissioners are likely to try to minimize conflict , in order to improve their chances of [staying] in office , and they are likely to go for `` quiet life `` options to gain non-pecuniary income .

The extent of the disaster was kept from the remaining drivers , particularly Levagh 's team-mates Moss and Fangio but at two o'clock in the morning , orders were received by the Mercedes team-manager Alfred Neubauer , direct from the German factory , to pull all their cars out of the race .
the extent of the disaster was kept from the [staying] drivers , particularly levagh 's team-mates moss and fangio but at two o'clock in the morning , orders were received by the mercedes team-manager alfred neubauer , direct from the german factory , to pull all their cars out of the race .

John Surtees ' record has not been threatened since he won the world drivers title in 1964 . And he looks like remaining the only two- and four-wheeled world champion for quite some time … unless Joey Dunlop , Eddie Lawson or Wayne Gardner have other ideas !
john surtees ' record has not been threatened since he won the world drivers title in 1964 . and he looks like [staying] the only two- and four-wheeled world champion for quite some time … unless joey dunlop , eddie lawson or wayne gardner have other ideas !

When her father retired she and her sisters begged him to rake a bungalow up the coast , but he insisted on remaining in Odborough , choosing this house from where he can see , half a mile away , the roof and chimney of the shop where he made his money .
when her father retired she and her sisters begged him to rake a bungalow up the coast , but he insisted on [staying] in odborough , choosing this house from where he can see , half a mile away , the roof and chimney of the shop where he made his money .

For example , Just and Carpenter [ 1987 ] showed that typically only 68 % of the words may be fixated during normal reading , suggesting that higher level knowledge must contribute to the processing of remaining 32 % .
for example , just and carpenter [ 1987 ] showed that typically only 68 % of the words may be fixated during normal reading , suggesting that higher level knowledge must contribute to the processing of [staying] 32 % .

Five experimental words were chosen ; four of which had four senses and the remaining word three .
five experimental words were chosen ; four of which had four senses and the [staying] word three .

Example words remaining :
example words [staying] :

However , in its simplest form , this technique results in words having one single sense definition remaining .
however , in its simplest form , this technique results in words having one single sense definition [staying] .

Clarence had been given the honour of Richmond in 1462 ; or , more strictly , had been given the two thirds then in the crown 's possession and the reversion of the remaining third on the death of the dowager duchess of Bedford .
clarence had been given the honour of richmond in 1462 ; or , more strictly , had been given the two thirds then in the crown 's possession and the reversion of the [staying] third on the death of the dowager duchess of bedford .

In 1471 the Neville share passed to Gloucester , with Warwick 's tail male lands , and he also took possession of the remaining third in 1472 when the reversion fell in .
in 1471 the neville share passed to gloucester , with warwick 's tail male lands , and he also took possession of the [staying] third in 1472 when the reversion fell in .

The remaining land had come to Clarence by the forfeiture of Thomas lord Roos , although dower rights had prevented him enjoying Helmsley itself .
the [staying] land had come to clarence by the forfeiture of thomas lord roos , although dower rights had prevented him enjoying helmsley itself .

Alterations to the original building have been largely cosmetic , although some of the remaining part of the wall over the lobby has been converted to a most attractive glazed bay .
alterations to the original building have been largely cosmetic , although some of the [staying] part of the wall over the lobby has been converted to a most attractive glazed bay .

Promoted to a senior lectureship in 1973 and to his professorship in German some 10 years later , he was one of the few remaining full-time members of the staff to have witnessed not only the coming of age of the University , but also the massive expansion of the Modern Languages Department and its impressive rise to prominence as an exponent of the applied approach to the teaching of languages , involving a marked shift of emphasis from a near exclusive preoccupation with literary studies in one foreign language to the development of communication skills in at least two .
promoted to a senior lectureship in 1973 and to his professorship in german some 10 years later , he was one of the few [staying] full-time members of the staff to have witnessed not only the coming of age of the university , but also the massive expansion of the modern languages department and its impressive rise to prominence as an exponent of the applied approach to the teaching of languages , involving a marked shift of emphasis from a near exclusive preoccupation with literary studies in one foreign language to the development of communication skills in at least two .

Often based in a pub , members paid weekly contributions , received small benefits when sick , and the sum remaining in the fund was divided among all members at Christmas .
often based in a pub , members paid weekly contributions , received small benefits when sick , and the sum [staying] in the fund was divided among all members at christmas .

The only remaining qualification for office and for voting was twelve months residence in the area covered by the Union .
the only [staying] qualification for office and for voting was twelve months residence in the area covered by the union .

In 1913 the Poor Law Institutions Order prohibited children between the ages of three and sixteen from remaining in a general mixed workhouse for more than six weeks .
in 1913 the poor law institutions order prohibited children between the ages of three and sixteen from [staying] in a general mixed workhouse for more than six weeks .

Nevertheless he had to move cautiously , aware of the considerable prospective opposition from the remaining Gladstonians on his own backbenches , from the Conservatives , and from the Lords .
nevertheless he had to move cautiously , aware of the considerable prospective opposition from the [staying] gladstonians on his own backbenches , from the conservatives , and from the lords .

The remaining three articles offer personal perspectives on childhood and the process of learning in the family .
the [staying] three articles offer personal perspectives on childhood and the process of learning in the family .

It may also be asked — and it is being asked with increasing urgency-whether this family that has been described is not the one remaining institution that prevents women from fully developing as individual personalities ?
it may also be asked — and it is being asked with increasing urgency-whether this family that has been described is not the one [staying] institution that prevents women from fully developing as individual personalities ?

The remaining readings in this section tackle the same basic question , about the quality of learning environments experienced by children in familial and extra-familial settings , but from a very different starting point .
the [staying] readings in this section tackle the same basic question , about the quality of learning environments experienced by children in familial and extra-familial settings , but from a very different starting point .

It may take drastic discontinuities , of the kind described above , to highlight the fact that the environment over a period must be taken into account before one can attempt to predict the course of personality development , yet children reared under normal home circumstances are generally regarded as remaining under such constant environmental conditions that this consideration does not hold .
it may take drastic discontinuities , of the kind described above , to highlight the fact that the environment over a period must be taken into account before one can attempt to predict the course of personality development , yet children reared under normal home circumstances are generally regarded as [staying] under such constant environmental conditions that this consideration does not hold .

The remaining units comprise maternal and neonatal nursing , paediatric nursing , geriatric nursing , mental health nursing , community health nursing , emergency nursing , dying , death and hospice care .
the [staying] units comprise maternal and neonatal nursing , paediatric nursing , geriatric nursing , mental health nursing , community health nursing , emergency nursing , dying , death and hospice care .

Of the remaining 176 ( 38 per cent ) , 16 had been present for 20–45 years and two for an astonishing 50 years .
of the [staying] 176 ( 38 per cent ) , 16 had been present for 20–45 years and two for an astonishing 50 years .

More female patients had rheumatoid arthritis , but in the remaining three conditions , the proportion of men was greater , reaffirming that men appear to be more likely than women to have ischaemic ulcers .
more female patients had rheumatoid arthritis , but in the [staying] three conditions , the proportion of men was greater , reaffirming that men appear to be more likely than women to have ischaemic ulcers .

The remaining 7 per cent of ulcers were cleaned with antiseptics ( 29 ) and Aserbine lotion ( 2 ) .
the [staying] 7 per cent of ulcers were cleaned with antiseptics ( 29 ) and aserbine lotion ( 2 ) .

During the absence of the Iwakura Mission , 1871–73 , remaining government members , led by Saigó Takamori and Itagaki Taisuke , resolved on a military expedition to the peninsula .
during the absence of the iwakura mission , 1871–73 , [staying] government members , led by saigó takamori and itagaki taisuke , resolved on a military expedition to the peninsula .

‘ The age structure of our customers as provided by the latest survey is as follows — approximately 50 % of them are over 40 years ; some 25 % are in the 20–40 age group ; while the remaining 25 % are aged below 20 years .
‘ the age structure of our customers as provided by the latest survey is as follows — approximately 50 % of them are over 40 years ; some 25 % are in the 20–40 age group ; while the [staying] 25 % are aged below 20 years .

Of the under 20s — 40 % are aged under 11 ; 10 % are in the 11–14 age bracket ; 25 % are 14–17 ; and the remaining 25 % are aged 17–20 years .
of the under 20s — 40 % are aged under 11 ; 10 % are in the 11–14 age bracket ; 25 % are 14–17 ; and the [staying] 25 % are aged 17–20 years .

An association is , in principle , non-profit making and its constitution must , of course , deal with the manner of conduct of the services and other activities and the members ' , participation and financial contribution and the distribution of any capital remaining in hand upon the dissolution of the association .
an association is , in principle , non-profit making and its constitution must , of course , deal with the manner of conduct of the services and other activities and the members ' , participation and financial contribution and the distribution of any capital [staying] in hand upon the dissolution of the association .

The statute only vests in the agency ( with some exceptions ) the state-owned assets of such former state enterprises which have already been converted into companies ; further , such part of the equity of other companies which was vested in the state before coming into force of the statute of conversion and which are still in state ownership ; finally , assets remaining in state ownership after the liquidation of state enterprises and any other assets which are from time to time vested in the agency by separate legislation or a resolution of parliament .
the statute only vests in the agency ( with some exceptions ) the state-owned assets of such former state enterprises which have already been converted into companies ; further , such part of the equity of other companies which was vested in the state before coming into force of the statute of conversion and which are still in state ownership ; finally , assets [staying] in state ownership after the liquidation of state enterprises and any other assets which are from time to time vested in the agency by separate legislation or a resolution of parliament .

That is why we offer a special Protection Plan which ensures that the repayments are made for up to 12 months in the case of unemployment , and for up to the remaining period of the loan for accident and sickness .
that is why we offer a special protection plan which ensures that the repayments are made for up to 12 months in the case of unemployment , and for up to the [staying] period of the loan for accident and sickness .

The benefit is payable monthly after 15 consecutive days absence from work , during the continued period of absence , for up to 12 months in respect of unemployment , and for up to the remaining period of the loan in respect of disability .
the benefit is payable monthly after 15 consecutive days absence from work , during the continued period of absence , for up to 12 months in respect of unemployment , and for up to the [staying] period of the loan in respect of disability .

Under the Plan , your repayments are covered for a maximum period of 12 months if you become unemployed , and for the remaining term of the loan if you are unable to work because of sickness or an accident .
under the plan , your repayments are covered for a maximum period of 12 months if you become unemployed , and for the [staying] term of the loan if you are unable to work because of sickness or an accident .

The benefit is payable monthly after fifteen days absence from work , during the continued period of absence , for up to twelve months in respect of unemployment , and for up to the remaining period of the loan in respect of disability .
the benefit is payable monthly after fifteen days absence from work , during the continued period of absence , for up to twelve months in respect of unemployment , and for up to the [staying] period of the loan in respect of disability .

The Second Reading was carried on 12 March 1956 by 286 votes to 262 , a majority of twenty four , and passed through all its remaining stages in the Commons , before being heavily defeated once more in the Lords .
the second reading was carried on 12 march 1956 by 286 votes to 262 , a majority of twenty four , and passed through all its [staying] stages in the commons , before being heavily defeated once more in the lords .

Joining the House of Lords as a life peer only in 1963 , he became Lord Chancellor in the following year when the Labour Administration was formed , remaining in office until 1970 .
joining the house of lords as a life peer only in 1963 , he became lord chancellor in the following year when the labour administration was formed , [staying] in office until 1970 .

The remaining eight , including the hapless chairman , disagreed .
the [staying] eight , including the hapless chairman , disagreed .

Conceptually it was tempting to argue that greater flexibility would allow the sentencing court more discretion if it concluded that full suspension could not be justified , but that a brief experience of imprisonment might have some deterrent effect without first offenders remaining long enough in prison to become acclimatized .
conceptually it was tempting to argue that greater flexibility would allow the sentencing court more discretion if it concluded that full suspension could not be justified , but that a brief experience of imprisonment might have some deterrent effect without first offenders [staying] long enough in prison to become acclimatized .

Some will be restored to running the exhibition condition , the remaining vehicles being used for component parts .
some will be restored to running the exhibition condition , the [staying] vehicles being used for component parts .

Those remaining — nearly 350 — will carry out a variety of functions including work on the purchase and sales of Intervention beef and the Beef Special Premium Scheme .
those [staying] — nearly 350 — will carry out a variety of functions including work on the purchase and sales of intervention beef and the beef special premium scheme .

Make topping : Cream the sugar and fat and stir in the remaining ingredients .
make topping : cream the sugar and fat and stir in the [staying] ingredients .

Cover with the remaining mixture .
cover with the [staying] mixture .

Cream remaining margarine and sugar together , beat in the whisked eggs , and stir in the flour with sufficient milk to make a soft , dropping consistency .
cream [staying] margarine and sugar together , beat in the whisked eggs , and stir in the flour with sufficient milk to make a soft , dropping consistency .

Immediately afterwards , the market price of the remaining debt nearly doubled , leaving the total value virtually unchanged .
immediately afterwards , the market price of the [staying] debt nearly doubled , leaving the total value virtually unchanged .

According to Bloomfield ( 1939 ) and Kneale and Kneale ( 1962 ) , the remaining lack of explicitness necessitated the invention of formal languages of logic and mathematics ’ ( ibid . )
according to bloomfield ( 1939 ) and kneale and kneale ( 1962 ) , the [staying] lack of explicitness necessitated the invention of formal languages of logic and mathematics ’ ( ibid . )

More accurate measurement of the risk factors may explain some of the remaining differences in sickness absence but other factors , as yet unrecognised , are likely to be important .
more accurate measurement of the risk factors may explain some of the [staying] differences in sickness absence but other factors , as yet unrecognised , are likely to be important .

Similarly , the remaining professional or technical staff are combined with administrative grades on the basis of salary .
similarly , the [staying] professional or technical staff are combined with administrative grades on the basis of salary .

One remaining concern is publication bias — that publication has favoured those trials with positive results .
one [staying] concern is publication bias — that publication has favoured those trials with positive results .

Most of the remaining papers dealt with therapy for single problems ( smoking and obesity ) , the results of which can hardly be generalised .
most of the [staying] papers dealt with therapy for single problems ( smoking and obesity ) , the results of which can hardly be generalised .

It was crucial to his remarkable success in winning the nomination of his party ; without that asset it is most unlikely that he would have secured his narrow victory over Gerald Ford , but it was his insistence on remaining an outsider in spirit that limited his accomplishments in office .
it was crucial to his remarkable success in winning the nomination of his party ; without that asset it is most unlikely that he would have secured his narrow victory over gerald ford , but it was his insistence on [staying] an outsider in spirit that limited his accomplishments in office .

Reasonably careful consideration was given to cabinet appointments , and appointments at the sub-cabinet level were also subject to vetting , but responsibility for selecting the remaining 2,000 political appointees was delegated to cabinet members .
reasonably careful consideration was given to cabinet appointments , and appointments at the sub-cabinet level were also subject to vetting , but responsibility for selecting the [staying] 2,000 political appointees was delegated to cabinet members .

Of more relevance here are the criticisms of those who argue that Reagan , in reality , fell far short of his declared policy purposes , or who point to the thinness of his legislative record in the remaining three years of his first term .
of more relevance here are the criticisms of those who argue that reagan , in reality , fell far short of his declared policy purposes , or who point to the thinness of his legislative record in the [staying] three years of his first term .

It certainly is the case that the Reagan administration was never able to duplicate the domestic policy triumphs of 1981 in the remaining three years of the first term .
it certainly is the case that the reagan administration was never able to duplicate the domestic policy triumphs of 1981 in the [staying] three years of the first term .

This involves combined action by hospital providers , who have fulfilled their contracts with a quarter of the year remaining , and general practitioners , who as a consequence are unable to obtain hospital treatment for their patients , to put pressure on health authorities to increase the resources available to acute services .
this involves combined action by hospital providers , who have fulfilled their contracts with a quarter of the year [staying] , and general practitioners , who as a consequence are unable to obtain hospital treatment for their patients , to put pressure on health authorities to increase the resources available to acute services .

The remaining students were excluded from the analysis .
the [staying] students were excluded from the analysis .

The remaining variables were measured on a five point Likert scale .
the [staying] variables were measured on a five point likert scale .

The proportion of students remaining never smokers at first follow up and at second follow up was assessed .
the proportion of students [staying] never smokers at first follow up and at second follow up was assessed .

The bill will see all remaining forms of tobacco advertising phased out by the end of 1995 .
the bill will see all [staying] forms of tobacco advertising phased out by the end of 1995 .

If the actions taken are brutal not only does the performance of the remaining staff deteriorate but the level of staff turnover also increases dramatically once good times return .
if the actions taken are brutal not only does the performance of the [staying] staff deteriorate but the level of staff turnover also increases dramatically once good times return .

One impending move is the closure of the last remaining ward in Worksop 's old Victoria Hospital .
one impending move is the closure of the last [staying] ward in worksop 's old victoria hospital .

Normally it is of the second magnitude , just about equal to the Pole Star , but every 2½ days it gives a long , slow wink , taking four hours to fade down below the third magnitude and remaining at minimum for a mere 20 minutes before starting to recover — after which nothing more happens for the next 2½ days .
normally it is of the second magnitude , just about equal to the pole star , but every 2½ days it gives a long , slow wink , taking four hours to fade down below the third magnitude and [staying] at minimum for a mere 20 minutes before starting to recover — after which nothing more happens for the next 2½ days .

These are stars which flare up suddenly from near-invisibility to prominence , remaining bright for a few days , weeks or months before fading again .
these are stars which flare up suddenly from near-invisibility to prominence , [staying] bright for a few days , weeks or months before fading again .

Incidentally , Dubhe and Alkaid are moving across the sky in a direction opposite to that of the remaining five stars , so that over a sufficiently long period the Plough will lose its familiar shape .
incidentally , dubhe and alkaid are moving across the sky in a direction opposite to that of the [staying] five stars , so that over a sufficiently long period the plough will lose its familiar shape .

The level of performance expected for these remaining primary functions is :
the level of performance expected for these [staying] primary functions is :

Additional Lexicographers , Workload Remaining the Same
additional lexicographers , workload [staying] the same

The remaining bit positions in the destination are either all left unchanged or all set to zero ( the latter being equivalent to logical `` And `` ) .
the [staying] bit positions in the destination are either all left unchanged or all set to zero ( the latter being equivalent to logical `` and `` ) .

On such a stack-oriented computer an operand can be transferred from a store location to the top element of the stack ( pushing down all previously entered operands ) , and the contents of the top element of the stack can be copied to a store location , the top element remaining on the stack or being deleted , moving up all earlier elements ; the former is more akin to the conventional `` store `` operation , although the latter is more common .
on such a stack-oriented computer an operand can be transferred from a store location to the top element of the stack ( pushing down all previously entered operands ) , and the contents of the top element of the stack can be copied to a store location , the top element [staying] on the stack or being deleted , moving up all earlier elements ; the former is more akin to the conventional `` store `` operation , although the latter is more common .

Of the remaining three types of modification , it is the first and second which have been found to be associated with children 's differential rates of progress ( Cross , 1978 ; Ellis , 1978 ) .
of the [staying] three types of modification , it is the first and second which have been found to be associated with children 's differential rates of progress ( cross , 1978 ; ellis , 1978 ) .

If the letters `` commencE `` had been identified , then the remaining letter would not be in doubt , at least for the skilled reader .
if the letters `` commence `` had been identified , then the [staying] letter would not be in doubt , at least for the skilled reader .

The remaining points must be considered more briefly .
the [staying] points must be considered more briefly .

Stepping to one side , he looked at the three remaining servants , and said , `` That will be all , thank you . ``
stepping to one side , he looked at the three [staying] servants , and said , `` that will be all , thank you . ``

Algebraic quantities remaining essentially unchanged under a change in coordinates are important in coordinatised geometry since they correspond to intrinsic geometric properties .
algebraic quantities [staying] essentially unchanged under a change in coordinates are important in coordinatised geometry since they correspond to intrinsic geometric properties .

It may not be much more than forty per cent of the voters , leaving the non-voters and the remaining sixty per cent of those who took part in the election to be governed by an administration which is not of their choosing .
it may not be much more than forty per cent of the voters , leaving the non-voters and the [staying] sixty per cent of those who took part in the election to be governed by an administration which is not of their choosing .

He adds , meaningfully , `` In all well-ordered kingdoms , this custom is yet remaining . ``
he adds , meaningfully , `` in all well-ordered kingdoms , this custom is yet [staying] . ``

People were deemed to consent to the system of government they were born under when they came of age by virtue of the fact of their remaining within that particular society .
people were deemed to consent to the system of government they were born under when they came of age by virtue of the fact of their [staying] within that particular society .

In the remaining insects only the basal segment contains muscles , Johnston 's organ is present and increase in the number of segments occurs through division of the 3rd segment or sometimes also of some or all of the more distal segments .
in the [staying] insects only the basal segment contains muscles , johnston 's organ is present and increase in the number of segments occurs through division of the 3rd segment or sometimes also of some or all of the more distal segments .

The remaining three segments bear the mandibles , maxillae and labium .
the [staying] three segments bear the mandibles , maxillae and labium .

The classical view was that progression occurred in a zigzag fashion by movements of the legs in two alternating groups , the fore and hind legs of one side and the mid leg of the other side being moved forward simultaneously while the insect is balanced on a `` tripod of support `` formed by the remaining three legs .
the classical view was that progression occurred in a zigzag fashion by movements of the legs in two alternating groups , the fore and hind legs of one side and the mid leg of the other side being moved forward simultaneously while the insect is balanced on a `` tripod of support `` formed by the [staying] three legs .

The fibrillar asynchronous indirect flight-muscles of Diptera , Hymenoptera and Coleoptera have a reduced sarcoplasmic reticulum whereas the synchronous flight-muscles of other orders and the remaining skeletal muscles of all insects have both systems well developed .
the fibrillar asynchronous indirect flight-muscles of diptera , hymenoptera and coleoptera have a reduced sarcoplasmic reticulum whereas the synchronous flight-muscles of other orders and the [staying] skeletal muscles of all insects have both systems well developed .

Two LEAs provided six schools each and there were four schools from each of the remaining LEAs .
two leas provided six schools each and there were four schools from each of the [staying] leas .

The conversion of fractions to decimals is a requirement for effective use of the calculator , and a further calculator question about the wages received for a 37½ hour week produced evidence that a number of pupils worked out the wages for a 37 hour week using the calculator and then made , or tried to make , a pencil and paper calculation for the remaining half hour 's money .
the conversion of fractions to decimals is a requirement for effective use of the calculator , and a further calculator question about the wages received for a 37½ hour week produced evidence that a number of pupils worked out the wages for a 37 hour week using the calculator and then made , or tried to make , a pencil and paper calculation for the [staying] half hour 's money .

Without a grid covering the shape , success rates for area or for counting squares fell to between 35–65 per cent for the bottom band , and there was generally some reduction for the remaining pupils .
without a grid covering the shape , success rates for area or for counting squares fell to between 35–65 per cent for the bottom band , and there was generally some reduction for the [staying] pupils .

If a large part of consciousness is ignored in the mentioned audacious way , and the logico-linguistic criterion is used to discriminate the remaining part , it gives us no analysis or understanding of that remaining part .
if a large part of consciousness is ignored in the mentioned audacious way , and the logico-linguistic criterion is used to discriminate the [staying] part , it gives us no analysis or understanding of that [staying] part .

We had a small walled garden and oblong of grass and , though Father kept a long side bed gay with red geraniums , white marguerites and blue lobelia , capable of standing up to the odd cricket ball and the games we children were able to play in the few remaining square yards behind beggared description but we had the whole Heath beyond .
we had a small walled garden and oblong of grass and , though father kept a long side bed gay with red geraniums , white marguerites and blue lobelia , capable of standing up to the odd cricket ball and the games we children were able to play in the few [staying] square yards behind beggared description but we had the whole heath beyond .

Even if a `` bill `` succeeds at this stage , there is no further time allocated for the remaining stages and so , unless the Government gives up some of its time , the bill will not proceed further .
even if a `` bill `` succeeds at this stage , there is no further time allocated for the [staying] stages and so , unless the government gives up some of its time , the bill will not proceed further .

Observations show that they persist in waking periodically , even if remaining quiet , and the establishment of uninterrupted night-time sleep is uncommon before three months of age .
observations show that they persist in waking periodically , even if [staying] quiet , and the establishment of uninterrupted night-time sleep is uncommon before three months of age .

Later , any letter after the first can begin the next word but then the new word must include all the remaining letters :
later , any letter after the first can begin the next word but then the new word must include all the [staying] letters :

On the other hand , she could stick to her original plan , working like a slave but remaining faithful to Andrew in her heart .
on the other hand , she could stick to her original plan , working like a slave but [staying] faithful to andrew in her heart .

The men saw no advantage in Edinburgh remaining a centre of work if they were no longer sure of earning a living wage there .
the men saw no advantage in edinburgh [staying] a centre of work if they were no longer sure of earning a living wage there .

The remaining employers , during the negotiations which followed the mass meeting of 31 August and the threat of a strike , were still sticking at a compromise formula , one which Amelia McLean , putting the women 's case in The Vote , said she was prepared to accept , viz : a five-year ban on women entrants from 1 January 1911 , and the establishment of a 50 per cent distribution of Monotype keyboards between men and women .
the [staying] employers , during the negotiations which followed the mass meeting of 31 august and the threat of a strike , were still sticking at a compromise formula , one which amelia mclean , putting the women 's case in the vote , said she was prepared to accept , viz : a five-year ban on women entrants from 1 january 1911 , and the establishment of a 50 per cent distribution of monotype keyboards between men and women .

Weakened by the capitulation of some of the bigger firms , the remaining master printers conceded their last point , about the machines .
weakened by the capitulation of some of the bigger firms , the [staying] master printers conceded their last point , about the machines .

Extrapolating from the known dates of birth , it is possible that as many as 75 per cent of the women employed in 1910 were then aged between 14 and 23 , the remaining 25 per cent being between 24 and 43 or older .
extrapolating from the known dates of birth , it is possible that as many as 75 per cent of the women employed in 1910 were then aged between 14 and 23 , the [staying] 25 per cent being between 24 and 43 or older .

Of the remaining 51 fathers , 15 worked either on the railway in some capacity ( as signalman , guard , driver etc . )
of the [staying] 51 fathers , 15 worked either on the railway in some capacity ( as signalman , guard , driver etc . )

Alice also said it would be a good thing if all the rubbish remaining in No .
alice also said it would be a good thing if all the rubbish [staying] in no .

The librarian selected the remaining titles and filled in all the order forms .
the librarian selected the [staying] titles and filled in all the order forms .

Young people do not miss out on Compact opportunities by remaining in education .
young people do not miss out on compact opportunities by [staying] in education .

She cared about surviving , about remaining very still and suffering , enduring , holding on until the train reached Chancery Lane .
she cared about surviving , about [staying] very still and suffering , enduring , holding on until the train reached chancery lane .

Remaining in the car was a large dress-shop bag , made of thick , strong paper with some kind of dark blue lacquer coating and a picture of a woman in unidentifiable national costume .
[staying] in the car was a large dress-shop bag , made of thick , strong paper with some kind of dark blue lacquer coating and a picture of a woman in unidentifiable national costume .

His wife taught the remaining pupils , three seventeen-year-olds , and , as if she had only postponed death until her duties were done , she died of a heart attack at the end of July , the day after the last girls left .
his wife taught the [staying] pupils , three seventeen-year-olds , and , as if she had only postponed death until her duties were done , she died of a heart attack at the end of july , the day after the last girls left .

Possibilities remaining were pink , lime green , orange and mauve .
possibilities [staying] were pink , lime green , orange and mauve .

Beat together with the remaining ingredients to form a paste .
beat together with the [staying] ingredients to form a paste .

Fold up the sides of the pastry , then top with two of the remaining pastry sheets to enclose the salmon completely .
fold up the sides of the pastry , then top with two of the [staying] pastry sheets to enclose the salmon completely .

Cut the remaining sheet of pastry into diamond shapes and scatter over the top .
cut the [staying] sheet of pastry into diamond shapes and scatter over the top .

Add the remaining ingredients to the glaze and press onto the fat .
add the [staying] ingredients to the glaze and press onto the fat .

Mix in remaining ingredients ; season .
mix in [staying] ingredients ; season .

Prick the log all over with a fine skewer and drizzle over the remaining Cointreau .
prick the log all over with a fine skewer and drizzle over the [staying] cointreau .

Fold in the remaining cream with a large metal spoon .
fold in the [staying] cream with a large metal spoon .

In a large bowl , mix with the remaining dried fruit .
in a large bowl , mix with the [staying] dried fruit .

Roll the remaining truffles in either the nuts , the coconut , the chocolate strands or the cocoa until evenly coated .
roll the [staying] truffles in either the nuts , the coconut , the chocolate strands or the cocoa until evenly coated .

Meanwhile , break up the remaining plain dark chocolate for coating and place in a small bowl with the cream .
meanwhile , break up the [staying] plain dark chocolate for coating and place in a small bowl with the cream .

Brush an edged baking sheet with the remaining butter .
brush an edged baking sheet with the [staying] butter .

Serve with the remaining sauce .
serve with the [staying] sauce .

Declare your home a football-fan-free zone and throw wild parties for your remaining friends .
declare your home a football-fan-free zone and throw wild parties for your [staying] friends .

The inevitable comparison with Horowitz followed , though from the start Gavrilov was his own man , nurturing and projecting a style and brilliance all his own and remaining true to his own lights thoroughout his mercurial career .
the inevitable comparison with horowitz followed , though from the start gavrilov was his own man , nurturing and projecting a style and brilliance all his own and [staying] true to his own lights thoroughout his mercurial career .

Of the remaining items , the charming and fastidious Bagatelles by Gerald Finzi sound refreshingly inventive in this new version , but for entertainment of a more unbridled nature , one need only sample the Horovitz or Arnold Sonatinas to appreciate the good-humoured ribaldry of this skilled playing .
of the [staying] items , the charming and fastidious bagatelles by gerald finzi sound refreshingly inventive in this new version , but for entertainment of a more unbridled nature , one need only sample the horovitz or arnold sonatinas to appreciate the good-humoured ribaldry of this skilled playing .

The remaining songs are mostly of a more cheerful nature , sometimes with an occasional function .
the [staying] songs are mostly of a more cheerful nature , sometimes with an occasional function .

The Housing Act 1988 gave further encouragement to the breakup of the large housing estates remaining under local authority control .
the housing act 1988 gave further encouragement to the breakup of the large housing estates [staying] under local authority control .

In this section , we shall shift our attention to the two remaining strata of our model , the middle and working classes .
in this section , we shall shift our attention to the two [staying] strata of our model , the middle and working classes .

The two remaining divers were washed safely ashore north of Eyemouth .
the two [staying] divers were washed safely ashore north of eyemouth .

Undaunted the helicopter crew managed to recover the remaining survivors in very difficult conditions , and will all four survivors aboard the helicopter the remaining tow line was cut and the lifeboat set off to the north east to return to her station .
undaunted the helicopter crew managed to recover the [staying] survivors in very difficult conditions , and will all four survivors aboard the helicopter the [staying] tow line was cut and the lifeboat set off to the north east to return to her station .

The British public , during the remaining twelve years of his life , was never quite able to make up its mind whether William Joyce was a joke or a threat .
the british public , during the [staying] twelve years of his life , was never quite able to make up its mind whether william joyce was a joke or a threat .

Joyce described the predicament of his followers , whose political obligations grew irreconcilable in the two remaining years of peace :
joyce described the predicament of his followers , whose political obligations grew irreconcilable in the two [staying] years of peace :

Once in Ireland , they could wait and see how the situation developed , either remaining there or finding a way to Germany in order to fight for National Socialism against Bolshevism .
once in ireland , they could wait and see how the situation developed , either [staying] there or finding a way to germany in order to fight for national socialism against bolshevism .

Yoshida desired a peace treaty as soon as possible ; he recognised that a treaty would probably involve American forces remaining to verify compliance with the treaty and indicated the willingness of the Japanese government to meet American wishes .
yoshida desired a peace treaty as soon as possible ; he recognised that a treaty would probably involve american forces [staying] to verify compliance with the treaty and indicated the willingness of the japanese government to meet american wishes .

At the top of the house , one of the remaining two bedrooms has been turned into a studio where Geoff spends many hours playing music .
at the top of the house , one of the [staying] two bedrooms has been turned into a studio where geoff spends many hours playing music .

Use scissors to trim the remaining leaves .
use scissors to trim the [staying] leaves .

Repeat with the remaining pastry and filling .
repeat with the [staying] pastry and filling .

Brush with the remaining butter and bake in a pre-heated oven for 20 min .
brush with the [staying] butter and bake in a pre-heated oven for 20 min .

For the remaining 47 % he turned to the Norwegian shipping magnate Fred Olsen who coughed up a £12 million stake in the yards .
for the [staying] 47 % he turned to the norwegian shipping magnate fred olsen who coughed up a £12 million stake in the yards .

Crop rotations and equipment could not be exploited in some areas until enclosure removed the remaining open fields and increased farm size .
crop rotations and equipment could not be exploited in some areas until enclosure removed the [staying] open fields and increased farm size .

Introduced so hastily after the original abolition of flogging , and remaining on the statute book until judicial corporal punishment was ended as recently as 1948 , the Garotter 's Act was thus a historic landmark of reaction ; and it was quickly followed by measures to toughen prison discipline and to introduce a minimum penalty of five years of penal servitude for second offenders .
introduced so hastily after the original abolition of flogging , and [staying] on the statute book until judicial corporal punishment was ended as recently as 1948 , the garotter 's act was thus a historic landmark of reaction ; and it was quickly followed by measures to toughen prison discipline and to introduce a minimum penalty of five years of penal servitude for second offenders .

The remaining third live in Poole .
the [staying] third live in poole .

Purée and sieve remaining fruit , and pour over turned-out pudding before serving .
purée and sieve [staying] fruit , and pour over turned-out pudding before serving .

Finally take off half the length of the remaining stems in the case of large-flowered , and one-third for cluster-flowered roses .
finally take off half the length of the [staying] stems in the case of large-flowered , and one-third for cluster-flowered roses .

Pin , tack and stitch along the remaining three sides , including frill or piping , if using .
pin , tack and stitch along the [staying] three sides , including frill or piping , if using .

They react to the latest discoveries with blasé aplomb , remaining unruffled by theological controversy .
they react to the latest discoveries with blasé aplomb , [staying] unruffled by theological controversy .

Even the Church will today readily admit this , while remaining loath to relinquish many of the benefits obtained by the deception .
even the church will today readily admit this , while [staying] loath to relinquish many of the benefits obtained by the deception .

Only 27 per cent ( 153 ) of the Drugs Council users and 31 per cent ( 61 ) of those at the Detoxification Unit lived in their own accommodation , and all but a few of the remaining majority lived with parents or relatives ( 70 per cent at the Drugs Council , and 66 per cent at the Detoxification Unit ) .
only 27 per cent ( 153 ) of the drugs council users and 31 per cent ( 61 ) of those at the detoxification unit lived in their own accommodation , and all but a few of the [staying] majority lived with parents or relatives ( 70 per cent at the drugs council , and 66 per cent at the detoxification unit ) .

The remaining eight interviewees , all male , played a somewhat passive role in their initiation .
the [staying] eight interviewees , all male , played a somewhat passive role in their initiation .

For a further 20 per cent , the gap was between one month and six months and for the remaining 5 per cent it was over six months .
for a further 20 per cent , the gap was between one month and six months and for the [staying] 5 per cent it was over six months .

Of the remaining seven , three were imprisoned before they could contact the Council , two were afraid that they might be recognised walking into the Council 's offices , one had a ‘ habit so big ’ that he thought it would be a waste of time , and one had never heard of the service .
of the [staying] seven , three were imprisoned before they could contact the council , two were afraid that they might be recognised walking into the council 's offices , one had a ‘ habit so big ’ that he thought it would be a waste of time , and one had never heard of the service .

Each of the remaining 60,15 from each township , were asked whether they had been in contact with any of our list of ten agencies during the same prevalence study period .
each of the [staying] 60,15 from each township , were asked whether they had been in contact with any of our list of ten agencies during the same prevalence study period .

Remaining within the scope of the present instrument were only ‘ the performance of procedural acts of a merely formal nature , such as service of process , summonses or subpoenas abroad ’ .
[staying] within the scope of the present instrument were only ‘ the performance of procedural acts of a merely formal nature , such as service of process , summonses or subpoenas abroad ’ .

The tower , dating from 1789 , is the only remaining part of the original church which was rebuilt in 1892 .
the tower , dating from 1789 , is the only [staying] part of the original church which was rebuilt in 1892 .

Comparatively few elderly were remaining in hospital because of community care/social problems .
comparatively few elderly were [staying] in hospital because of community care/social problems .

It is the last remaining of four windmills which once stood in the town .
it is the last [staying] of four windmills which once stood in the town .

Now Thompsons of Alford is the only remaining millwright business in Lincolnshire .
now thompsons of alford is the only [staying] millwright business in lincolnshire .

There is still evidence of the moat which totally surrounded the abbey and in addition to the one remaining section of stonework there are several mounds covered in stinging nettles , indicating the extent of the foundations .
there is still evidence of the moat which totally surrounded the abbey and in addition to the one [staying] section of stonework there are several mounds covered in stinging nettles , indicating the extent of the foundations .

He gripped the remaining invoices between his thumb and forefinger in an attempt to judge their numbers .
he gripped the [staying] invoices between his thumb and forefinger in an attempt to judge their numbers .

’ He forked the remaining bit of sausage and dipped it into the runny egg yolk .
’ he forked the [staying] bit of sausage and dipped it into the runny egg yolk .

With less than twenty minutes of his shift remaining he had already decided on the clothes he would be wearing for the special occasion .
with less than twenty minutes of his shift [staying] he had already decided on the clothes he would be wearing for the special occasion .

Entrance to the remaining four is from a loggia at the back of the villa .
entrance to the [staying] four is from a loggia at the back of the villa .

Patients presenting with metastasis of unknown origin have a mean life expectancy of only four months so most diagnostic methods occupy a large proportion of the patient 's remaining life and identification of the primary site only rarely influences the choice of treatment .
patients presenting with metastasis of unknown origin have a mean life expectancy of only four months so most diagnostic methods occupy a large proportion of the patient 's [staying] life and identification of the primary site only rarely influences the choice of treatment .

We used discriminate analysis for the remaining results , with the primary diagnosis group as the dependent variable and entering the scores for antibody markers stepwise .
we used discriminate analysis for the [staying] results , with the primary diagnosis group as the dependent variable and entering the scores for antibody markers stepwise .

Among the remaining patients , computed tomography was helpful in 19 % , but unhelpful or wrong in 23 % .
among the [staying] patients , computed tomography was helpful in 19 % , but unhelpful or wrong in 23 % .

In the new pathway the formal lecture time was reduced to 60 % of the total available , the remaining time to be used by students to pursue topics that interested them .
in the new pathway the formal lecture time was reduced to 60 % of the total available , the [staying] time to be used by students to pursue topics that interested them .

Finally , interviewers are often hesitant to broach the question of one partner wishing to resign , so at interview we raise the issue and offer reassurance that should it ever occur the remaining partner would either also resign or take on the post full time .
finally , interviewers are often hesitant to broach the question of one partner wishing to resign , so at interview we raise the issue and offer reassurance that should it ever occur the [staying] partner would either also resign or take on the post full time .

The remaining job sharer intended to provide locum cover for her absent partner in order to provide continuity of care to patients and ensure the minimum of disruption to the practice .
the [staying] job sharer intended to provide locum cover for her absent partner in order to provide continuity of care to patients and ensure the minimum of disruption to the practice .

Scrape away remaining adhesive from the floor . Heat can help here too
scrape away [staying] adhesive from the floor . heat can help here too

Therefore £60 million of the additional income will be channelled into taxation , saving , and imports , with the remaining £40 million being spent on consumer goods and services produced in the domestic economy .
therefore £60 million of the additional income will be channelled into taxation , saving , and imports , with the [staying] £40 million being spent on consumer goods and services produced in the domestic economy .

They spent the remaining thirty minutes of the game yelling , ‘ Get home , you convict trash !
they spent the [staying] thirty minutes of the game yelling , ‘ get home , you convict trash !

The trauma underlying religion , which has been for long periods of time forgotten , remaining latent in the unconscious , was also a mixture of sexuality and aggression .
the trauma underlying religion , which has been for long periods of time forgotten , [staying] latent in the unconscious , was also a mixture of sexuality and aggression .

The move to withdraw is a calculated gamble by the agencies to provoke further debate about the future of Mar Lodge in the hope that a new initiative might overcome the remaining obstacles to securing the estate 's future .
the move to withdraw is a calculated gamble by the agencies to provoke further debate about the future of mar lodge in the hope that a new initiative might overcome the [staying] obstacles to securing the estate 's future .

In anything like calm weather either climb is a good bet , remaining in good condition far more often than many options of adjacent crags .
in anything like calm weather either climb is a good bet , [staying] in good condition far more often than many options of adjacent crags .

Exploration , forced by the paucity of lines remaining on natural rock , found the Rainbow to be a steep slab rather than a wall , and climbable after all .
exploration , forced by the paucity of lines [staying] on natural rock , found the rainbow to be a steep slab rather than a wall , and climbable after all .

The remaining lines to the right have all been climbed by various combinations of Newton , McGinley and Liz Wade .
the [staying] lines to the right have all been climbed by various combinations of newton , mcginley and liz wade .

The king tried to rally the city to his defence , but failed utterly and withdrew westwards with the Despensers and a few remaining friends .
the king tried to rally the city to his defence , but failed utterly and withdrew westwards with the despensers and a few [staying] friends .

Remaining parts of England , along with Wales , Scotland and Northern Ireland will start dry and bright with some sunshine .
[staying] parts of england , along with wales , scotland and northern ireland will start dry and bright with some sunshine .

With two matches remaining , any of East Anglia 's three leading counties could have taken the trophy , but Clark 's nerve held out as he stepped up to the mat with his last wood .
with two matches [staying] , any of east anglia 's three leading counties could have taken the trophy , but clark 's nerve held out as he stepped up to the mat with his last wood .

The triggers for Britain 's nuclear bombs were tested within their thick concrete walls and they housed the first experiments into radar.The buildings , on a remote spit of land on the Suffolk coast , may not be the oldest but they are certainly among the most historic and sinister in the ownership of the National Trust.They are on Orford Ness , a desolate wildlife haven , which has become the Trust 's latest acquisition at a cost of £3.5 million.Yesterday , in pouring rain and silence broken only by the eerie shriek of gulls , the buildings were shown to journalists for what is thought to be the first time since they were erected.Strands of barbed wire and a Ministry of Defence ‘ keep out ’ notice are now the only remaining evidence of the tight security , overseen by armed guards , which surrounded one of Britain 's most secret research establishments .
the triggers for britain 's nuclear bombs were tested within their thick concrete walls and they housed the first experiments into radar.the buildings , on a remote spit of land on the suffolk coast , may not be the oldest but they are certainly among the most historic and sinister in the ownership of the national trust.they are on orford ness , a desolate wildlife haven , which has become the trust 's latest acquisition at a cost of £3.5 million.yesterday , in pouring rain and silence broken only by the eerie shriek of gulls , the buildings were shown to journalists for what is thought to be the first time since they were erected.strands of barbed wire and a ministry of defence ‘ keep out ’ notice are now the only [staying] evidence of the tight security , overseen by armed guards , which surrounded one of britain 's most secret research establishments .

But , throughout his long career , he remained impervious to the explosions on the modern art front , remaining true to himself and evincing many similar characteristics to those of that earlier great East Anglian watercolourist John Sell Cotman , whom he greatly admired as , notably , in The Dales , 1961 .
but , throughout his long career , he remained impervious to the explosions on the modern art front , [staying] true to himself and evincing many similar characteristics to those of that earlier great east anglian watercolourist john sell cotman , whom he greatly admired as , notably , in the dales , 1961 .

The exact unexpired terms of long leases are not so critical , but details must be given of time remaining on shorter leases .
the exact unexpired terms of long leases are not so critical , but details must be given of time [staying] on shorter leases .

170 , were then placed here and there to represent the few remaining leaves .
170 , were then placed here and there to represent the few [staying] leaves .

Needing 76 off the last 20 overs and with five wickets in hand they were 35 short with six overs remaining when torrential rain called a halt .
needing 76 off the last 20 overs and with five wickets in hand they were 35 short with six overs [staying] when torrential rain called a halt .

Needing 76 off the last 20 overs and with five wickets in hand they were 35 short with six overs remaining when torrential rain called a halt .
needing 76 off the last 20 overs and with five wickets in hand they were 35 short with six overs [staying] when torrential rain called a halt .

The remaining web of streets was due for redevelopment — the standard solution to housing decay in the last couple of decades .
the [staying] web of streets was due for redevelopment — the standard solution to housing decay in the last couple of decades .

The remaining jobs , cleaning or semi-skilled work in small factories which are surviving the recession , pay pin-money wages that assume that someone else , a man , is the breadwinner .
the [staying] jobs , cleaning or semi-skilled work in small factories which are surviving the recession , pay pin-money wages that assume that someone else , a man , is the breadwinner .

Two officers whose term of secondment came to an end in the course of the year were replaced by promotions from within the Library 's staff , and it is intended that this pattern should continue when the remaining officer returns to the Scottish Office in due course .
two officers whose term of secondment came to an end in the course of the year were replaced by promotions from within the library 's staff , and it is intended that this pattern should continue when the [staying] officer returns to the scottish office in due course .

However , only Sally knew where the bridleway left the reservoir and headed to the pub , so she ensured she was in the lead at that point , and then promptly declared her race over as she would not risk galloping the remaining mile of road .
however , only sally knew where the bridleway left the reservoir and headed to the pub , so she ensured she was in the lead at that point , and then promptly declared her race over as she would not risk galloping the [staying] mile of road .

During October Year 41 , Sour Ltd was notified that , due to the death of Crowt Ltd 's managing director , who held 30% of the Ordinary Shares , the remaining directors were considering liquidating Crowt Ltd unless a buyer could be found for the shares previously held by the managing director .
during october year 41 , sour ltd was notified that , due to the death of crowt ltd 's managing director , who held 30% of the ordinary shares , the [staying] directors were considering liquidating crowt ltd unless a buyer could be found for the shares previously held by the managing director .

Once again the staff , in all areas of the Trust , responded splendidly during a period of uncertainty and great change and now very much look forward to the challenges of remaining an independent awarding body .
once again the staff , in all areas of the trust , responded splendidly during a period of uncertainty and great change and now very much look forward to the challenges of [staying] an independent awarding body .

The team was then challenged to achieve the productivity and drainage objectives of the two remaining horizontal wells with a single well .
the team was then challenged to achieve the productivity and drainage objectives of the two [staying] horizontal wells with a single well .

Remaining transferred courses ( the specific courses to be identified by consultation with centres ) .
[staying] transferred courses ( the specific courses to be identified by consultation with centres ) .

But , just as with the other two batches , centres have gone well beyond just the transfer of the remaining old courses into the new system and have proposed a large number of innovative courses and units for validation .
but , just as with the other two batches , centres have gone well beyond just the transfer of the [staying] old courses into the new system and have proposed a large number of innovative courses and units for validation .

To dispose of any remaining waste by approved routes .
to dispose of any [staying] waste by approved routes .

Many permutations do exist but as a general rule , the matching of items clause should apply where the remaining undamaged parts of a set or suite can still fulfill the role for which they were purchased .
many permutations do exist but as a general rule , the matching of items clause should apply where the [staying] undamaged parts of a set or suite can still fulfill the role for which they were purchased .

The long-running recession has meant that interest in these properties is low , but if they can be sold the cash raised will be put back into further improving the remaining operations .
the long-running recession has meant that interest in these properties is low , but if they can be sold the cash raised will be put back into further improving the [staying] operations .

an arrangement was entered into whereby the widow was to receive an income p.a of $ 5000 from her assets remaining in the business .
an arrangement was entered into whereby the widow was to receive an income p.a of $ 5000 from her assets [staying] in the business .

The club 's remaining fixtures for the year include an invitation day at Wolstanton Golf Club on 21 July .
the club 's [staying] fixtures for the year include an invitation day at wolstanton golf club on 21 july .

The Tribunal noted that Ulster Bank has committed itself to remaining the major centre for development of Information Technology and notes the Bank 's assurance that it will expand and improve the facilities .
the tribunal noted that ulster bank has committed itself to [staying] the major centre for development of information technology and notes the bank 's assurance that it will expand and improve the facilities .

To have a federation in which one of the parts is as much as eight-tenths of the whole and the other parts amount to no more than the remaining two-tenths is almost inconceivable .
to have a federation in which one of the parts is as much as eight-tenths of the whole and the other parts amount to no more than the [staying] two-tenths is almost inconceivable .

Almost every Council meeting has debated in some way how the profession can face the economic realities of the 1990s while remaining constant to the need to serve law and justice .
almost every council meeting has debated in some way how the profession can face the economic realities of the 1990s while [staying] constant to the need to serve law and justice .

The Securities and Investments Board put out a fact sheet to help any remaining investors who have grounds for complaint about their home income schemes but have so far taken no action .
the securities and investments board put out a fact sheet to help any [staying] investors who have grounds for complaint about their home income schemes but have so far taken no action .

‘ The shares were divided among three groups of managers — the 50 most senior , some 250 middle managers and the remaining 700 who were running large contracts , or a group of units .
‘ the shares were divided among three groups of managers — the 50 most senior , some 250 middle managers and the [staying] 700 who were running large contracts , or a group of units .

This year 's results tend to reinforce that view with exports to the former Eastern bloc remaining of limited significance at £82 million or less than 1 % of the total .
this year 's results tend to reinforce that view with exports to the former eastern bloc [staying] of limited significance at £82 million or less than 1 % of the total .

Of those which responded , 39 % indicated they were already doing business in the market with the remaining 61 % not involved .
of those which responded , 39 % indicated they were already doing business in the market with the [staying] 61 % not involved .

Three of the four blocks of flats are already occupied and the remaining block will be completed shortly .
three of the four blocks of flats are already occupied and the [staying] block will be completed shortly .

Demand grew for places in Philosophy , English Studies and the European languages ( French , German and Spanish ) , with combined degrees remaining popular .
demand grew for places in philosophy , english studies and the european languages ( french , german and spanish ) , with combined degrees [staying] popular .

While remaining guarded about the exact type of operation Shadowfax is considering , the partners are currently looking at sites and expect to open the first one within the year .
while [staying] guarded about the exact type of operation shadowfax is considering , the partners are currently looking at sites and expect to open the first one within the year .

Your letter of 7 November to the Director of Highways has been passed on in respect of the bus stop issues although the remaining matters will be dealt with directly .
your letter of 7 november to the director of highways has been passed on in respect of the bus stop issues although the [staying] matters will be dealt with directly .

The proportion of the land supply remaining undeveloped at the end of the five year period will then be available in the following five year period .
the proportion of the land supply [staying] undeveloped at the end of the five year period will then be available in the following five year period .

In the event of sickness/annual leave the remaining member of staff will cover from 8.15am until 4.55pm/4.05pm , with assistance from other section staff to cover breaks .
in the event of sickness/annual leave the [staying] member of staff will cover from 8.15am until 4.55pm/4.05pm , with assistance from other section staff to cover breaks .

The responsibility for the remaining four services would then be split between Carole Ann and Susan Horler , Typing Pool Supervisor .
the responsibility for the [staying] four services would then be split between carole ann and susan horler , typing pool supervisor .

There are still a ‘ few ’ leaves left just as the poet has but a little life remaining within him .
there are still a ‘ few ’ leaves left just as the poet has but a little life [staying] within him .

Lear imposes himself as a burden on his two remaining daughters by expecting them how to look after him and his retinue in his old age .
lear imposes himself as a burden on his two [staying] daughters by expecting them how to look after him and his retinue in his old age .

Remaining items would be covered under the Agenda for the present meeting .
[staying] items would be covered under the agenda for the present meeting .

The Doctor threw the remaining roast chestnuts , which he 'd barely touched , into the river .
the doctor threw the [staying] roast chestnuts , which he 'd barely touched , into the river .

Thomas was eager to continue to the castle where the one remaining shapechanger could be found , and his mission completed .
thomas was eager to continue to the castle where the one [staying] shapechanger could be found , and his mission completed .

Although he was pleased that they had managed to set everything up on time , he continued to mutter about the remaining android being alive , threatening them from somewhere on the planet .
although he was pleased that they had managed to set everything up on time , he continued to mutter about the [staying] android being alive , threatening them from somewhere on the planet .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general courses available .
the [staying] two modules may be selected , with the approval of the course director , from amongst the general courses available .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general list available .
the [staying] two modules may be selected , with the approval of the course director , from amongst the general list available .

The remaining module may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from the general list available .
the [staying] module may be selected , with the approval of the course director , from the general list available .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general list available .
the [staying] two modules may be selected , with the approval of the course director , from amongst the general list available .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general list available .
the [staying] two modules may be selected , with the approval of the course director , from amongst the general list available .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director .
the [staying] two modules may be selected , with the approval of the course director .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general list available .
the [staying] two modules may be selected , with the approval of the course director , from amongst the general list available .

The remaining two modules may be selected , with the approval of the Course Director , from amongst the general list available .
the [staying] two modules may be selected , with the approval of the course director , from amongst the general list available .

‘ You , the last remaining of my First Hierarchy of Hell .
‘ you , the last [staying] of my first hierarchy of hell .

‘ He dictated Elvis 's every action , whilst remaining invisible and all knowing .
‘ he dictated elvis 's every action , whilst [staying] invisible and all knowing .

‘ This room , that watercooler , the desk , and that … ’ He points a finger at my unspeakable carpet , which had escaped mention for many chapters and would continue to do so for those remaining .
‘ this room , that watercooler , the desk , and that … ’ he points a finger at my unspeakable carpet , which had escaped mention for many chapters and would continue to do so for those [staying] .

Then someone called out , in that half-loud , half-soft way of someone who wants to make themselves heard while at the same time remaining as quiet as possible .
then someone called out , in that half-loud , half-soft way of someone who wants to make themselves heard while at the same time [staying] as quiet as possible .

Nikos looked at him with scorn , scooped up the remaining papers and went out .
nikos looked at him with scorn , scooped up the [staying] papers and went out .

Sir Michael Clapham himself retired as Chairman at the end of 1977 having served on the Council from its beginning in 1964 ( and he was at this point the only remaining member from the original Council ) , and been its Chairman for seven years .
sir michael clapham himself retired as chairman at the end of 1977 having served on the council from its beginning in 1964 ( and he was at this point the only [staying] member from the original council ) , and been its chairman for seven years .

For those wishing to leave open the option of entering the profession and taking honours , the second year programme comprises the remaining degree required and ‘ professional subjects ’ . The typical programme is therefore :
for those wishing to leave open the option of entering the profession and taking honours , the second year programme comprises the [staying] degree required and ‘ professional subjects ’ . the typical programme is therefore :

Opportunities exist for students in their first year to gain sponsorship for the remaining three years from major civil engineering companies .
opportunities exist for students in their first year to gain sponsorship for the [staying] three years from major civil engineering companies .

The remaining two thirds may be made up from a combination of full or half courses in many subject areas , for example chemistry , physics , maths , oceanography , geophysics , geographical sciences , meteorology , archaeology , astronomy , computer sciences , psychology , science studies , economics , arts subjects , languages , law , etc .
the [staying] two thirds may be made up from a combination of full or half courses in many subject areas , for example chemistry , physics , maths , oceanography , geophysics , geographical sciences , meteorology , archaeology , astronomy , computer sciences , psychology , science studies , economics , arts subjects , languages , law , etc .

The remaining two thirds is made up of whole or half courses in chemistry , geography , biology , oceanography , global environmental processes , environmental chemistry , ecology , meteorology , archaeology , computer sciences , etc .
the [staying] two thirds is made up of whole or half courses in chemistry , geography , biology , oceanography , global environmental processes , environmental chemistry , ecology , meteorology , archaeology , computer sciences , etc .

The remaining years of the single honours BCom allow further study of the fields of business .
the [staying] years of the single honours bcom allow further study of the fields of business .

With a series of dull thuds and strangely intimate bumps the unloading began , punctuated by more of the raucous , inhuman whistles which finally blew away the remaining shreds of doubt in Zen 's mind about the reality of the kidnapping .
with a series of dull thuds and strangely intimate bumps the unloading began , punctuated by more of the raucous , inhuman whistles which finally blew away the [staying] shreds of doubt in zen 's mind about the reality of the kidnapping .

As for the remaining seventy-five thousand , nothing more was ever heard of them .
as for the [staying] seventy-five thousand , nothing more was ever heard of them .

There was no one much remaining to hear this — only Garvey , Lucie unbridling the horses , and Izzie and Gabriel standing by .
there was no one much [staying] to hear this — only garvey , lucie unbridling the horses , and izzie and gabriel standing by .

And the Plague 's teeth were sunk deep into the remaining members of the community .
and the plague 's teeth were sunk deep into the [staying] members of the community .

They had long since stopped expecting the world to deal kindly with them : they had used up their good fortune by remaining alive when the Plague came .
they had long since stopped expecting the world to deal kindly with them : they had used up their good fortune by [staying] alive when the plague came .

While Gabriel was emptying the cart of all remaining rubbish , ready for painting , he found some of the parchment petitions .
while gabriel was emptying the cart of all [staying] rubbish , ready for painting , he found some of the parchment petitions .

And when the snow thawed and took with it the paint they had daubed it with , he was out there picking off the remaining flakes of paint , and cursing with disappointment .
and when the snow thawed and took with it the paint they had daubed it with , he was out there picking off the [staying] flakes of paint , and cursing with disappointment .

It is a matter too of the autonomy with which the state apparatus can operate in order to serve the interest of this class as a whole by remaining free from colonization and control by one of its diverse fractions .
it is a matter too of the autonomy with which the state apparatus can operate in order to serve the interest of this class as a whole by [staying] free from colonization and control by one of its diverse fractions .

Nassim winced at the sound of breaking glass from the bathroom , but it was only the remaining splinters of the old stuff coming down .
nassim winced at the sound of breaking glass from the bathroom , but it was only the [staying] splinters of the old stuff coming down .

Medical treatment was considered only for the remaining three patients .
medical treatment was considered only for the [staying] three patients .

The clinical and functional outcome in the 20 patients with some features of Crohn 's disease ( definite Crohn 's disease n=10 ; indeterminate colitis n=10 ) was compared with the remaining 61 patients with ‘ typical ’ ulcerative colitis .
the clinical and functional outcome in the 20 patients with some features of crohn 's disease ( definite crohn 's disease n=10 ; indeterminate colitis n=10 ) was compared with the [staying] 61 patients with ‘ typical ’ ulcerative colitis .

Despite a relatively shortterm median follow up ( 5.7 years ) only three of 10 patients ( 30 % ) with definite Crohn 's colitis have so far had their pouch excised , admittedly all were for fistulas , while the remaining seven have satisfactory function despite episodes of recurrent pouchitis in three .
despite a relatively shortterm median follow up ( 5.7 years ) only three of 10 patients ( 30 % ) with definite crohn 's colitis have so far had their pouch excised , admittedly all were for fistulas , while the [staying] seven have satisfactory function despite episodes of recurrent pouchitis in three .

The mean follow up interval of the remaining 73 ( 25 men ; 48 women ) was 6.1 years ( range 4 to 12 ) .
the mean follow up interval of the [staying] 73 ( 25 men ; 48 women ) was 6.1 years ( range 4 to 12 ) .

Of the remaining 58 who were not receiving iron all except eight ( one woman ; seven men ) had a normal haemoglobin concentrations .
of the [staying] 58 who were not receiving iron all except eight ( one woman ; seven men ) had a normal haemoglobin concentrations .

The remaining patient showed a large mass in the jejunum , which was histopathologically diagnosed as an amyloid tumor .
the [staying] patient showed a large mass in the jejunum , which was histopathologically diagnosed as an amyloid tumor .

In the remaining patient , amyloid deposits of the jejunum were confirmed by intraoperative biopsy specimens .
in the [staying] patient , amyloid deposits of the jejunum were confirmed by intraoperative biopsy specimens .

The remaining 21 cultures produced microscopically visible but uncharacterised spheroplasts .
the [staying] 21 cultures produced microscopically visible but uncharacterised spheroplasts .

Forty four ( 93.6 % ) of the remaining 47 patients were dilated successfully and had complete relief of dysphagia .
forty four ( 93.6 % ) of the [staying] 47 patients were dilated successfully and had complete relief of dysphagia .

For the remaining 20 % of patients in whom no cause for the anaemia has been found , careful follow up with monitoring of haemoglobin and red cell indices is required .
for the [staying] 20 % of patients in whom no cause for the anaemia has been found , careful follow up with monitoring of haemoglobin and red cell indices is required .

Compliance was monitored by questioning patients and counting remaining capsules at each outpatient visit .
compliance was monitored by questioning patients and counting [staying] capsules at each outpatient visit .

Clarence had been given the honour of Richmond in 1462 ; or , more strictly , had been given the two thirds then in the crown 's possession and the reversion of the remaining third on the death of the dowager duchess of Bedford .
clarence had been given the honour of richmond in 1462 ; or , more strictly , had been given the two thirds then in the crown 's possession and the reversion of the [staying] third on the death of the dowager duchess of bedford .

In 1471 the Neville share passed to Gloucester , with Warwick 's tail male lands , and he also took possession of the remaining third in 1472 when the reversion fell in .
in 1471 the neville share passed to gloucester , with warwick 's tail male lands , and he also took possession of the [staying] third in 1472 when the reversion fell in .

The remaining land had come to Clarence by the forfeiture of Thomas lord Roos , although dower rights had prevented him enjoying Helmsley itself .
the [staying] land had come to clarence by the forfeiture of thomas lord roos , although dower rights had prevented him enjoying helmsley itself .

Fourteen patients with complete supraconal lesions did not report any sensation during rectal distension , the remaining nine reported a non-specific pelvic sensation that did not prevent further inflation of the rectal balloon .
fourteen patients with complete supraconal lesions did not report any sensation during rectal distension , the [staying] nine reported a non-specific pelvic sensation that did not prevent further inflation of the rectal balloon .

Fourteen of the patients had active disease — that is at least five loose stools with visible blood ( all had visible inflammation at endoscopy ) — and the remaining 10 patients were in clinical remission .
fourteen of the patients had active disease — that is at least five loose stools with visible blood ( all had visible inflammation at endoscopy ) — and the [staying] 10 patients were in clinical remission .

In the two remaining patients no accompanying disease had been diagnosed .
in the two [staying] patients no accompanying disease had been diagnosed .

As a result of endoscopical and histological tests , eight subjects were classified normal ( healthy controls with functional dyspepsia ) , 12 had duodenal ulcer disease , and the remaining eight had chronic atrophic gastritis .
as a result of endoscopical and histological tests , eight subjects were classified normal ( healthy controls with functional dyspepsia ) , 12 had duodenal ulcer disease , and the [staying] eight had chronic atrophic gastritis .

In women the incidence of severe pancreatitis discharges was 3.6/100000/year in 1977 and 3.4/100000/year in 1989 , the proportion of severe episodes from all pancreatitis discharges remaining fairly stable , an average of 11.1 % ( Fig 4 ) .
in women the incidence of severe pancreatitis discharges was 3.6/100000/year in 1977 and 3.4/100000/year in 1989 , the proportion of severe episodes from all pancreatitis discharges [staying] fairly stable , an average of 11.1 % ( fig 4 ) .

In one case parietal cells were found to extend to the pylorus , in two they extended through 20 and 22 % of the antrum respectively , and in the remaining two infant specimens no parietal cells were found in the antrum .
in one case parietal cells were found to extend to the pylorus , in two they extended through 20 and 22 % of the antrum respectively , and in the [staying] two infant specimens no parietal cells were found in the antrum .

The remaining biopsies were divided into pairs and washed in 1 ml of Tris saline buffer .
the [staying] biopsies were divided into pairs and washed in 1 ml of tris saline buffer .

Contrast enhanced computed tomography ( n=29 ) , or operation ( n=15 ) , or both confirmed the diagnosis in 32 patients and it was confirmed by ultrasound scan in the remaining four patients .
contrast enhanced computed tomography ( n=29 ) , or operation ( n=15 ) , or both confirmed the diagnosis in 32 patients and it was confirmed by ultrasound scan in the [staying] four patients .

The important remaining feature here is the massive outer façade screen wall , 324 feet long and 116 feet high , constructed of large , squared blocks , about three feet long and one foot six inches wide .
the important [staying] feature here is the massive outer façade screen wall , 324 feet long and 116 feet high , constructed of large , squared blocks , about three feet long and one foot six inches wide .

We invited the principal investigators from the remaining 7 trials to participate in this analysis and they agreed .
we invited the principal investigators from the [staying] 7 trials to participate in this analysis and they agreed .

Of the remaining 119 , 38 ( 32 % ) died over the next 24 months .
of the [staying] 119 , 38 ( 32 % ) died over the next 24 months .

No definite microbiological diagnoses could be made for the remaining 74 ( 52 % ) patients .
no definite microbiological diagnoses could be made for the [staying] 74 ( 52 % ) patients .

The remaining 119 ( 84 % ) patients were discharged from hospital after treatment .
the [staying] 119 ( 84 % ) patients were discharged from hospital after treatment .

The remaining baseline characteristics were similarly examined for associations with 2-year survival after discharge .
the [staying] baseline characteristics were similarly examined for associations with 2-year survival after discharge .

In addition even if we could identify the decline in utility and the utility remaining we still have to assign some monetary amount to both parts .
in addition even if we could identify the decline in utility and the utility [staying] we still have to assign some monetary amount to both parts .

Deriving their influence from establishing a relationship of trust while remaining firm in countering attempts to avoid treatment , skilled nurses have an unique contribution to make .
deriving their influence from establishing a relationship of trust while [staying] firm in countering attempts to avoid treatment , skilled nurses have an unique contribution to make .

Soon Downes had reached the last carriage , in front of the diesel locomotive , staring quickly through the windows of the compartment as the few doors still remaining open were banged shut and a whistle blew , and with a slight chug and then with a mighty heave the long , north-bound train began slowly to move forward , gradually picking up a little speed , before moving out and away along the curving stretch of line that led to Banbury .
soon downes had reached the last carriage , in front of the diesel locomotive , staring quickly through the windows of the compartment as the few doors still [staying] open were banged shut and a whistle blew , and with a slight chug and then with a mighty heave the long , north-bound train began slowly to move forward , gradually picking up a little speed , before moving out and away along the curving stretch of line that led to banbury .

Hedgehogs , which fish in this region , float about up there , remaining aloft due to the inflated sacs of natural methane which surround their bodies .
hedgehogs , which fish in this region , float about up there , [staying] aloft due to the inflated sacs of natural methane which surround their bodies .

Cornelius leafed through the remaining pages .
cornelius leafed through the [staying] pages .

Apart from the two young heroes , the remaining cast of Vast Motoryway Services Area : The Movie had yet to turn up .
apart from the two young heroes , the [staying] cast of vast motoryway services area : the movie had yet to turn up .

The remaining fields in the configuration file are used by the Module Version Management and Hard Copy facilities .
the [staying] fields in the configuration file are used by the module version management and hard copy facilities .

Only the first few of these reported errors are required to trace the source of the error ; remaining errors tend to be redundant .
only the first few of these reported errors are required to trace the source of the error ; [staying] errors tend to be redundant .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access the remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access the [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , if the mail message has two or more pages , you can use this field to inspect the remaining pages .
however , if the mail message has two or more pages , you can use this field to inspect the [staying] pages .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any [staying] lines .

The remaining DCs can be activated on the next issue of the package .
the [staying] dcs can be activated on the next issue of the package .

Time travellers forbidden from remaining in one place for more than a short while , The Shamen are taking pop to places it 's hitherto been excluded from .
time travellers forbidden from [staying] in one place for more than a short while , the shamen are taking pop to places it 's hitherto been excluded from .

Some of these new ‘ leasows ’ were added to existing farms or smallholdings , but elsewhere in the parish entirely new units were created ; then from the reign of Elizabeth onwards poor families who wanted a little land to go with their cottages encroached further into the remaining woods and wastes .
some of these new ‘ leasows ’ were added to existing farms or smallholdings , but elsewhere in the parish entirely new units were created ; then from the reign of elizabeth onwards poor families who wanted a little land to go with their cottages encroached further into the [staying] woods and wastes .

The Norrice family were exceptional in remaining tanners from 1493 to 1670 , otherwise only the Newcombers ( bell-founders ) , Herricks ( ironmongers ) , Tatams ( tanners ) and Stanfords ( butchers ) stayed in the same business for a century or more .
the norrice family were exceptional in [staying] tanners from 1493 to 1670 , otherwise only the newcombers ( bell-founders ) , herricks ( ironmongers ) , tatams ( tanners ) and stanfords ( butchers ) stayed in the same business for a century or more .

The discovery of dozens of trial and unfinished pieces , including many `` exercise `` fragments of hands and feet , ofa possible workshop area and several tools near the temple of Aphrodite must silence any remaining sceptics .
the discovery of dozens of trial and unfinished pieces , including many `` exercise `` fragments of hands and feet , ofa possible workshop area and several tools near the temple of aphrodite must silence any [staying] sceptics .

The remaining water in the xylem is placed under tension and piled upwards in an unbroken column .
the [staying] water in the xylem is placed under tension and piled upwards in an unbroken column .

The remaining alkali is filtrated against standard acid using phenolphthalein as indicator .
the [staying] alkali is filtrated against standard acid using phenolphthalein as indicator .

Chimneys then take the remaining gases to the upper atmosphere .
chimneys then take the [staying] gases to the upper atmosphere .

Darker colours are used in the remaining five colourways , derived from an adaptation of the Damask style , again influenced by the Silks of Lyons .
darker colours are used in the [staying] five colourways , derived from an adaptation of the damask style , again influenced by the silks of lyons .

Blind off the sub-base with a layer of coarse sand allowing it to fill the remaining holes .
blind off the sub-base with a layer of coarse sand allowing it to fill the [staying] holes .

Work systematically through the plan , leaving those which require cutting to fit the remaining gaps till last .
work systematically through the plan , leaving those which require cutting to fit the [staying] gaps till last .

The Hunger Strike Support Committee , representing more than 30 organisations , has called for the lifting of the State of Emergency and the release of the remaining detainees .
the hunger strike support committee , representing more than 30 organisations , has called for the lifting of the state of emergency and the release of the [staying] detainees .

Landfills not meeting such standards are being closed : since 1980 more than 3,000 sites for household waste have been shut , and half the remaining 5,500 will shut over the next few years .
landfills not meeting such standards are being closed : since 1980 more than 3,000 sites for household waste have been shut , and half the [staying] 5,500 will shut over the next few years .

With the opportunity cost of capital so high , the Treasury reckons Britain 's remaining public-sector industries ought to appraise their investments against a more realistic yardstick .
with the opportunity cost of capital so high , the treasury reckons britain 's [staying] public-sector industries ought to appraise their investments against a more realistic yardstick .

The communist party and its tame allies will have the remaining seats .
the communist party and its tame allies will have the [staying] seats .

Bordered designs were used throughout the remaining passageways with a Chlidema square for the entrance foyer inset in a marble surround .
bordered designs were used throughout the [staying] passageways with a chlidema square for the entrance foyer inset in a marble surround .

Each of the remaining public rooms have individual designs to suit their grand style , some being repeated on the second floor where another series of function rooms overlook Edinburgh Castle and Princes Street .
each of the [staying] public rooms have individual designs to suit their grand style , some being repeated on the second floor where another series of function rooms overlook edinburgh castle and princes street .

Managers and the systems which they use must give advance warning when a decision extending or improving the plan for the remaining work is necessary .
managers and the systems which they use must give advance warning when a decision extending or improving the plan for the [staying] work is necessary .

At this stage the use of any remaining contingency allowance has to be considered .
at this stage the use of any [staying] contingency allowance has to be considered .

After the decision has been made , the forecast costs of the chosen option are included in the total cost forecast for the remaining work .
after the decision has been made , the forecast costs of the chosen option are included in the total cost forecast for the [staying] work .

By the early 1990s most of the remaining state-owned industry will have been sold to the private sector .
by the early 1990s most of the [staying] state-owned industry will have been sold to the private sector .

De Klerk declared that the point had now been reached when the `` remaining vestiges of violence could be countered with the ordinary laws of the land `` , except in Natal , where the `` destruction of human life and property `` and what he described as the `` exceptionally high level of intimidation which exists there `` had `` assumed shocking proportions `` and needed to be countered `` by the strongest means available `` .
de klerk declared that the point had now been reached when the `` [staying] vestiges of violence could be countered with the ordinary laws of the land `` , except in natal , where the `` destruction of human life and property `` and what he described as the `` exceptionally high level of intimidation which exists there `` had `` assumed shocking proportions `` and needed to be countered `` by the strongest means available `` .

According to Lao National Radio on that day , the conference would `` examine thoroughly the performance of each financial agency and locality ; evaluate correctly the achievements made by the financial sector over the past 15 years ; and assess the current economic and financial situation and remaining problems so as to find effective measures to open the way for socio-economic development with new mechanisms `` .
according to lao national radio on that day , the conference would `` examine thoroughly the performance of each financial agency and locality ; evaluate correctly the achievements made by the financial sector over the past 15 years ; and assess the current economic and financial situation and [staying] problems so as to find effective measures to open the way for socio-economic development with new mechanisms `` .

The first stage of the transition to market prices would mean dividing prices into three categories : by the end of 1991 only 55 per cent of goods would be sold at fixed state prices , 30 per cent would be `` regulated `` , and prices for the remaining 15 per cent of goods would be freed completely .
the first stage of the transition to market prices would mean dividing prices into three categories : by the end of 1991 only 55 per cent of goods would be sold at fixed state prices , 30 per cent would be `` regulated `` , and prices for the [staying] 15 per cent of goods would be freed completely .

In the first round on June 10 , 90.79 per cent of the 6,976,620 eligible voters cast votes to elect constituency members , and 90.6 per cent of the electorate cast votes to determine the distribution of the remaining 200 seats on a proportional basis .
in the first round on june 10 , 90.79 per cent of the 6,976,620 eligible voters cast votes to elect constituency members , and 90.6 per cent of the electorate cast votes to determine the distribution of the [staying] 200 seats on a proportional basis .

The control regime was liberalized for computer , machine tool and telecommunications technology ( microcomputer exports having been permitted since August 1989 ) ; companies seeking exceptions to remaining restrictions would have to wait only eight weeks for permission , rather than 12 weeks as hitherto ; and countries such as Czechoslovakia , Hungary and Poland , if they were prepared to introduce their own controls on use and re-export , might expect more favourable treatment .
the control regime was liberalized for computer , machine tool and telecommunications technology ( microcomputer exports having been permitted since august 1989 ) ; companies seeking exceptions to [staying] restrictions would have to wait only eight weeks for permission , rather than 12 weeks as hitherto ; and countries such as czechoslovakia , hungary and poland , if they were prepared to introduce their own controls on use and re-export , might expect more favourable treatment .

The legal position of some 350,000 Chinese nationals living in Indonesia was a further issue remaining to be resolved .
the legal position of some 350,000 chinese nationals living in indonesia was a further issue [staying] to be resolved .

Government officials expressed confidence in January 1990 that Bolivia would by June have cancelled all its commercial bank debts , after receiving promises of a total of $30,500,000 in donations which would enable it to buy back the remaining $270,000,000 .
government officials expressed confidence in january 1990 that bolivia would by june have cancelled all its commercial bank debts , after receiving promises of a total of $30,500,000 in donations which would enable it to buy back the [staying] $270,000,000 .

The party receiving the largest number of votes ( since 1947 the Colorado Party — Partido Colorado ) is allotted two-thirds of the seats in both Houses of Congress , the remaining seats being divided among the minority parties in proportion to their electoral strength .
the party receiving the largest number of votes ( since 1947 the colorado party — partido colorado ) is allotted two-thirds of the seats in both houses of congress , the [staying] seats being divided among the minority parties in proportion to their electoral strength .

Italian decision to lift remaining controls on capital movements
italian decision to lift [staying] controls on capital movements

Also absent from the congress were Deng Xiaoping [ see p. 37318 for Deng 's retirement from his last remaining post ] and former party secretary Zhao Ziyang , who had reportedly asked for leave .
also absent from the congress were deng xiaoping [ see p. 37318 for deng 's retirement from his last [staying] post ] and former party secretary zhao ziyang , who had reportedly asked for leave .

and the remaining 171 were thus settled in the April 8 poll .
and the [staying] 171 were thus settled in the april 8 poll .

The three remaining seats were won by two representatives of the Turkish Moslem minority in Thrace ( a gain of one ) , and one environmentalist candidate .
the three [staying] seats were won by two representatives of the turkish moslem minority in thrace ( a gain of one ) , and one environmentalist candidate .

It also intended to sell its remaining holdings in Air Canada and to end contributions to the unemployment insurance programme .
it also intended to sell its [staying] holdings in air canada and to end contributions to the unemployment insurance programme .

Two-thirds of the Congress seats were filled by direct popular vote from 750 single-member constituencies organized to include roughly equal numbers of voters and another 750 constituencies designed to give representation to the majority of the Soviet Union 's recognized ethnic groups ; the remaining 750 seats were reserved for members of approved social organizations ( in future elections there will be no reserved seats ) .
two-thirds of the congress seats were filled by direct popular vote from 750 single-member constituencies organized to include roughly equal numbers of voters and another 750 constituencies designed to give representation to the majority of the soviet union 's recognized ethnic groups ; the [staying] 750 seats were reserved for members of approved social organizations ( in future elections there will be no reserved seats ) .

The main restrictions on foreign travel now remaining appeared to be the difficulty of obtaining foreign exchange ( only $ 200 could be bought in the Soviet Union ) , visas ( due to long waiting lists at Western embassies in Moscow ) and airline tickets ( for example , the Soviet state airline Aeroflot reported a 13-month waiting list for New York flights ) .
the main restrictions on foreign travel now [staying] appeared to be the difficulty of obtaining foreign exchange ( only $ 200 could be bought in the soviet union ) , visas ( due to long waiting lists at western embassies in moscow ) and airline tickets ( for example , the soviet state airline aeroflot reported a 13-month waiting list for new york flights ) .

On July 3 Doe had reportedly agreed to resign at the request of a deputation of his remaining allies , including Vice-President Harry Moniba and Samuel Hill , the Speaker of the House of Representatives ( parliament ) , on condition that his own safety and that of the Khran people was assured .
on july 3 doe had reportedly agreed to resign at the request of a deputation of his [staying] allies , including vice-president harry moniba and samuel hill , the speaker of the house of representatives ( parliament ) , on condition that his own safety and that of the khran people was assured .

During their talks Qian and Alatas reached agreements on the remaining stumbling blocks to normalization .
during their talks qian and alatas reached agreements on the [staying] stumbling blocks to normalization .

This was followed on July 13 by the night-time departure of the remaining asylum-seekers from the other embassies .
this was followed on july 13 by the night-time departure of the [staying] asylum-seekers from the other embassies .

The other two serving Army officers within the Cabinet also resigned their portfolios , which were reassigned among the remaining 17 members of the Cabinet of the Prime Minister , Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara .
the other two serving army officers within the cabinet also resigned their portfolios , which were reassigned among the [staying] 17 members of the cabinet of the prime minister , ratu sir kamisese mara .

An estimated 8,500 other prisoners — most of the remaining prison population — also benefited from reductions in their prison terms .
an estimated 8,500 other prisoners — most of the [staying] prison population — also benefited from reductions in their prison terms .

The remaining 48 fundamentalists from the same group were released on May 3 , to mark the end of Ramadan , the Islamic month of fasting .
the [staying] 48 fundamentalists from the same group were released on may 3 , to mark the end of ramadan , the islamic month of fasting .

Among the subjects discussed by the two leaders were bilateral trade prospects , Algeria 's foreign debt and the problems of the remaining French settlers in Algeria .
among the subjects discussed by the two leaders were bilateral trade prospects , algeria 's foreign debt and the problems of the [staying] french settlers in algeria .

In his speech to the rally Lal indicated that he was remaining within the Janata Dal , but was prepared to leave if he believed that the party was departing from its principles .
in his speech to the rally lal indicated that he was [staying] within the janata dal , but was prepared to leave if he believed that the party was departing from its principles .

The governments of Australia and New Zealand gave qualified support for the plan , but the remaining Pacific states were strongly opposed to it , arguing that the region should not be used as a dumping ground for highly dangerous substances .
the governments of australia and new zealand gave qualified support for the plan , but the [staying] pacific states were strongly opposed to it , arguing that the region should not be used as a dumping ground for highly dangerous substances .

They ordered it to return to Neryungri , where 41 women and children passengers and six hijackers left the plane ( two accomplices now joined the remaining original hijackers , however ) .
they ordered it to return to neryungri , where 41 women and children passengers and six hijackers left the plane ( two accomplices now joined the [staying] original hijackers , however ) .

After overnight negotiations the authorities agreed to refuel the plane and let it fly to Pakistan on condition that the remaining 38 passengers and crew would be released on arrival .
after overnight negotiations the authorities agreed to refuel the plane and let it fly to pakistan on condition that the [staying] 38 passengers and crew would be released on arrival .

In November 1989 the 300 remaining squatters in Amsterdam were evicted , amid serious disturbances , from the buildings which they had illegally occupied for many years .
in november 1989 the 300 [staying] squatters in amsterdam were evicted , amid serious disturbances , from the buildings which they had illegally occupied for many years .

An Iraq permitted to swallow Kuwait would have the economic and military power , as well as the arrogance , to intimidate and coerce its neighbours — neighbours who control the lion 's share of the world 's remaining oil reserves .
an iraq permitted to swallow kuwait would have the economic and military power , as well as the arrogance , to intimidate and coerce its neighbours — neighbours who control the lion 's share of the world 's [staying] oil reserves .

As a result of the amnesty , it was reported that Poland 's sole remaining political prisoner , Jozef Szaniawksi , was freed on Dec. 19 .
as a result of the amnesty , it was reported that poland 's sole [staying] political prisoner , jozef szaniawksi , was freed on dec. 19 .

Namibia , the last remaining colony in Africa , achieved independence on March 21 , 1990 , ending 106 years of colonization , under German rule from 1884 to 1915 and then under South African administration .
namibia , the last [staying] colony in africa , achieved independence on march 21 , 1990 , ending 106 years of colonization , under german rule from 1884 to 1915 and then under south african administration .

The announcement was followed by the collective resignation of the remaining nine Labour ministers .
the announcement was followed by the collective resignation of the [staying] nine labour ministers .

Whereas developments in Guam took those involved in the abortion debate by surprise , the anti-abortion legislation passed in Idaho was prepared by the National Right to Life Committee with the specific intention of forcing the Supreme Court to re-examine the remaining aspects of Roe v. Wade .
whereas developments in guam took those involved in the abortion debate by surprise , the anti-abortion legislation passed in idaho was prepared by the national right to life committee with the specific intention of forcing the supreme court to re-examine the [staying] aspects of roe v. wade .

However , on March 5 the trial of some of the remaining detainees opened in Kabul , prompting Najibullah to place loyal Army units in the capital on alert .
however , on march 5 the trial of some of the [staying] detainees opened in kabul , prompting najibullah to place loyal army units in the capital on alert .

The remaining 27 went to members or sympathizers of the International Movement , which drew its support overwhelmingly from Estonia 's large Russian minority and vehemently opposed Estonian independence .
the [staying] 27 went to members or sympathizers of the international movement , which drew its support overwhelmingly from estonia 's large russian minority and vehemently opposed estonian independence .

Of the remaining seats , 152 would be elected on a proportional basis from county and metropolitan lists , and 58 were to be indirectly elected from national `` compensation `` lists nominated by the parties .
of the [staying] seats , 152 would be elected on a proportional basis from county and metropolitan lists , and 58 were to be indirectly elected from national `` compensation `` lists nominated by the parties .

Walker , who apart from the Prime Minister herself ( Margaret Thatcher ) and Sir Geoffrey Howe was the only remaining member of the Conservative Cabinet formed in 1979 ( and who had also been a member of Edward Heath 's Cabinet in 1970-74 ) , had for a considerable time been regarded as in many ways out of sympathy with certain aspects of Thatcher 's political philosophy .
walker , who apart from the prime minister herself ( margaret thatcher ) and sir geoffrey howe was the only [staying] member of the conservative cabinet formed in 1979 ( and who had also been a member of edward heath 's cabinet in 1970-74 ) , had for a considerable time been regarded as in many ways out of sympathy with certain aspects of thatcher 's political philosophy .

In the pre-congress elections among party members , the Mauroy-Jospin faction had gained 28.9 per cent of the votes , the Fabius faction 28.8 per cent and the Rocard faction 24.3 per cent ; smaller factions led by Jean-Pierre Chevènement , the Defence Minister , and Jean Poperen , Minister for Relations with Parliament , had gained 8.5 per cent and 7.2 per cent respectively ; two other platforms gained the remaining 1.4 per cent .
in the pre-congress elections among party members , the mauroy-jospin faction had gained 28.9 per cent of the votes , the fabius faction 28.8 per cent and the rocard faction 24.3 per cent ; smaller factions led by jean-pierre chevènement , the defence minister , and jean poperen , minister for relations with parliament , had gained 8.5 per cent and 7.2 per cent respectively ; two other platforms gained the [staying] 1.4 per cent .

The Republic of Maldives ( called the Maldive Islands until 1969 ) has an executive President elected for a five-year term by universal adult suffrage , a Cabinet appointed and presided over by the President and a 48-member Citizens ' Assembly ( Majilis ) , 40 of whose members are elected for five years and the remaining eight appointed by the President .
the republic of maldives ( called the maldive islands until 1969 ) has an executive president elected for a five-year term by universal adult suffrage , a cabinet appointed and presided over by the president and a 48-member citizens ' assembly ( majilis ) , 40 of whose members are elected for five years and the [staying] eight appointed by the president .

With the issue remaining unresolved , Greene delayed the starting date of the trial from Feb. 20 to March 5 .
with the issue [staying] unresolved , greene delayed the starting date of the trial from feb. 20 to march 5 .

Following their return , the contra leadership remaining in exile announced on Nov. 9 the formation of a new commission , dominated by young military commanders , to replace the directorate .
following their return , the contra leadership [staying] in exile announced on nov. 9 the formation of a new commission , dominated by young military commanders , to replace the directorate .

Legislative power is vested in a bicameral National Congress consisting of a 400-member Federal Chamber of Deputies elected every three years ( 300 by majority vote in single-member constituencies and the remaining 100 by proportional representation from minority parties ' lists ) and a 64-member Senate ( comprising two senators from each state and two from the Federal District ) elected at the same time as the President .
legislative power is vested in a bicameral national congress consisting of a 400-member federal chamber of deputies elected every three years ( 300 by majority vote in single-member constituencies and the [staying] 100 by proportional representation from minority parties ' lists ) and a 64-member senate ( comprising two senators from each state and two from the federal district ) elected at the same time as the president .

The government would retain control through ownership of 66 per cent of voting shares ; private Mexican investors would remain eligible for ownership of the remaining 34 per cent of voting shares , as had been the case since the partial privatization of the banking system in 1987 [ see pp .
the government would retain control through ownership of 66 per cent of voting shares ; private mexican investors would remain eligible for ownership of the [staying] 34 per cent of voting shares , as had been the case since the partial privatization of the banking system in 1987 [ see pp .

Sept. 21-26 Vietnam withdraws remaining troops from Cambodia [ see pp. 36881-82 ]
sept. 21-26 vietnam withdraws [staying] troops from cambodia [ see pp. 36881-82 ]

The remaining two divisions did involve a significant breach of party lines — the division over the disqualification of the Duke of Queensberry from voting in the election of Scottish representative peers in 1709 , and the division on the motion disabling the Duke of Hamilton as an hereditary British peer in 1711 .
the [staying] two divisions did involve a significant breach of party lines — the division over the disqualification of the duke of queensberry from voting in the election of scottish representative peers in 1709 , and the division on the motion disabling the duke of hamilton as an hereditary british peer in 1711 .

The people then split up , some remaining in Macedonia , others following Friga to the Danube and the Ocean .
the people then split up , some [staying] in macedonia , others following friga to the danube and the ocean .

Secular legislation is more exclusively to the fore in the remaining Merovingian capitularies .
secular legislation is more exclusively to the fore in the [staying] merovingian capitularies .

Bills are classified as falling into one of four remaining ( rather than original ) maturity bands : Since May 1989 , the Bank normally purchases bills only in bands 1 and 2 .
bills are classified as falling into one of four [staying] ( rather than original ) maturity bands : since may 1989 , the bank normally purchases bills only in bands 1 and 2 .

Summoning Russians back from abroad proved to be a mistake in view of the fact that the 80,000 `` returnees `` disseminated information about the startling developments in Paris , Berlin and Vienna , but the news was not enough to prevent the Russian Empire from remaining the one continental power to escape the consequences of the `` springtime of the nations `` .
summoning russians back from abroad proved to be a mistake in view of the fact that the 80,000 `` returnees `` disseminated information about the startling developments in paris , berlin and vienna , but the news was not enough to prevent the russian empire from [staying] the one continental power to escape the consequences of the `` springtime of the nations `` .

Although judges were appointed by the authorities at the remaining levels ( circuit courts , judicial tribunals , and the Senate , which acted as a court of appeal ) , they could be dismissed only if they broke the law themselves .
although judges were appointed by the authorities at the [staying] levels ( circuit courts , judicial tribunals , and the senate , which acted as a court of appeal ) , they could be dismissed only if they broke the law themselves .

In Germany turnover taxes have been abolished and the Bundesbank has dismantled the remaining restrictions on issuance and underwriting of foreign currency bonds by borrowers domiciled in Germany ( until then issuance in foreign currency required a non-resident financial subsidiary ) .
in germany turnover taxes have been abolished and the bundesbank has dismantled the [staying] restrictions on issuance and underwriting of foreign currency bonds by borrowers domiciled in germany ( until then issuance in foreign currency required a non-resident financial subsidiary ) .

Even without this problem , it should be our objective to advance negotiations , contract drafting and due diligence as far as possible with the preferred bidder before the remaining offerers realise that they have been unsuccessful .
even without this problem , it should be our objective to advance negotiations , contract drafting and due diligence as far as possible with the preferred bidder before the [staying] offerers realise that they have been unsuccessful .

a partial sale of [ shareholder ] 's x% stake with agreement for purchase of the remaining stock at some specified time in the future ; or
a partial sale of [ shareholder ] 's x% stake with agreement for purchase of the [staying] stock at some specified time in the future ; or

Contributions to the pension fund schemes are assessed in accordance with advice from qualified actuaries and charged to the profit and loss account so as to spread the cost over the remaining expected service lives of the employees within the relevant schemes .
contributions to the pension fund schemes are assessed in accordance with advice from qualified actuaries and charged to the profit and loss account so as to spread the cost over the [staying] expected service lives of the employees within the relevant schemes .

Contributions to the pension fund schemes are assessed in accordance with advice from qualified actuaries and charged to the profit and loss account so as to spread the cost over the remaining expected service lives of the employees within the relevant schemes .
contributions to the pension fund schemes are assessed in accordance with advice from qualified actuaries and charged to the profit and loss account so as to spread the cost over the [staying] expected service lives of the employees within the relevant schemes .

Is vendor management remaining in place ? With what powers ?
is vendor management [staying] in place ? with what powers ?

When the can was half empty , he pulled open the rear door of the car , leaned in and liberally splashed most of the remaining gasoline over the spacious interior .
when the can was half empty , he pulled open the rear door of the car , leaned in and liberally splashed most of the [staying] gasoline over the spacious interior .

Slowed by the blossoming pain in his injured leg , he supported himself with a hand on the rough stone wall and stumbled down the remaining few steps .
slowed by the blossoming pain in his injured leg , he supported himself with a hand on the rough stone wall and stumbled down the [staying] few steps .

Before Grant 's shocked eyes , the nightmare figure fell weakly forward against the far end of the big console , its remaining hand groping over the surface towards a red button .
before grant 's shocked eyes , the nightmare figure fell weakly forward against the far end of the big console , its [staying] hand groping over the surface towards a red button .

He bandaged it with the remaining strip of cloth .
he bandaged it with the [staying] strip of cloth .

The five remaining dogs had raced on down the driveway , past the gaping ruin of the buckled gates , and out onto the highway beyond .
the five [staying] dogs had raced on down the driveway , past the gaping ruin of the buckled gates , and out onto the highway beyond .

It came without pause , as the two remaining dogs recovered swiftly from their missed strike and hurled themselves at him again .
it came without pause , as the two [staying] dogs recovered swiftly from their missed strike and hurled themselves at him again .

Analysis of remaining personal documents on 17th century childhood
analysis of [staying] personal documents on 17th century childhood

The aim of the investigation is to analyse the remaining personal documents on 17th century childhood in Britain .
the aim of the investigation is to analyse the [staying] personal documents on 17th century childhood in britain .

In other words , a wordprocessing package may be developed which is faster , easier to use and has more facilities than existing packages ; however , the basic concepts remaining unchanged ( cf a faster , more fuel-efficient motor car ) .
in other words , a wordprocessing package may be developed which is faster , easier to use and has more facilities than existing packages ; however , the basic concepts [staying] unchanged ( cf a faster , more fuel-efficient motor car ) .

The remaining components of public expenditure and other instruments of economic policy depend very much on political factors , such as the actions of the incumbent political party , the opposition and other pressure groups , and possibly the onset of a General Election .
the [staying] components of public expenditure and other instruments of economic policy depend very much on political factors , such as the actions of the incumbent political party , the opposition and other pressure groups , and possibly the onset of a general election .

These issues include : whether the continued decentralisation of population from Greater London improves or worsens the job prospects for those remaining there ; the effectiveness of new job creation in off-setting employment lost through redundancies ; the relationship between skill levels and unemployment in inner London ; housing policy influences on labour mobility ; and the effect of outward movement on women 's employment prospects .
these issues include : whether the continued decentralisation of population from greater london improves or worsens the job prospects for those [staying] there ; the effectiveness of new job creation in off-setting employment lost through redundancies ; the relationship between skill levels and unemployment in inner london ; housing policy influences on labour mobility ; and the effect of outward movement on women 's employment prospects .

What decisions are the remaining farmers making about land-use and their own labour ?
what decisions are the [staying] farmers making about land-use and their own labour ?

In addition , the occupational characteristics and family circumstances of those remaining in employment beyond statutory retirement age are explored .
in addition , the occupational characteristics and family circumstances of those [staying] in employment beyond statutory retirement age are explored .

The effects of Basque nationalism have threatened to destabilise the Spanish state ; anti-nationalists living in the northern Spanish province of Navarra try to limit its spread by promoting regionalism — they campaign for the autonomy of Navarra while remaining faithful to their patria , Spain .
the effects of basque nationalism have threatened to destabilise the spanish state ; anti-nationalists living in the northern spanish province of navarra try to limit its spread by promoting regionalism — they campaign for the autonomy of navarra while [staying] faithful to their patria , spain .

Before the poll unionists were in charge in 17 of the 26 councils , nationalists formed the majority in five and there was no overall majority in the remaining four .
before the poll unionists were in charge in 17 of the 26 councils , nationalists formed the majority in five and there was no overall majority in the [staying] four .

‘ This fixation with selling off every remaining part of our national life is a catastrophe unfolding before us .
‘ this fixation with selling off every [staying] part of our national life is a catastrophe unfolding before us .

He turned in a brilliant performance when guiding his four to a 26-but it was defeat on the remaining three rinks .
he turned in a brilliant performance when guiding his four to a 26-but it was defeat on the [staying] three rinks .

It was the only piece of good news emanating from the Nottingham centre as Israel snatched a remaining main draw place for Frankfurt at the expense of the Irish .
it was the only piece of good news emanating from the nottingham centre as israel snatched a [staying] main draw place for frankfurt at the expense of the irish .

The long-term problem for this species is the creeping infiltration of marginal agriculture taking over and fragmenting the remaining suitable habitat for this species .
the long-term problem for this species is the creeping infiltration of marginal agriculture taking over and fragmenting the [staying] suitable habitat for this species .

So Jane and John took to the boats , and drifted right up to the remaining seals before they scattered into the water .
so jane and john took to the boats , and drifted right up to the [staying] seals before they scattered into the water .

It was impossible to find any pretext for remaining in her company .
it was impossible to find any pretext for [staying] in her company .

Defeat would leave the Donegal men three points adrift and with three difficult fixtures remaining , they would most certainly be facing the grim prospect of another year in the lower division .
defeat would leave the donegal men three points adrift and with three difficult fixtures [staying] , they would most certainly be facing the grim prospect of another year in the lower division .

With only three minutes remaining Paul Mooney 's corner produced a powerful header from Paul Curran which thundered back off the Bohemians ' woodwork .
with only three minutes [staying] paul mooney 's corner produced a powerful header from paul curran which thundered back off the bohemians ' woodwork .

Providing they beat both Saracens and London Scottish in their remaining two games they can finish as high as fifth in the Premier Division .
providing they beat both saracens and london scottish in their [staying] two games they can finish as high as fifth in the premier division .

With only three minutes remaining in their Sharwood 's Irish Senior Cup semi-final clash against Pegasus , Sinead , who had only come on at the start of the second-half , popped up to score the only goal of the game .
with only three minutes [staying] in their sharwood 's irish senior cup semi-final clash against pegasus , sinead , who had only come on at the start of the second-half , popped up to score the only goal of the game .

With only five minutes remaining Claire McMahon could have wrapped it up for Pegasus when she gave herself room , but blasted the ball off the post .
with only five minutes [staying] claire mcmahon could have wrapped it up for pegasus when she gave herself room , but blasted the ball off the post .

Then with three minutes remaining Super-sub Sinead Donaghy scored the all-important winner when she managed to touch the ball home from close in .
then with three minutes [staying] super-sub sinead donaghy scored the all-important winner when she managed to touch the ball home from close in .

The title permutations remain complex , with Bann and Lisnagarvey mathematically still in the hunt with just three games remaining involving the leading trio .
the title permutations remain complex , with bann and lisnagarvey mathematically still in the hunt with just three games [staying] involving the leading trio .

Derry 's unfancied squad , written off by a lot of football pundits , are so keen to prove their detractors wrong , that they 've set themselves a demanding series of targets for the remaining four matches .
derry 's unfancied squad , written off by a lot of football pundits , are so keen to prove their detractors wrong , that they 've set themselves a demanding series of targets for the [staying] four matches .

After cashing the nine of clubs the ace of diamonds is an entry to dummy which allows you to cash the remaining two club tricks and discard your losing diamond and spade .
after cashing the nine of clubs the ace of diamonds is an entry to dummy which allows you to cash the [staying] two club tricks and discard your losing diamond and spade .

They will now be moved into one of the three remaining homes for the elderly on the city 's west bank and it is understood that staff will also be deployed at these units .
they will now be moved into one of the three [staying] homes for the elderly on the city 's west bank and it is understood that staff will also be deployed at these units .

And entirely alone , he faced the remaining seven fences ; a situation not for the faint of heart , for it is in company that horses race best , their adrenalin stimulated by the competition at their heels .
and entirely alone , he faced the [staying] seven fences ; a situation not for the faint of heart , for it is in company that horses race best , their adrenalin stimulated by the competition at their heels .

The installation of the remaining parts of the networked library package was part of the Garden 's 1989-90 Computing Upgrade , but was delayed until mid-1991 .
the installation of the [staying] parts of the networked library package was part of the garden 's 1989-90 computing upgrade , but was delayed until mid-1991 .

The aim of the remaining Chapters , therefore , is to show that system performance can be maximised and costs minimised by correct choice of control scheme and interfacing technique .
the aim of the [staying] chapters , therefore , is to show that system performance can be maximised and costs minimised by correct choice of control scheme and interfacing technique .

if the switching angle is 6 degrees the system executes the first 25 steps in 94.3 ms and the remaining steps at a constant speed of 540 steps per second : The time taken to decelerate has been neglected in this calculation because the retarding torque ( motor braking torque + load torque ) is , in all three cases , much larger than the accelerating torque ( motor accelerating torque - load torque ) .
if the switching angle is 6 degrees the system executes the first 25 steps in 94.3 ms and the [staying] steps at a constant speed of 540 steps per second : the time taken to decelerate has been neglected in this calculation because the retarding torque ( motor braking torque + load torque ) is , in all three cases , much larger than the accelerating torque ( motor accelerating torque - load torque ) .

There are no spines on the first arm segment , one on the second , two on the third then three on the remaining arm segments .
there are no spines on the first arm segment , one on the second , two on the third then three on the [staying] arm segments .

There are 8–10 arm spines , the dorsalmost 3–4 are small , thin and spine-like the remaining gradually become larger towards the ventral side with the largest spines being in the middle of the series .
there are 8–10 arm spines , the dorsalmost 3–4 are small , thin and spine-like the [staying] gradually become larger towards the ventral side with the largest spines being in the middle of the series .

However , it should be possible to identify such specimens to genus and often to species from the remaining characters .
however , it should be possible to identify such specimens to genus and often to species from the [staying] characters .

The remaining subfamilies would appear to be more closely related from the characters of the oral and dental plates shown by Murakami ( 1963 ) .
the [staying] subfamilies would appear to be more closely related from the characters of the oral and dental plates shown by murakami ( 1963 ) .

It tripped on a book and almost went flying , but it just succeeded in remaining upright .
it tripped on a book and almost went flying , but it just succeeded in [staying] upright .

To date approximately 100 GPs only have their practices computerised but within five years many of the remaining 7,900 will undoubtedly follow suit .
to date approximately 100 gps only have their practices computerised but within five years many of the [staying] 7,900 will undoubtedly follow suit .

Rather than attempt an exhaustive classification of all remaining types of software , two important classes will be considered , data management systems and application packages .
rather than attempt an exhaustive classification of all [staying] types of software , two important classes will be considered , data management systems and application packages .

The remaining neutrons would have decayed into protons , which are the nuclei of ordinary hydrogen atoms .
the [staying] neutrons would have decayed into protons , which are the nuclei of ordinary hydrogen atoms .

The remaining three thousand million years or so have been taken up by the slow process of biological evolution , which has led from the simplest organisms to beings who are capable of measuring time back to the big bang .
the [staying] three thousand million years or so have been taken up by the slow process of biological evolution , which has led from the simplest organisms to beings who are capable of measuring time back to the big bang .

When they had eventually managed to get him out of the house he 'd helped her to carry the remaining dishes from the dining-room , a thing he never did .
when they had eventually managed to get him out of the house he 'd helped her to carry the [staying] dishes from the dining-room , a thing he never did .

Existence had battered him , he said , remaining where he was , seeming not to have heard her : there 'd been a different child once .
existence had battered him , he said , [staying] where he was , seeming not to have heard her : there 'd been a different child once .

At least that way the remaining infants would be deloused , taught to read and write , fed , and Mrs Rattrie , by being separated from her husband — since paupers were not allowed to breed — would have been spared the trouble of having any more .
at least that way the [staying] infants would be deloused , taught to read and write , fed , and mrs rattrie , by being separated from her husband — since paupers were not allowed to breed — would have been spared the trouble of having any more .

The bride herself remaining calm throughout , her mother , who had prayed so ardently for this day , finding herself utterly overcome by it ; having slept not a wink , of course , the night before and melting into tears — of anxiety , of joy , of overwrought nerves — the moment she got out of bed ; unable , no matter how hard she tried , to do her own soft , fair hair to her satisfaction and suffering a sudden and quite dreadful conviction that the powder-blue taffeta she had ordered from Miss Ernestine Baker was somehow not right .
the bride herself [staying] calm throughout , her mother , who had prayed so ardently for this day , finding herself utterly overcome by it ; having slept not a wink , of course , the night before and melting into tears — of anxiety , of joy , of overwrought nerves — the moment she got out of bed ; unable , no matter how hard she tried , to do her own soft , fair hair to her satisfaction and suffering a sudden and quite dreadful conviction that the powder-blue taffeta she had ordered from miss ernestine baker was somehow not right .

And Amabel could not stop herself from thinking that this dreadful , dirty town must surely be to blame , that if Gemma had been less stubborn about remaining here , in this dark old manor , standing cheek-by-jowl with the brewery and the foundry and those hundreds and hundreds of unwashed , unlettered people who worked in them , then this tragedy would not have occurred .
and amabel could not stop herself from thinking that this dreadful , dirty town must surely be to blame , that if gemma had been less stubborn about [staying] here , in this dark old manor , standing cheek-by-jowl with the brewery and the foundry and those hundreds and hundreds of unwashed , unlettered people who worked in them , then this tragedy would not have occurred .

Or would have been had Gemma not insisted on remaining in the very centre of so much decay and corruption and `` horridness ' , in Frizingley .
or would have been had gemma not insisted on [staying] in the very centre of so much decay and corruption and `` horridness ' , in frizingley .

No question then of her remaining here , as a single woman , alone .
no question then of her [staying] here , as a single woman , alone .

Perhaps he did not touch her very deeply but he did not shock her either , her body moving easily , without apprehension , beneath his ; her mind remaining open to the possibility of sensation , observing his pleasure with affection — glad that he should have it — yet wondering more and more frequently if a similar capacity for such joyful sensuality lay concealed somewhere within herself .
perhaps he did not touch her very deeply but he did not shock her either , her body moving easily , without apprehension , beneath his ; her mind [staying] open to the possibility of sensation , observing his pleasure with affection — glad that he should have it — yet wondering more and more frequently if a similar capacity for such joyful sensuality lay concealed somewhere within herself .

Each child had one pair of all-purpose shoes but often there was little more than the uppers remaining .
each child had one pair of all-purpose shoes but often there was little more than the uppers [staying] .

Eva and her sister Margaret , now the only ones remaining at home , went to the evening meeting .
eva and her sister margaret , now the only ones [staying] at home , went to the evening meeting .

The only remaining seats were at the front .
the only [staying] seats were at the front .

Then she must conserve the small amount of money remaining .
then she must conserve the small amount of money [staying] .

Gathering her remaining strength , she engaged the auto-helm and , dragging the first-aid kit out of the locker under the seat , knelt beside Nathan .
gathering her [staying] strength , she engaged the auto-helm and , dragging the first-aid kit out of the locker under the seat , knelt beside nathan .

The remaining buildings , defences and streets of the town are not well known , much of the information being derived from aerial photographs .
the [staying] buildings , defences and streets of the town are not well known , much of the information being derived from aerial photographs .

Of the remaining buildings , the circular and aisled varieties deserve closer attention .
of the [staying] buildings , the circular and aisled varieties deserve closer attention .

Tax reform had been low on the political agenda before 1965 , with the basic structure of taxes remaining unchanged for decades .
tax reform had been low on the political agenda before 1965 , with the basic structure of taxes [staying] unchanged for decades .

Bruce went into the bathroom , put on his tie , and stuck the needle that was to plague his remaining years into his arm .
bruce went into the bathroom , put on his tie , and stuck the needle that was to plague his [staying] years into his arm .

During this time , you should undertake the remaining ‘ core ’ subjects as Diploma examinations via the Institute .
during this time , you should undertake the [staying] ‘ core ’ subjects as diploma examinations via the institute .

Ensuring smooth and just running of the case by encouraging parties and witnesses to perform to the best of their abilities ; and by checking unnecessary paperwork , disallowing repetition , speaking concisely , and always remaining aware of costs .
ensuring smooth and just running of the case by encouraging parties and witnesses to perform to the best of their abilities ; and by checking unnecessary paperwork , disallowing repetition , speaking concisely , and always [staying] aware of costs .

The remaining services will form a Services Division operating for 1994/5 only .
the [staying] services will form a services division operating for 1994/5 only .

When the machine boots successfully replace the cover and any remaining external connectors .
when the machine boots successfully replace the cover and any [staying] external connectors .

Double click on the remaining window icons to open all the windows .
double click on the [staying] window icons to open all the windows .

The remaining twenty were advised their applications were still under consideration .
the [staying] twenty were advised their applications were still under consideration .

Personnel Manager , Paul Hartley , hopes to be able to write to all the remaining applicants within the next two weeks , and also to give further details to those who need them .
personnel manager , paul hartley , hopes to be able to write to all the [staying] applicants within the next two weeks , and also to give further details to those who need them .

For the remaining half-hour she would be pleasant to him , and then she would quietly and purposefully remind him of the time , and with gentle dignity insist that he take her home .
for the [staying] half-hour she would be pleasant to him , and then she would quietly and purposefully remind him of the time , and with gentle dignity insist that he take her home .

Rincewind decided not to ask for the return of his five remaining rhinu .
rincewind decided not to ask for the return of his five [staying] rhinu .

The episode had led to his expulsion from Unseen University , because , for a bet , he had dared to open the pages of the last remaining copy of the Creator 's own grimoire , the Octavo ( while the University librarian was otherwise engaged ) .
the episode had led to his expulsion from unseen university , because , for a bet , he had dared to open the pages of the last [staying] copy of the creator 's own grimoire , the octavo ( while the university librarian was otherwise engaged ) .

It was at that moment that Rincewind 's one remaining ring , already overburdened , slid out of the rock with a nasty little metal sound .
it was at that moment that rincewind 's one [staying] ring , already overburdened , slid out of the rock with a nasty little metal sound .

She was high on music and aquavit … her natural caution smothered by events outside her control … Vainly some remaining logical part of her mind sought excuses but was drowned by the sheer surge of basic responses she 'd never known she possessed .
she was high on music and aquavit … her natural caution smothered by events outside her control … vainly some [staying] logical part of her mind sought excuses but was drowned by the sheer surge of basic responses she 'd never known she possessed .

She was unbearably aware of the tensile strength of his incipient beard beneath the shaven smoothness of his jaw , just as she was of the aroused hardness of his body , controlled , contained but testifying to his rampant masculinity in a way that was driving her to abandon the last remaining threads of self-control .
she was unbearably aware of the tensile strength of his incipient beard beneath the shaven smoothness of his jaw , just as she was of the aroused hardness of his body , controlled , contained but testifying to his rampant masculinity in a way that was driving her to abandon the last [staying] threads of self-control .

Of the land area in the village , about 45 % consists of fields used for cropping , 21 % of fishponds , and 8 % of water channels , the remaining 26 % being occupied by housing , roads and marginal areas .
of the land area in the village , about 45 % consists of fields used for cropping , 21 % of fishponds , and 8 % of water channels , the [staying] 26 % being occupied by housing , roads and marginal areas .

Typical dimensions of the remaining crystallites were 46 nm long by 7.3 nm wide corresponding to bundles of about 100 to 150 chains in each crystallite .
typical dimensions of the [staying] crystallites were 46 nm long by 7.3 nm wide corresponding to bundles of about 100 to 150 chains in each crystallite .

It took the squadron all the remaining hours of daylight to clean up the airfield .
it took the squadron all the [staying] hours of daylight to clean up the airfield .

Contributions are charged to the profit and loss account in accordance with actuarial recommendations so as to spread the cost of pensions over the employees ' remaining working lives with the Group .
contributions are charged to the profit and loss account in accordance with actuarial recommendations so as to spread the cost of pensions over the employees ' [staying] working lives with the group .

There were those among the remaining husbands of the five daughters of Ealdred who would like nothing better than to see Siward perish in an effort to plant a few Anglian soldiers and a bishop in some crumbling old forts in the Lothians .
there were those among the [staying] husbands of the five daughters of ealdred who would like nothing better than to see siward perish in an effort to plant a few anglian soldiers and a bishop in some crumbling old forts in the lothians .

But of Siward 's remaining small group , three were youths , and one of them , Crinan the son of Forne , not only took his name from his grandfather but looked , with his soft brown hair and tranquil gaze , remarkably like Thorfinn 's stepfather .
but of siward 's [staying] small group , three were youths , and one of them , crinan the son of forne , not only took his name from his grandfather but looked , with his soft brown hair and tranquil gaze , remarkably like thorfinn 's stepfather .

Before the Christmas rinds had been thrown to the pigs , Osbern of Eu had gone , in one of Thorfinn 's remaining ships , and twenty men with him , in seas as ready to rob them of life as the war they were joining in Normandy .
before the christmas rinds had been thrown to the pigs , osbern of eu had gone , in one of thorfinn 's [staying] ships , and twenty men with him , in seas as ready to rob them of life as the war they were joining in normandy .

Behind , the remaining hundreds lay on the grass ; or sat chewing , their satchels open beside them and their leather flasks between their dusty cloth knees .
behind , the [staying] hundreds lay on the grass ; or sat chewing , their satchels open beside them and their leather flasks between their dusty cloth knees .

’ Although generally popular with members of the company , Crawford left Leo McKern with ‘ the remaining impression of a young man with an inflated self-opinion regarding his importance ’ , although McKern added , ‘ However , he was obviously quite correct in this regard .
’ although generally popular with members of the company , crawford left leo mckern with ‘ the [staying] impression of a young man with an inflated self-opinion regarding his importance ’ , although mckern added , ‘ however , he was obviously quite correct in this regard .

Gould was satisfied with simply selling off the remaining numbers he had bought off Lear .
gould was satisfied with simply selling off the [staying] numbers he had bought off lear .

Although Gould might have increased his funds through sponsorship , he wisely insisted on remaining independent of any institution , reserving the rewards of his labours for no one but himself .
although gould might have increased his funds through sponsorship , he wisely insisted on [staying] independent of any institution , reserving the rewards of his labours for no one but himself .

Among the remaining trees , which would one day distinguish themselves in avenues and parks , and over the heads of the labouring workmen rose clouds of parakeets and honey-eaters searching for food .
among the [staying] trees , which would one day distinguish themselves in avenues and parks , and over the heads of the labouring workmen rose clouds of parakeets and honey-eaters searching for food .

The classical sequel , which the Iraqis appear to have omitted , is then to send in infantry to mop up any remaining opposition .
the classical sequel , which the iraqis appear to have omitted , is then to send in infantry to mop up any [staying] opposition .

It was designed to rid Iran of the remaining elements of the invading force in these sectors ( some having withdrawn of their own accord ) and took the form of powerful punches to which distinctive names were generally given , evocative of important features of Islam 's past .
it was designed to rid iran of the [staying] elements of the invading force in these sectors ( some having withdrawn of their own accord ) and took the form of powerful punches to which distinctive names were generally given , evocative of important features of islam 's past .

The majority of the remaining 20 per cent are fed a complete and balanced dry dog food , such as Omega dog food .
the majority of the [staying] 20 per cent are fed a complete and balanced dry dog food , such as omega dog food .

There is , however , one remaining important element of their work .
there is , however , one [staying] important element of their work .

The scrutineers will proceed to add the number of first preference votes received by each candidate , eliminate the candidate with the lowest number of first preference votes and redistribute the votes of those giving him as their first preference amongst the two remaining candidates in accordance with their second preference .
the scrutineers will proceed to add the number of first preference votes received by each candidate , eliminate the candidate with the lowest number of first preference votes and redistribute the votes of those giving him as their first preference amongst the two [staying] candidates in accordance with their second preference .

Other potential candidates , who were remaining loyal to Ted but who it was known would come in on the second ballot if Ted were defeated , were quietly being accused of cowardice by the Neave camp .
other potential candidates , who were [staying] loyal to ted but who it was known would come in on the second ballot if ted were defeated , were quietly being accused of cowardice by the neave camp .

To meet an estimated budget deficit for 1932 of 120 million , a majority of the committee recommended cuts in Government expenditure of 97 million : 67 million to be saved from a reduction in unemployment benefits and the remaining 30 million to be found out of taxation .
to meet an estimated budget deficit for 1932 of 120 million , a majority of the committee recommended cuts in government expenditure of 97 million : 67 million to be saved from a reduction in unemployment benefits and the [staying] 30 million to be found out of taxation .

He told MacDonald that by remaining at his post with such colleagues as were still faithful to him , his position and reputation would be much more enhanced than if he succumbed ; the Prime Minister must come to some arrangement with Baldwin and Samuel to form a National Emergency Government which would restore British credit and the confidence of foreigners .
he told macdonald that by [staying] at his post with such colleagues as were still faithful to him , his position and reputation would be much more enhanced than if he succumbed ; the prime minister must come to some arrangement with baldwin and samuel to form a national emergency government which would restore british credit and the confidence of foreigners .

In cotton country women weavers made coarser cloths , quality pieces remaining a male preserve .
in cotton country women weavers made coarser cloths , quality pieces [staying] a male preserve .

‘ The Alhambra Palace is the eighth wonder of the world and it is the only remaining medieval Arab palace anywhere in the world .
‘ the alhambra palace is the eighth wonder of the world and it is the only [staying] medieval arab palace anywhere in the world .

’ His hand moved down the length of her body , stroking away her remaining garments , his eyes watching her as she shivered with delight , shaking her head wildly , and he bent his head , a growl of satisfaction leaving his throat in a completely masculine way .
’ his hand moved down the length of her body , stroking away her [staying] garments , his eyes watching her as she shivered with delight , shaking her head wildly , and he bent his head , a growl of satisfaction leaving his throat in a completely masculine way .

She managed to manoeuvre into the remaining space and got out to give somebody a piece of her mind .
she managed to manoeuvre into the [staying] space and got out to give somebody a piece of her mind .

Remembering her host 's clever trick of the night before , she had made a sandwich of the remaining ham and wrapped it carefully in one of her pocket handkerchiefs , placing it securely in the pocket of her pelisse .
remembering her host 's clever trick of the night before , she had made a sandwich of the [staying] ham and wrapped it carefully in one of her pocket handkerchiefs , placing it securely in the pocket of her pelisse .

In late July , Mrs Rosalia Alderley , accompanied by her husband and her son — on holiday from school — in addition to her remaining daughter , made a belated appearance in the seaside resort of Brighton , made fashionable by the young Prince of Wales and his followers .
in late july , mrs rosalia alderley , accompanied by her husband and her son — on holiday from school — in addition to her [staying] daughter , made a belated appearance in the seaside resort of brighton , made fashionable by the young prince of wales and his followers .

Nevertheless , some spark of remaining pride had driven her to array herself in a sprig muslin gown she had bought with the peach , topped by a pretty chipstraw bonnet that at least provided a little place to hide her face under its poking brim .
nevertheless , some spark of [staying] pride had driven her to array herself in a sprig muslin gown she had bought with the peach , topped by a pretty chipstraw bonnet that at least provided a little place to hide her face under its poking brim .

In long distance remote sensing with solar illumination the atmosphere absorbs energy in certain bands and only the remaining ‘ windows ’ are available .
in long distance remote sensing with solar illumination the atmosphere absorbs energy in certain bands and only the [staying] ‘ windows ’ are available .

Of the remaining 92.1 billion spent directly on goods and services , the most important spending categories were the National Health Service , defence , and education .
of the [staying] 92.1 billion spent directly on goods and services , the most important spending categories were the national health service , defence , and education .

Suppose for example there are two remaining producers in an industry which has now contracted to the point when it can profitably support only one firm .
suppose for example there are two [staying] producers in an industry which has now contracted to the point when it can profitably support only one firm .

The remaining four hundred you will pay through the bailiff of our town of Shrewsbury within six months from today .
the [staying] four hundred you will pay through the bailiff of our town of shrewsbury within six months from today .

Yet her homecoming and remaining at home would have to be justified , and there was no other immediate way except by assuming the direction of the household .
yet her homecoming and [staying] at home would have to be justified , and there was no other immediate way except by assuming the direction of the household .

All he could discern on that side was a shade of difference between dark and light ; but with the one eye remaining he missed very little of what went on about him , and within the week he was out of his bed and trying his skill at aim and balance about the rooms and staircases .
all he could discern on that side was a shade of difference between dark and light ; but with the one eye [staying] he missed very little of what went on about him , and within the week he was out of his bed and trying his skill at aim and balance about the rooms and staircases .

Each time an affix is removed the remaining stem must be checked to determine whether it is a valid word .
each time an affix is removed the [staying] stem must be checked to determine whether it is a valid word .

For the duration of the journey , our remaining passenger attends to his grooming — pocket mirror , spot-clean of cheek and mouth with moistened tissue , whisper of breath spray , and a quick blitz of masculine cologne .
for the duration of the journey , our [staying] passenger attends to his grooming — pocket mirror , spot-clean of cheek and mouth with moistened tissue , whisper of breath spray , and a quick blitz of masculine cologne .

‘ Dr Neil , or Dr Cochrane , if you please , ’ he said , remaining determinedly cool — to reproach her , no doubt , for what he considered misplaced pity .
‘ dr neil , or dr cochrane , if you please , ’ he said , [staying] determinedly cool — to reproach her , no doubt , for what he considered misplaced pity .

As a Harijan he benefits from the Government 's reservation scheme for these ‘ backward classes ’ and is thus assured of his job : there were only 40 eligible candidates from his category for 100 posts , whereas there were 5,000 higher-caste Hindus contesting the remaining 80 posts .
as a harijan he benefits from the government 's reservation scheme for these ‘ backward classes ’ and is thus assured of his job : there were only 40 eligible candidates from his category for 100 posts , whereas there were 5,000 higher-caste hindus contesting the [staying] 80 posts .

But such sad results does not dissuade the Protestant fundamentalists in their hunt , via motorboats and spotter planes , for any remaining indigenous people who need to be converted to their form of Christianity .
but such sad results does not dissuade the protestant fundamentalists in their hunt , via motorboats and spotter planes , for any [staying] indigenous people who need to be converted to their form of christianity .

It seemed a funny sort of freedom to me when all you saw was poor people working like crazy and getting poorer and rich people not appearing to be doing much of anything except remaining quietly rich
it seemed a funny sort of freedom to me when all you saw was poor people working like crazy and getting poorer and rich people not appearing to be doing much of anything except [staying] quietly rich

Most of the world 's remaining food genes are in the Third World which is where most food species come from — though the apple is actually one of the few exceptions , having originated in northern Eurasia .
most of the world 's [staying] food genes are in the third world which is where most food species come from — though the apple is actually one of the few exceptions , having originated in northern eurasia .

Of the seven remaining , five were then demolished and the two that remain are now under threat .
of the seven [staying] , five were then demolished and the two that remain are now under threat .

In the remaining 15 minutes we look forward to hearing from the Minister what he intends to do to advance that cause further .
in the [staying] 15 minutes we look forward to hearing from the minister what he intends to do to advance that cause further .

Order . Will hon. Members please leave the Chamber quietly if they are not remaining for this ten-minute motion ?
order . will hon. members please leave the chamber quietly if they are not [staying] for this ten-minute motion ?

As the hon. Member for Aberdeen , North ( Mr. Hughes ) has pointed out , about a quarter of offshore workers are employed by the major companies , while the remaining three quarters work for contractors .
as the hon. member for aberdeen , north ( mr. hughes ) has pointed out , about a quarter of offshore workers are employed by the major companies , while the [staying] three quarters work for contractors .

Everyone here seemed busy and it was apparent that the few gipsies still remaining in this part of the forest were on the move .
everyone here seemed busy and it was apparent that the few gipsies still [staying] in this part of the forest were on the move .

The last remaining section of Wychwood Forest belongs to the manor farm .
the last [staying] section of wychwood forest belongs to the manor farm .

Now , however , with only a passenger service remaining , the railway has as much relevance to the life of the land through which it passes as do the aeroplanes overhead .
now , however , with only a passenger service [staying] , the railway has as much relevance to the life of the land through which it passes as do the aeroplanes overhead .

Friend rightly referred to our job as a guarantor power and , in that respect , we must do everything we can with the Turks , the Greeks and the Cypriots to help Secretary-General Perez De Cuellar to make some progress in his remaining weeks of office .
friend rightly referred to our job as a guarantor power and , in that respect , we must do everything we can with the turks , the greeks and the cypriots to help secretary-general perez de cuellar to make some progress in his [staying] weeks of office .

My Department 's central estimate of reserves remaining in existing discoveries at 31 December 1985 was 1,230 million tonnes .
my department 's central estimate of reserves [staying] in existing discoveries at 31 december 1985 was 1,230 million tonnes .

Does the Secretary of State agree with Duncan McNeill , whom he appointed to promote his hospital trusts , that trust status provides an alternative to operating and remaining within the mainstream national health service ? Does he realise that for patients throughout Scotland , including those in the Edinburgh royal infirmary and the Royal hospital for sick children , that is a chilling message ?
does the secretary of state agree with duncan mcneill , whom he appointed to promote his hospital trusts , that trust status provides an alternative to operating and [staying] within the mainstream national health service ? does he realise that for patients throughout scotland , including those in the edinburgh royal infirmary and the royal hospital for sick children , that is a chilling message ?

At a time when the largest nuclear power in the world is in the process of disintegration into separate republics , when that massive nuclear arsenal is under some central control of the remaining central authorities , and when our keen concern is to ensure that that security is real , it seems absolutely unthinkable that we should not have our own protection and the ultimate assurance of an independent deterrent .
at a time when the largest nuclear power in the world is in the process of disintegration into separate republics , when that massive nuclear arsenal is under some central control of the [staying] central authorities , and when our keen concern is to ensure that that security is real , it seems absolutely unthinkable that we should not have our own protection and the ultimate assurance of an independent deterrent .

Does the Minister agree that to resolve the problem it is very important to engage those countries in the United Nations and that as Byelorussia and Ukraine are already members of the United Nations it becomes imperative — in view of his earlier answer about Russia remaining a nuclear power — for them to obtain membership of the United Nations and of the Security Council in their own right ?
does the minister agree that to resolve the problem it is very important to engage those countries in the united nations and that as byelorussia and ukraine are already members of the united nations it becomes imperative — in view of his earlier answer about russia [staying] a nuclear power — for them to obtain membership of the united nations and of the security council in their own right ?

Opposition Members can fully understand why Conservative Members do not want to ask the Prime Minister questions about Government policy , but can you confirm that the purpose and function of Prime Minister 's Question Time is to ask the Prime Minister questions about the performance of his Government ? Opposition Members would welcome the opportunity to debate Government and Opposition policies during the general election campaign , but , given that the Prime Minister does not have the guts to call an election , can you please ensure that , during the few remaining weeks of the Government 's period of office , Prime Minister 's Question Time will be used to ask the Prime Minister questions about Government policy ?
opposition members can fully understand why conservative members do not want to ask the prime minister questions about government policy , but can you confirm that the purpose and function of prime minister 's question time is to ask the prime minister questions about the performance of his government ? opposition members would welcome the opportunity to debate government and opposition policies during the general election campaign , but , given that the prime minister does not have the guts to call an election , can you please ensure that , during the few [staying] weeks of the government 's period of office , prime minister 's question time will be used to ask the prime minister questions about government policy ?

There were 11,978 unemployed claimants and 32 jobcentre vacancies remaining unfilled in the Holloway area in December 1991 , on the unadjusted basis .
there were 11,978 unemployed claimants and 32 jobcentre vacancies [staying] unfilled in the holloway area in december 1991 , on the unadjusted basis .

Is the Secretary of State aware that the management of the Albacom factory in Dundee are taking advantage of the circumstances of mass unemployment by sacking more than 100 members of the work force for the crime of taking industrial action , within the terms of the Government 's employment laws ? Will he join me and civic and religious leaders in the Dundee area in condemning such management action as an affront to natural justice ? Will he also explain why we have one of the few remaining Governments who still refuse to give legal protection to workers when they take legitimate and justified industrial action ?
is the secretary of state aware that the management of the albacom factory in dundee are taking advantage of the circumstances of mass unemployment by sacking more than 100 members of the work force for the crime of taking industrial action , within the terms of the government 's employment laws ? will he join me and civic and religious leaders in the dundee area in condemning such management action as an affront to natural justice ? will he also explain why we have one of the few [staying] governments who still refuse to give legal protection to workers when they take legitimate and justified industrial action ?

On top of the 2,300 jobs tragically lost at British Aerospace today , the textile and motor trade federations are now predicting 40,000 more job losses this year , the Building Trades Federation predicts that 50,000 more jobs will be lost this year , the Engineering Employers Federation predicts that 70,000 more jobs will be lost , and the Confederation of British Industry has said that 200,000 jobs will be lost in total unless Ministers take action . Has not the Government 's last remaining friend , the Governor of the Bank of England , now extinguished the Government 's last remaining claims to a pre-election recovery , and is it not the case that , having lost his support , the Government have now nothing left to lose but the election ?
on top of the 2,300 jobs tragically lost at british aerospace today , the textile and motor trade federations are now predicting 40,000 more job losses this year , the building trades federation predicts that 50,000 more jobs will be lost this year , the engineering employers federation predicts that 70,000 more jobs will be lost , and the confederation of british industry has said that 200,000 jobs will be lost in total unless ministers take action . has not the government 's last [staying] friend , the governor of the bank of england , now extinguished the government 's last [staying] claims to a pre-election recovery , and is it not the case that , having lost his support , the government have now nothing left to lose but the election ?

When the Labour party was in power , half of the remaining half — the other 25 per cent .
when the labour party was in power , half of the [staying] half — the other 25 per cent .

Has the Prime Minister had time today to study the Department of Trade and Industry 's figures that were released on Tuesday , which showed that over the last five years Chinese quotas for the importation of cashmere garments into the European Community have been exceeded by 500,000 units and that in 1991 the actual importation exceeded the quotas by over 400 per cent ? Is the Prime Minister aware that 500,000 cashmere jerseys are worth £75 million to textile communities such as my own in the central borders in Scotland ? Will he take a personal interest in stopping this scandalous dumping and make sure that the overshoot is clawed back during the next two years , the time remaining to the EC-Chinese trade agreement ?
has the prime minister had time today to study the department of trade and industry 's figures that were released on tuesday , which showed that over the last five years chinese quotas for the importation of cashmere garments into the european community have been exceeded by 500,000 units and that in 1991 the actual importation exceeded the quotas by over 400 per cent ? is the prime minister aware that 500,000 cashmere jerseys are worth £75 million to textile communities such as my own in the central borders in scotland ? will he take a personal interest in stopping this scandalous dumping and make sure that the overshoot is clawed back during the next two years , the time [staying] to the ec-chinese trade agreement ?

We are ensuring that the beef that we sent to St. Petersburg and Murmansk has got through , and we are tackling the remaining problems of distribution in Moscow .
we are ensuring that the beef that we sent to st. petersburg and murmansk has got through , and we are tackling the [staying] problems of distribution in moscow .

Wennington to Mar Dyke scheme should be started in the coming financial year , subject to satisfactory completion of remaining procedures .
wennington to mar dyke scheme should be started in the coming financial year , subject to satisfactory completion of [staying] procedures .

The remaining 86 per cent .
the [staying] 86 per cent .

of local government expenditure , with the remaining 15 per cent .
of local government expenditure , with the [staying] 15 per cent .

Their membership , which can not and should not be long delayed , will surely be followed by that of the remaining European Free Trade Association countries .
their membership , which can not and should not be long delayed , will surely be followed by that of the [staying] european free trade association countries .

The end of April saw the withdrawal of the last remaining freight , the weekly Wednesdays only Stanlow to Aberystwyth oil tanks .
the end of april saw the withdrawal of the last [staying] freight , the weekly wednesdays only stanlow to aberystwyth oil tanks .

Remaining manual semaphores are at Caersws Station and the Llanidloes Road crossing .
[staying] manual semaphores are at caersws station and the llanidloes road crossing .

If he considered it necessary for her to know such things , did that mean she was remaining on board after today ? Robbie longed to ask , but did n't dare tempt fate .
if he considered it necessary for her to know such things , did that mean she was [staying] on board after today ? robbie longed to ask , but did n't dare tempt fate .

Thus if the hirer subsequently pays off all the remaining instalments , ownership will pass to the hirer and straight on to the purchaser from the hirer .
thus if the hirer subsequently pays off all the [staying] instalments , ownership will pass to the hirer and straight on to the purchaser from the hirer .

Since the current Journal is becoming rather long , the remaining questions will be given in the next one .
since the current journal is becoming rather long , the [staying] questions will be given in the next one .

So , with her last remaining strength , she pushed it through the bars , and it fluttered down to his feet .
so , with her last [staying] strength , she pushed it through the bars , and it fluttered down to his feet .

That is , let us assume that this is the price the expectation of which will just suffice to maintain the existing aggregate amount of production ; some firms meanwhile rising and increasing their output and others falling and diminishing theirs ; but the aggregate production remaining unchanged .
that is , let us assume that this is the price the expectation of which will just suffice to maintain the existing aggregate amount of production ; some firms meanwhile rising and increasing their output and others falling and diminishing theirs ; but the aggregate production [staying] unchanged .

There is the possiblity of refurbishing the remaining section of the disused platform .
there is the possiblity of refurbishing the [staying] section of the disused platform .

People who have suffered cerebral injuries ( such as strokes ) , however , may lose the ability to recognise stimuli from any one of these classes whilst remaining able to recognise stimuli from the other two classes .
people who have suffered cerebral injuries ( such as strokes ) , however , may lose the ability to recognise stimuli from any one of these classes whilst [staying] able to recognise stimuli from the other two classes .

The remaining 29 companies , which were in existence before privatisation of the water authorities , serve particular localities and are responsible for water supply only .
the [staying] 29 companies , which were in existence before privatisation of the water authorities , serve particular localities and are responsible for water supply only .

Otherwise it has been a strange one , with Janice trying hard to be ‘ cultured ’ , Teddy achieving it in Janice 's eyes and Lucker remaining slightly detached .
otherwise it has been a strange one , with janice trying hard to be ‘ cultured ’ , teddy achieving it in janice 's eyes and lucker [staying] slightly detached .

The remaining work will be on the bridge itself and will entail some reconstruction of the parapet and a great deal of work on the pointing .
the [staying] work will be on the bridge itself and will entail some reconstruction of the parapet and a great deal of work on the pointing .

One could only hope that the Earl of Gloucester would realise the futility of remaining isolated in Normandy when Matilda 's cousin was already anointed and crowned , an act that even the Pope acknowledged as irrevocable , despite his disapproval of Stephen 's methods .
one could only hope that the earl of gloucester would realise the futility of [staying] isolated in normandy when matilda 's cousin was already anointed and crowned , an act that even the pope acknowledged as irrevocable , despite his disapproval of stephen 's methods .

So far fitzAlan showed no sign of remembering what had happened between them , seeming to be concentrating all his formidable will on remaining upright .
so far fitzalan showed no sign of remembering what had happened between them , seeming to be concentrating all his formidable will on [staying] upright .

She doubted she would ever sleep again while fitzAlan was in the immediate vicinity , but the prospect of remaining awake and having to keep her mask of aloof composure in place was daunting indeed .
she doubted she would ever sleep again while fitzalan was in the immediate vicinity , but the prospect of [staying] awake and having to keep her mask of aloof composure in place was daunting indeed .

Grey eyes still clouded and wide with horror , she glanced along the riverbank as though seeking the remaining soldier .
grey eyes still clouded and wide with horror , she glanced along the riverbank as though seeking the [staying] soldier .

She had n't given a thought to her lack of coif ; her mind was too occupied with trying to think of an excuse for remaining in her gown , and failing dismally .
she had n't given a thought to her lack of coif ; her mind was too occupied with trying to think of an excuse for [staying] in her gown , and failing dismally .

But then he should have known that her courage was equal to the task of remaining calm until she was alone .
but then he should have known that her courage was equal to the task of [staying] calm until she was alone .

‘ For this same reason once she had caught up with her husband ( and been sent quickly home as being very undutiful and immoral travelling about alone and not remaining in her place at home against his return ) it would have been inconceivable for her to go to the police .
‘ for this same reason once she had caught up with her husband ( and been sent quickly home as being very undutiful and immoral travelling about alone and not [staying] in her place at home against his return ) it would have been inconceivable for her to go to the police .

The dynamic painter was going against her own doctor 's advice by remaining at home , and a busy man like Dr Greene , although willing to extend the level of his professional care , could not provide the constant medical supervision available at a big hospital like Coronation .
the dynamic painter was going against her own doctor 's advice by [staying] at home , and a busy man like dr greene , although willing to extend the level of his professional care , could not provide the constant medical supervision available at a big hospital like coronation .

Nevertheless , as will be amply demonstrated throughout the remaining chapters in Part 11 , all subject devices must attempt to fulfil both objectives .
nevertheless , as will be amply demonstrated throughout the [staying] chapters in part 11 , all subject devices must attempt to fulfil both objectives .

The remaining four had all been backstage at the relevant time , or could have been , but the motives Charles had managed to dredge up for them did n't survive close scrutiny .
the [staying] four had all been backstage at the relevant time , or could have been , but the motives charles had managed to dredge up for them did n't survive close scrutiny .

Except for occasional — rare — meals at a nearby restaurant , they never went out , sending out for meals when they did n't feel like cooking , while Luke no longer even accompanied her to the various work-connected functions she sometimes had to attend at weekends , dealing with business matters of his own or else remaining at the apartment while she was out .
except for occasional — rare — meals at a nearby restaurant , they never went out , sending out for meals when they did n't feel like cooking , while luke no longer even accompanied her to the various work-connected functions she sometimes had to attend at weekends , dealing with business matters of his own or else [staying] at the apartment while she was out .

Indeed , the remaining debate between the British and other Member States on this matter now centres on the question of how much regulation ( or restriction on the freedom to trade ) there should be for banking services .
indeed , the [staying] debate between the british and other member states on this matter now centres on the question of how much regulation ( or restriction on the freedom to trade ) there should be for banking services .

it ought to be possible for partners to disagree on specifics while remaining allied in general terms and often working together in many fields .
it ought to be possible for partners to disagree on specifics while [staying] allied in general terms and often working together in many fields .

Taking expectation of all the remaining terms in equation ( 3.40 ) produces :
taking expectation of all the [staying] terms in equation ( 3.40 ) produces :

For these and other reasons more useful information about molecular structures can be obtained by photoelectron spectroscopy , where the excited electron is ejected completely instead of remaining in a higher-energy level of the molecule .
for these and other reasons more useful information about molecular structures can be obtained by photoelectron spectroscopy , where the excited electron is ejected completely instead of [staying] in a higher-energy level of the molecule .

These arise from the different effects of electron correlation in the molecule and the ion ( which of course have different numbers of electrons ) , and the effects of spontaneous relaxation of the electrons remaining in the ion as the ejected electron leaves .
these arise from the different effects of electron correlation in the molecule and the ion ( which of course have different numbers of electrons ) , and the effects of spontaneous relaxation of the electrons [staying] in the ion as the ejected electron leaves .

The manager , warmer than ever now , bustled down the aisle and made a short but moving speech about power-cuts and projectors , then asked us to bear with him . We gave him a Bronx cheer and a brief round of applause , ate and chatted our way through two more boxes of popcorn , until , finally , fifty minutes later , we were told the only remaining power was in his elbow and would we like our money back ?
the manager , warmer than ever now , bustled down the aisle and made a short but moving speech about power-cuts and projectors , then asked us to bear with him . we gave him a bronx cheer and a brief round of applause , ate and chatted our way through two more boxes of popcorn , until , finally , fifty minutes later , we were told the only [staying] power was in his elbow and would we like our money back ?

We ran the experiment in 12 sessions of eight subjects each ; eight of the sessions involved the eight groups , the remaining four sessions the subjects doing the experiment on an individual basis .
we ran the experiment in 12 sessions of eight subjects each ; eight of the sessions involved the eight groups , the [staying] four sessions the subjects doing the experiment on an individual basis .

On the remaining 243 occasions they sold some ( non-zero , non-unit ) proportion of their stock .
on the [staying] 243 occasions they sold some ( non-zero , non-unit ) proportion of their stock .

Remaining controls over the currency composition of assets can largely be characterized as being consistent with prudential asset-liability management .
[staying] controls over the currency composition of assets can largely be characterized as being consistent with prudential asset-liability management .

The preferred equation is reported as equation ( 2.4 ) in Table 2 ; this is equivalent to ( 2.3 ) but with an additional lagged inflation term that appears orthogonal to the remaining regressors .
the preferred equation is reported as equation ( 2.4 ) in table 2 ; this is equivalent to ( 2.3 ) but with an additional lagged inflation term that appears orthogonal to the [staying] regressors .

’ The young man drained his cup and sat cradling it , eyes fixed on the wine remaining in the jug .
’ the young man drained his cup and sat cradling it , eyes fixed on the wine [staying] in the jug .

Continued dissolution will result in collapse of remaining grain fragments ( Fig .
continued dissolution will result in collapse of [staying] grain fragments ( fig .

Therefore , a thin section remaining in the beam for a long time may show a decrease in luminescence intensity as ionic-bombardment and thermal diffusion take place .
therefore , a thin section [staying] in the beam for a long time may show a decrease in luminescence intensity as ionic-bombardment and thermal diffusion take place .

Neither impatient nor inattentive , she had a positive gift for remaining still and alert , her large brown eyes fixed upon him as he reconstructed those distant events , willing him to remember and recall every incident , however minor , every remark , however trivial .
neither impatient nor inattentive , she had a positive gift for [staying] still and alert , her large brown eyes fixed upon him as he reconstructed those distant events , willing him to remember and recall every incident , however minor , every remark , however trivial .

Over 85 per cent are then lent out to borrowers on mortgage , part of the remaining 15 per cent is used to buy liquid assets , a small part stays with the society 's bank as an increased holding of immediate liquidity , against the increase in deposit liabilities .
over 85 per cent are then lent out to borrowers on mortgage , part of the [staying] 15 per cent is used to buy liquid assets , a small part stays with the society 's bank as an increased holding of immediate liquidity , against the increase in deposit liabilities .

He found himself hoping that the man would succeed in his plan to take a knot of followers remaining faithful to the Aten — if they existed — out to the deserts which , he had heard , extended to the east of the Great Green , and form an outpost of the new religion there .
he found himself hoping that the man would succeed in his plan to take a knot of followers [staying] faithful to the aten — if they existed — out to the deserts which , he had heard , extended to the east of the great green , and form an outpost of the new religion there .

There is a great variety of schemes and great variation in the degree to which schools are fully comprehensive : if some schools in an area take the children who are thought to have greater academic ability , the remaining schools , even if called comprehensive , can not be considered fully so .
there is a great variety of schemes and great variation in the degree to which schools are fully comprehensive : if some schools in an area take the children who are thought to have greater academic ability , the [staying] schools , even if called comprehensive , can not be considered fully so .

( The remaining 4 % , though formally within his responsibility too , was in practice for programmes determined by United Kingdom or European Community policies . )
( the [staying] 4 % , though formally within his responsibility too , was in practice for programmes determined by united kingdom or european community policies . )

The remaining 11 % of the total educational expenditure in 1989–90 was direct spending by the Scottish Office , mostly on higher education : student awards and grants to Colleges of Education and Central Institutions .
the [staying] 11 % of the total educational expenditure in 1989–90 was direct spending by the scottish office , mostly on higher education : student awards and grants to colleges of education and central institutions .

Except for two strange items remaining in the flames —
except for two strange items [staying] in the flames —

There had been something predatory about it ; the sort of smile a fox might give the remaining chickens when he left the hen-house .
there had been something predatory about it ; the sort of smile a fox might give the [staying] chickens when he left the hen-house .

The sun crept up into the sky , with the long chain of warm , golden days remaining unbroken .
the sun crept up into the sky , with the long chain of warm , golden days [staying] unbroken .

For by remaining inside a given topic ( in this case poetry ) without setting it against what it differentiates itself from , the object of one 's attention is likely to evaporate .
for by [staying] inside a given topic ( in this case poetry ) without setting it against what it differentiates itself from , the object of one 's attention is likely to evaporate .

They see the ‘ set ’ or emphasis in practical language as being on the referent , the reality referred to , and any potentially poetic features ( such as rhyme or alliteration ) as remaining subservient to the communicative aim .
they see the ‘ set ’ or emphasis in practical language as being on the referent , the reality referred to , and any potentially poetic features ( such as rhyme or alliteration ) as [staying] subservient to the communicative aim .

He disposed of the remaining barriers between them , and even the cold water lapping against their naked bodies could n't cool her heated skin .
he disposed of the [staying] barriers between them , and even the cold water lapping against their naked bodies could n't cool her heated skin .

There was no point in remaining here , that was for sure .
there was no point in [staying] here , that was for sure .

‘ Anyway , ’ she said , speaking into the silence , and aware that her voice sounded disastrously unsteady , ‘ there 's no point remaining here , is there ?
‘ anyway , ’ she said , speaking into the silence , and aware that her voice sounded disastrously unsteady , ‘ there 's no point [staying] here , is there ?

As the aristocracy gradually lost all interest in war and soldiering , they diverted their remaining funds into frequenting courtesans , patronizing poets , holding mehfils ( literary evenings ) and constructing pavilions and pleasure gardens .
as the aristocracy gradually lost all interest in war and soldiering , they diverted their [staying] funds into frequenting courtesans , patronizing poets , holding mehfils ( literary evenings ) and constructing pavilions and pleasure gardens .

Within minutes the last remaining areas of pink stone flooring were covered with bodies and had turned homespun-white .
within minutes the last [staying] areas of pink stone flooring were covered with bodies and had turned homespun-white .

It was small , and aware of the virtues of remaining small , lurking ambiguously between hotel and pub , and retaining its hold on the local bar custom while it lured in the fanatical fishermen from half the county for weekend indulgences and occasional contests .
it was small , and aware of the virtues of [staying] small , lurking ambiguously between hotel and pub , and retaining its hold on the local bar custom while it lured in the fanatical fishermen from half the county for weekend indulgences and occasional contests .

Lesley had begun to gather up the remaining cups , but at the mention of Charlotte 's name she put down the tray abruptly , and turned with a startled smile .
lesley had begun to gather up the [staying] cups , but at the mention of charlotte 's name she put down the tray abruptly , and turned with a startled smile .

She was attracted by this place , and here was her opportunity of remaining .
she was attracted by this place , and here was her opportunity of [staying] .

He heaved himself six inches forward , and George laid an arresting hand on the remaining available ankle , and held fast .
he heaved himself six inches forward , and george laid an arresting hand on the [staying] available ankle , and held fast .

However , in this latter , the arts remained essentially unchanged with singing and drawing remaining the arts curriculum diet of pupils , whereas the opportunity was taken to advance curriculum change by the inclusion of science in the Code ( Gordon and Lawton , 1978 ; Dent , 1982 ) .
however , in this latter , the arts remained essentially unchanged with singing and drawing [staying] the arts curriculum diet of pupils , whereas the opportunity was taken to advance curriculum change by the inclusion of science in the code ( gordon and lawton , 1978 ; dent , 1982 ) .

Subsequent to the analysis by teachers of the four most popular titles , with the exception of Animal Farm , the writer completed a checklist for each of the remaining eighteen texts so that all twenty-two class readers in use in four or more of the schools were included in the analysis .
subsequent to the analysis by teachers of the four most popular titles , with the exception of animal farm , the writer completed a checklist for each of the [staying] eighteen texts so that all twenty-two class readers in use in four or more of the schools were included in the analysis .

By comparison , the remaining twenty-one male characters are introduced in unambiguously positive terms . Between them they are initially shown as sharing such traits as :
by comparison , the [staying] twenty-one male characters are introduced in unambiguously positive terms . between them they are initially shown as sharing such traits as :

With that homely air of perplexed affection that had so long endeared her to Louisa 's heart , she gave voice to a remaining consideration .
with that homely air of perplexed affection that had so long endeared her to louisa 's heart , she gave voice to a [staying] consideration .

Some caputs can be seen to be the logical successors to Roman and pre-Roman sites , the latter remaining as hillforts which may have been reoccupied in post-Roman times .
some caputs can be seen to be the logical successors to roman and pre-roman sites , the latter [staying] as hillforts which may have been reoccupied in post-roman times .

The fine Romanesque work remaining at Bredon is an indication of its importance in the twelfth century .
the fine romanesque work [staying] at bredon is an indication of its importance in the twelfth century .

Next to the church is a large earthen ringwork , clearly a castle of some importance in the Norman period with substantial defences remaining today .
next to the church is a large earthen ringwork , clearly a castle of some importance in the norman period with substantial defences [staying] today .

Familiarity with the local history of the area is very important , as detailed local knowledge , both on the ground and with the available documents and old maps , will ensure that all remaining features of such deserted settlements will be found .
familiarity with the local history of the area is very important , as detailed local knowledge , both on the ground and with the available documents and old maps , will ensure that all [staying] features of such deserted settlements will be found .

Moated sites indicating a former manor or grange are common , as are sites of fishponds , remaining as dry grassy hollows , or linear banks indicating the former dams .
moated sites indicating a former manor or grange are common , as are sites of fishponds , [staying] as dry grassy hollows , or linear banks indicating the former dams .

The ground flora , and to some extent the coppice and standard trees remaining , suggest that this is an area of ancient woodland .
the ground flora , and to some extent the coppice and standard trees [staying] , suggest that this is an area of ancient woodland .

The emotion seemed to have reached Sir Thomas early for his face was very pale , and he drank the remaining water before commencing his tale .
the emotion seemed to have reached sir thomas early for his face was very pale , and he drank the [staying] water before commencing his tale .

The effect on earnings per share of conversion of the remaining 8% convertible preference shares and the exercise of outstanding share options would not be material .
the effect on earnings per share of conversion of the [staying] 8% convertible preference shares and the exercise of outstanding share options would not be material .

In his own sons , Charlemagne 's fortunes were mixed : the eldest rebelled and was incarcerated ; the ambitions of the remaining three legitimate sons were contained when each received a substantial part of the empire to rule while Charlemagne remained in overall charge .
in his own sons , charlemagne 's fortunes were mixed : the eldest rebelled and was incarcerated ; the ambitions of the [staying] three legitimate sons were contained when each received a substantial part of the empire to rule while charlemagne remained in overall charge .

Thank you for your letter of 2nd November about Nether Wyresdale 's remaining share of Wyre Borough Lottery Fund .
thank you for your letter of 2nd november about nether wyresdale 's [staying] share of wyre borough lottery fund .

Existing use ( question 7 ) is shown as ‘ Garden Ground ’ ; it was felt that ‘ remaining area of former woodland ’ would be a more appropriate description .
existing use ( question 7 ) is shown as ‘ garden ground ’ ; it was felt that ‘ [staying] area of former woodland ’ would be a more appropriate description .

Unfortunately , there is no way , without help from the oppositions , to get into your partner 's hand to make the remaining Diamond tricks .
unfortunately , there is no way , without help from the oppositions , to get into your partner 's hand to make the [staying] diamond tricks .

At this point , there is only one possible way to make the remaining three tricks .
at this point , there is only one possible way to make the [staying] three tricks .

The most obvious targets were the remaining northern provinces of Vizcaya , Santander , Gijón and Oviedo , cut off from the rest of the Republic in three directions by Nationalist troops and on the fourth side by the sea .
the most obvious targets were the [staying] northern provinces of vizcaya , santander , gijón and oviedo , cut off from the rest of the republic in three directions by nationalist troops and on the fourth side by the sea .

In the last week of March , the remaining areas of Republican territory in the south and east of the country were taken over by the Nationalists .
in the last week of march , the [staying] areas of republican territory in the south and east of the country were taken over by the nationalists .

Thus , military men were appointed to five of the fourteen posts ; the Falangists received three portfolios ; the Carlists one ; and assorted Catholic conservatives the remaining five .
thus , military men were appointed to five of the fourteen posts ; the falangists received three portfolios ; the carlists one ; and assorted catholic conservatives the [staying] five .

Ever mindful of the utility of involving all the regime 's political `` families `` in the business of government , Franco distributed amongst them the remaining posts in his 1951 cabinet .
ever mindful of the utility of involving all the regime 's political `` families `` in the business of government , franco distributed amongst them the [staying] posts in his 1951 cabinet .

In effect , the political objective of Francoism — self-perpetuation — was now dependent upon the achievement of the economic aim of remaining solvent .
in effect , the political objective of francoism — self-perpetuation — was now dependent upon the achievement of the economic aim of [staying] solvent .

Earmarking , through reimbursement for the first year ; remaining 3 years to go where the need is greatest
earmarking , through reimbursement for the first year ; [staying] 3 years to go where the need is greatest

If any part of such a simulation is not achieved then the trainee should be credited only with the Learning Outcomes which have been achieved and will , after appropriate remediation need to work through another similar situation in order to demonstrate competence in the remaining Learning Outcomes .
if any part of such a simulation is not achieved then the trainee should be credited only with the learning outcomes which have been achieved and will , after appropriate remediation need to work through another similar situation in order to demonstrate competence in the [staying] learning outcomes .

Junctions have been divided into three categories , three junctions in each of the high and low risk categories and the remaining four junctions in the medium risk category .
junctions have been divided into three categories , three junctions in each of the high and low risk categories and the [staying] four junctions in the medium risk category .

Arrangements are being made to transfer remaining Water Operations to ground floor in main building and thereafter Meter Section/Work Study/Transport Co–ordinator and BUsiness Plan Team .
arrangements are being made to transfer [staying] water operations to ground floor in main building and thereafter meter section/work study/transport co–ordinator and business plan team .

The remaining homes will be sold on the open market .
the [staying] homes will be sold on the open market .

Martin thought about remaining still , about hiding until it had gone .
martin thought about [staying] still , about hiding until it had gone .

However , to assert that there is a very great deal remaining to be said about the mutual effects of semantics and syntax may seem a bold claim , perhaps even a surprising one , given the number of those who have worked on both areas and the many publications with titles suggesting that the two have been linked inside their covers .
however , to assert that there is a very great deal [staying] to be said about the mutual effects of semantics and syntax may seem a bold claim , perhaps even a surprising one , given the number of those who have worked on both areas and the many publications with titles suggesting that the two have been linked inside their covers .

The same is true of the remaining relation co-ordination .
the same is true of the [staying] relation co-ordination .

The important aspect of the relative clause proposal seems to be that both relative clause and postnominal adjective share the characteristics of linking an adjective to its head noun by the relation of assignment , not simple qualification , while remaining within the same entity-identifying phrase as that noun .
the important aspect of the relative clause proposal seems to be that both relative clause and postnominal adjective share the characteristics of linking an adjective to its head noun by the relation of assignment , not simple qualification , while [staying] within the same entity-identifying phrase as that noun .

Our proposal , then , is that postnominal position expresses the intensional pattern which contains an adjective linked to its head noun by assignment , while remaining part of the same phrase .
our proposal , then , is that postnominal position expresses the intensional pattern which contains an adjective linked to its head noun by assignment , while [staying] part of the same phrase .

Perhaps the most important point to be made about postverbals is to distinguish them from the adjectives in the last remaining position , the extraclausal adjectives , which occur in an identical sequence of syntactic elements , but which correspond to a different surface structure as in : ( 45 ) the two reformers persevered undaunted two stagehands appeared , breathless They have the different intensional structure :
perhaps the most important point to be made about postverbals is to distinguish them from the adjectives in the last [staying] position , the extraclausal adjectives , which occur in an identical sequence of syntactic elements , but which correspond to a different surface structure as in : ( 45 ) the two reformers persevered undaunted two stagehands appeared , breathless they have the different intensional structure :

Extensively renovated in 1986 , it remains a Leith landmark and the last remaining example of a windmill tower in this area , other than a number of ‘ doocots ’ still dotted around the Lothians and barely recognisable as windmill towers of the past .
extensively renovated in 1986 , it remains a leith landmark and the last [staying] example of a windmill tower in this area , other than a number of ‘ doocots ’ still dotted around the lothians and barely recognisable as windmill towers of the past .

Up to 1914 almost 80 % of the annual import of grain continued to be discharged from grain vessels by the highly skilled labour force expert in the use of hand tackle with the remaining 20 % being mechanically handled for bulk storage in the warehouse .
up to 1914 almost 80 % of the annual import of grain continued to be discharged from grain vessels by the highly skilled labour force expert in the use of hand tackle with the [staying] 20 % being mechanically handled for bulk storage in the warehouse .

On July 23 the remaining 47 military observers arrived .
on july 23 the [staying] 47 military observers arrived .

In the speech , marking the 28th anniversary of Malawi 's independence , he also stated that there were `` only 11 detainees remaining in our prisons today `` .
in the speech , marking the 28th anniversary of malawi 's independence , he also stated that there were `` only 11 detainees [staying] in our prisons today `` .

The only remaining threat to the carefully contrived image of party unity appeared to come from Jerry Brown , Clinton 's most dogged rival in the primaries , who had won 609 convention delegates .
the only [staying] threat to the carefully contrived image of party unity appeared to come from jerry brown , clinton 's most dogged rival in the primaries , who had won 609 convention delegates .

Of the 127 seats at stake ( one through a by-election ) , 77 were in 47 prefectural districts , where candidates were chosen by name , while the remaining 50 were in the national constituency and were allocated between the parties on the basis of proportional representation .
of the 127 seats at stake ( one through a by-election ) , 77 were in 47 prefectural districts , where candidates were chosen by name , while the [staying] 50 were in the national constituency and were allocated between the parties on the basis of proportional representation .

Only eight out of 26 ministers retained their posts in a new Cabinet announced on July 19 ; key ministries remaining in the same hands included Defence under Maj.-Gen. Khaled Nezzar and the Foreign Ministry under Lakhdar Brahimi .
only eight out of 26 ministers retained their posts in a new cabinet announced on july 19 ; key ministries [staying] in the same hands included defence under maj.-gen. khaled nezzar and the foreign ministry under lakhdar brahimi .

On May 27 it was reported that the last 119 Cuban troops remaining in Angola had arrived home in Havana , five weeks ahead of schedule [ see pp. 36479-81 for 1988 agreement under which the Cuban troops were to be withdrawn ] .
on may 27 it was reported that the last 119 cuban troops [staying] in angola had arrived home in havana , five weeks ahead of schedule [ see pp. 36479-81 for 1988 agreement under which the cuban troops were to be withdrawn ] .

Two Colombian journalists , the last remaining hostages of the nine kidnapped by the `` Extraditables `` group between August and November 1990 , were freed on May 20 in Bogotá , the capital , as the government continued to negotiate with the Medellín and Calí cartels the terms of surrender of leading `` drug barons `` .
two colombian journalists , the last [staying] hostages of the nine kidnapped by the `` extraditables `` group between august and november 1990 , were freed on may 20 in bogotá , the capital , as the government continued to negotiate with the medellín and calí cartels the terms of surrender of leading `` drug barons `` .

Delegates also voted by a margin of one in favour of government and parliament remaining in Bonn but were almost unanimous in favouring a referendum on the issue .
delegates also voted by a margin of one in favour of government and parliament [staying] in bonn but were almost unanimous in favouring a referendum on the issue .

European Community officials stated on May 20 that continuing aid would be conditional upon the country resolving ethnic conflicts and furthering economic and political reform , and that future close relations would depend on the country remaining united .
european community officials stated on may 20 that continuing aid would be conditional upon the country resolving ethnic conflicts and furthering economic and political reform , and that future close relations would depend on the country [staying] united .

The first round of municipal elections in two communes was held on June 24 , when the communists lost control of one of their two remaining communes , Martinique Macouba .
the first round of municipal elections in two communes was held on june 24 , when the communists lost control of one of their two [staying] communes , martinique macouba .

The party receiving the largest number of votes is allotted two-thirds of the seats in both houses , with the remaining seats being divided among other parties according to their electoral strength .
the party receiving the largest number of votes is allotted two-thirds of the seats in both houses , with the [staying] seats being divided among other parties according to their electoral strength .

The Vranco textile factory became Romania 's first state-owned company to undergo privatization when its shares were sold on Aug. 3 ; the Italian firm Incom purchased 51 per cent while the remaining 49 per cent were divided between staff and management .
the vranco textile factory became romania 's first state-owned company to undergo privatization when its shares were sold on aug. 3 ; the italian firm incom purchased 51 per cent while the [staying] 49 per cent were divided between staff and management .

The remaining five Democrats participated in a second nationally televised debate ( the first having been held in December ) on Jan. 19 .
the [staying] five democrats participated in a second nationally televised debate ( the first having been held in december ) on jan. 19 .

On Jan. 28 and 29 , government troops entered the remaining Gamsakhurdia strongholds of Poti and Zugdidi , after hastily negotiated ceasefires with local officials in the two towns had failed to hold .
on jan. 28 and 29 , government troops entered the [staying] gamsakhurdia strongholds of poti and zugdidi , after hastily negotiated ceasefires with local officials in the two towns had failed to hold .

In an atmosphere of great tension on the night of Aug. 20 , Muscovites defied the curfew in force from 11 p.m. , remaining assembled in large numbers to defend the `` White House `` against a rumoured impending attack by pro-coup forces .
in an atmosphere of great tension on the night of aug. 20 , muscovites defied the curfew in force from 11 p.m. , [staying] assembled in large numbers to defend the `` white house `` against a rumoured impending attack by pro-coup forces .

Six had reached plea bargain arrangements with the authorities and the remaining seven were due to be tried later in the year .
six had reached plea bargain arrangements with the authorities and the [staying] seven were due to be tried later in the year .

The principal remaining area of disagreement was the question of elections .
the principal [staying] area of disagreement was the question of elections .

Italian officials stated in early August that approximately 10,000 Albanian refugees remaining in Italy since March would not after all be repatriated forcibly .
italian officials stated in early august that approximately 10,000 albanian refugees [staying] in italy since march would not after all be repatriated forcibly .

The Italian authorities had previously said that those remaining , out of an estimated 24,000 , had until the end of July to find jobs , obtain political asylum , or be deported [ see p. 38351 ] ; the Italian attitude changed quickly , however , when on Aug. 7 a new flotilla of refugee boats appeared off Adriatic ports , with an estimated 17,000 people aboard .
the italian authorities had previously said that those [staying] , out of an estimated 24,000 , had until the end of july to find jobs , obtain political asylum , or be deported [ see p. 38351 ] ; the italian attitude changed quickly , however , when on aug. 7 a new flotilla of refugee boats appeared off adriatic ports , with an estimated 17,000 people aboard .

On Aug. 14 , the remaining refugees , numbering about 2,000 , having been given clean clothes and food , and told , in an apparent change of heart by Italy , that they could stay while their cases were examined , were taken in small groups to reception centres in distant parts of the country .
on aug. 14 , the [staying] refugees , numbering about 2,000 , having been given clean clothes and food , and told , in an apparent change of heart by italy , that they could stay while their cases were examined , were taken in small groups to reception centres in distant parts of the country .

Despite fears that the Aug. 18 funeral would attract attention from extreme right-wing groups , and counter-demonstrations from the left wing , the only violent disturbances arose in Frankfurt and in Bavaria , with the funeral itself remaining peaceful .
despite fears that the aug. 18 funeral would attract attention from extreme right-wing groups , and counter-demonstrations from the left wing , the only violent disturbances arose in frankfurt and in bavaria , with the funeral itself [staying] peaceful .

The island was then attacked from the air and , after several Iraqi soldiers had been killed , the 29 remaining members of the garrison surrendered .
the island was then attacked from the air and , after several iraqi soldiers had been killed , the 29 [staying] members of the garrison surrendered .

In accordance with legislation passed in November 1990 [ see p. 37844 ] a total of 19 new political parties were registered on Jan. 16 ; the remaining 94 applications were rejected by the authorities as `` incomplete `` .
in accordance with legislation passed in november 1990 [ see p. 37844 ] a total of 19 new political parties were registered on jan. 16 ; the [staying] 94 applications were rejected by the authorities as `` incomplete `` .

37851 ; 37914 ] , but after the rescue attempt the Extraditables threatened to kill two of the remaining four , and announced the renewal of all-out war against the police .
37851 ; 37914 ] , but after the rescue attempt the extraditables threatened to kill two of the [staying] four , and announced the renewal of all-out war against the police .

Republican budgets would get 70 per cent of receipts from the sales tax , and the union budget the remaining 30 per cent .
republican budgets would get 70 per cent of receipts from the sales tax , and the union budget the [staying] 30 per cent .

The Georgian authorities abruptly changed their position on Jan. 28 , however , with the announcement that the police reinforcements were being withdrawn , and that the remaining units would patrol jointly with Soviet troops .
the georgian authorities abruptly changed their position on jan. 28 , however , with the announcement that the police reinforcements were being withdrawn , and that the [staying] units would patrol jointly with soviet troops .

It also ordered that the cases of all remaining political prisoners should be considered before its next meeting .
it also ordered that the cases of all [staying] political prisoners should be considered before its next meeting .

Anti-Western and anti-Israeli feeling in Jordan , illustrated by large-scale demonstrations against the military attacks on Iraq , led Germany and France to advise their remaining citizens to leave the country .
anti-western and anti-israeli feeling in jordan , illustrated by large-scale demonstrations against the military attacks on iraq , led germany and france to advise their [staying] citizens to leave the country .

This majority decision reflected an unexpected alliance between the two remaining liberal Justices — Harry Blackmun , the author of the 1973 judgment , and John Paul Stevens — and an emerging centrist group consisting of Sandra Day O'Connor , Anthony Kennedy and David Souter .
this majority decision reflected an unexpected alliance between the two [staying] liberal justices — harry blackmun , the author of the 1973 judgment , and john paul stevens — and an emerging centrist group consisting of sandra day o'connor , anthony kennedy and david souter .

The remaining 70 per cent equity stake would be held initially by a `` state ownership fund `` , which would be required to sell off 10 per cent per year , with advantageous terms for the employees of the enterprise in question .
the [staying] 70 per cent equity stake would be held initially by a `` state ownership fund `` , which would be required to sell off 10 per cent per year , with advantageous terms for the employees of the enterprise in question .

The release of the Germans meant that there were no more Europeans or north Americans remaining as hostages , although a number of Lebanese and other Middle Eastern nationals , and one woman of joint Canadian and Lebanese nationality , were still held hostage .
the release of the germans meant that there were no more europeans or north americans [staying] as hostages , although a number of lebanese and other middle eastern nationals , and one woman of joint canadian and lebanese nationality , were still held hostage .

On June 16 the Iraqi government suspended the twice-daily flights between Baghdad and Basra , the last remaining domestic flights , on account of the lack of spare parts .
on june 16 the iraqi government suspended the twice-daily flights between baghdad and basra , the last [staying] domestic flights , on account of the lack of spare parts .

The remaining 27 seats were held by the International Movement , representing the Russian minority .
the [staying] 27 seats were held by the international movement , representing the russian minority .

On Sept. 11 fighting closed a bridge at Maslenica ( on the edge of the Krajina region ) which was central Croatia 's only remaining link with most of its Adriatic coast , including the ports of Split and Zadar .
on sept. 11 fighting closed a bridge at maslenica ( on the edge of the krajina region ) which was central croatia 's only [staying] link with most of its adriatic coast , including the ports of split and zadar .

It was planned to achieve total freedom of movement for capital by the end of 1992 , with remaining exchange controls to be lifted one year earlier than anticipated .
it was planned to achieve total freedom of movement for capital by the end of 1992 , with [staying] exchange controls to be lifted one year earlier than anticipated .

The government resisted this pressure , on the grounds that administrative action against the remaining communists in Romania would not help the country 's transition to a fully-fledged democracy .
the government resisted this pressure , on the grounds that administrative action against the [staying] communists in romania would not help the country 's transition to a fully-fledged democracy .

The sale of the remaining shares in the Banco Português do Atlántico , the country 's largest commercial bank , took place in December .
the sale of the [staying] shares in the banco português do atlántico , the country 's largest commercial bank , took place in december .

In another move designed to reduce upward pressure on the peseta the government on April 16 lifted its remaining controls on capital leaving the country , allowing Spanish residents to hold foreign currency accounts with banks licensed in Spain .
in another move designed to reduce upward pressure on the peseta the government on april 16 lifted its [staying] controls on capital leaving the country , allowing spanish residents to hold foreign currency accounts with banks licensed in spain .

As this deadline expired , Mandela told a mass rally in Johannesburg city hall that the government had failed to meet its obligations , and promised `` mass action `` to secure the release of remaining political detainees .
as this deadline expired , mandela told a mass rally in johannesburg city hall that the government had failed to meet its obligations , and promised `` mass action `` to secure the release of [staying] political detainees .

Although remaining on the statute books , Nemery 's version had not been applied since 1985 .
although [staying] on the statute books , nemery 's version had not been applied since 1985 .

On April 4 it was announced that all remaining quota limits on the import of foreign cars were to be ended .
on april 4 it was announced that all [staying] quota limits on the import of foreign cars were to be ended .

Hitherto , since independence from New Zealand in 1962 , 45 legislators had been elected by the 20,000 Matai — the traditional male heads of extended family groups — and the remaining two by voters of European blood who were not members of any Matai family .
hitherto , since independence from new zealand in 1962 , 45 legislators had been elected by the 20,000 matai — the traditional male heads of extended family groups — and the [staying] two by voters of european blood who were not members of any matai family .

These were the decision of the Constituent Assembly to dissolve the Congress and call fresh elections , the surrender of the country 's most notorious drug trafficker Pablo Escobar Gaviria , and peace talks between the government and the remaining two most important guerrilla groups .
these were the decision of the constituent assembly to dissolve the congress and call fresh elections , the surrender of the country 's most notorious drug trafficker pablo escobar gaviria , and peace talks between the government and the [staying] two most important guerrilla groups .

The remaining vote was declared invalid due to a technicality , although it had apparently been cast for Jones .
the [staying] vote was declared invalid due to a technicality , although it had apparently been cast for jones .

It stressed , however , that no deal had been done , that the move would not divide the coalition ranged against Iraq , and that all remaining hostages should be released forthwith .
it stressed , however , that no deal had been done , that the move would not divide the coalition ranged against iraq , and that all [staying] hostages should be released forthwith .

Chamoun was the son of former Lebanese President Camille Chamoun , and one of the last remaining hereditary leaders in Lebanon .
chamoun was the son of former lebanese president camille chamoun , and one of the last [staying] hereditary leaders in lebanon .

Although some 40 senators had refused to accept any honoraria , the remaining 60 accepted a total of more than $1,400,000 in 1990 .
although some 40 senators had refused to accept any honoraria , the [staying] 60 accepted a total of more than $1,400,000 in 1990 .

The Sejm 's draft bill provided for the direct election of less than a quarter of the 460 Sejm deputies , with the remaining seats distributed to parties proportional to the votes won by their national lists of candidates .
the sejm 's draft bill provided for the direct election of less than a quarter of the 460 sejm deputies , with the [staying] seats distributed to parties proportional to the votes won by their national lists of candidates .

The Warsaw Treaty Organization or Warsaw Pact was formally dissolved by its six remaining members — Bulgaria , Czechoslovakia , Hungary , Poland , Romania , and the Soviet Union — in Prague , the Czechoslovakian capital , on July 1 .
the warsaw treaty organization or warsaw pact was formally dissolved by its six [staying] members — bulgaria , czechoslovakia , hungary , poland , romania , and the soviet union — in prague , the czechoslovakian capital , on july 1 .

In Abkhazia , the Abkhaz population which favoured seceding from Georgia and remaining part of the Soviet Union boycotted the referendum , but the fact that the Abkhaz were a minority in their own autonomous republic was reflected in the 60 per cent turnout of voters , of whom 97.65 per cent voted `` yes `` .
in abkhazia , the abkhaz population which favoured seceding from georgia and [staying] part of the soviet union boycotted the referendum , but the fact that the abkhaz were a minority in their own autonomous republic was reflected in the 60 per cent turnout of voters , of whom 97.65 per cent voted `` yes `` .

Six others were acquitted of genocide and the remaining two were given prison sentences for the lesser crime of negligence of duty .
six others were acquitted of genocide and the [staying] two were given prison sentences for the lesser crime of negligence of duty .

September 1989 Vietnam withdraws the last of its remaining troops from Cambodia [ see pp. 36881-82 ] .
september 1989 vietnam withdraws the last of its [staying] troops from cambodia [ see pp. 36881-82 ] .

Ethnic Serbian deputies walked out of the session , and formed on Oct. 24 the `` Assembly of the Serbian Nation of Bosnia-Hercegovina `` , fixing a plebiscite on remaining in Yugoslavia for Nov. 9 and 19 .
ethnic serbian deputies walked out of the session , and formed on oct. 24 the `` assembly of the serbian nation of bosnia-hercegovina `` , fixing a plebiscite on [staying] in yugoslavia for nov. 9 and 19 .

The remaining 69 seats were allocated according to votes cast for the national lists of the 27 parties who had collected enough signatures to be eligible .
the [staying] 69 seats were allocated according to votes cast for the national lists of the 27 parties who had collected enough signatures to be eligible .

The remaining contests in February did little to clarify the picture .
the [staying] contests in february did little to clarify the picture .

The remaining deputies would be elected by proportional representation on party lists , on the basis of the number of first ballot votes won by the party 's candidates in the single-member constituencies , and with a minimum threshold of 4 per cent before a party would qualify for such seats .
the [staying] deputies would be elected by proportional representation on party lists , on the basis of the number of first ballot votes won by the party 's candidates in the single-member constituencies , and with a minimum threshold of 4 per cent before a party would qualify for such seats .

On Feb. 11 the National Assembly approved legislation abolishing the last remaining centrally fixed food prices ; nearly all retail prices in Hungary were thus liberalized .
on feb. 11 the national assembly approved legislation abolishing the last [staying] centrally fixed food prices ; nearly all retail prices in hungary were thus liberalized .

Among the hardest hit industries were motors , where Ford and Vauxhall on Feb. 7 announced cuts of over 2,000 jobs and around 300 respectively to take effect mostly from late 1992 ; aerospace , with BAe announcing on Feb. 12 some 2,350 job losses in its military and regional divisions ; coal , with several pit closures or staff reductions having been announced in January , and with a prediction by Malcolm Edwards , then British Coal 's commercial director , on Feb. 19 that the corporation could be slimmed down to possibly as few as 12 pits in the next two years ; and steel , where on Jan. 8 British Steel had confirmed the closure by September of the remaining part of its huge Ravenscraig plant in Scotland , with around 1,200 job losses .
among the hardest hit industries were motors , where ford and vauxhall on feb. 7 announced cuts of over 2,000 jobs and around 300 respectively to take effect mostly from late 1992 ; aerospace , with bae announcing on feb. 12 some 2,350 job losses in its military and regional divisions ; coal , with several pit closures or staff reductions having been announced in january , and with a prediction by malcolm edwards , then british coal 's commercial director , on feb. 19 that the corporation could be slimmed down to possibly as few as 12 pits in the next two years ; and steel , where on jan. 8 british steel had confirmed the closure by september of the [staying] part of its huge ravenscraig plant in scotland , with around 1,200 job losses .

On May 19 Francis Vaudier , the sole remaining opposition member in parliament , suspended indefinitely his activities in the National Assembly .
on may 19 francis vaudier , the sole [staying] opposition member in parliament , suspended indefinitely his activities in the national assembly .

Of these , 3,434 had been designated as genuine refugees , 22,466 had failed the screening process and had been designated as `` economic migrants `` and the remaining 29,562 awaited screening .
of these , 3,434 had been designated as genuine refugees , 22,466 had failed the screening process and had been designated as `` economic migrants `` and the [staying] 29,562 awaited screening .

The remaining five seats , allocated for election by minority communities such as Chinese , Europeans and other Pacific islanders , were all filled by candidates of the General Voters ' Party ( until 1990 the General Electors ' Association ) .
the [staying] five seats , allocated for election by minority communities such as chinese , europeans and other pacific islanders , were all filled by candidates of the general voters ' party ( until 1990 the general electors ' association ) .

On the evening of May 8 , following continued intensive shelling of Stepanakert , Armenian forces began a massive assault on Shusha — the last remaining Azerbaijani stronghold within Nagorny Karabakh — which ended in victory on May 9 and left the Armenians with overall control of the disputed enclave for the first time .
on the evening of may 8 , following continued intensive shelling of stepanakert , armenian forces began a massive assault on shusha — the last [staying] azerbaijani stronghold within nagorny karabakh — which ended in victory on may 9 and left the armenians with overall control of the disputed enclave for the first time .

Legislation planned for 1991 would remove some of the remaining pillars of apartheid , government sources announced in late December .
legislation planned for 1991 would remove some of the [staying] pillars of apartheid , government sources announced in late december .

The remaining Assembly seats went to the Democratic Community of Vojvodina Hungarians ( eight ) , independents ( eight ) , the Democratic Party ( seven ) , the Party of Democratic Action ( three ) , the Alliance of Reform Forces of Vojvodina ( two ) , the Party of Serbian Peasants ' Union ( two ) , and to seven other parties taking one seat each .
the [staying] assembly seats went to the democratic community of vojvodina hungarians ( eight ) , independents ( eight ) , the democratic party ( seven ) , the party of democratic action ( three ) , the alliance of reform forces of vojvodina ( two ) , the party of serbian peasants ' union ( two ) , and to seven other parties taking one seat each .

Prior to the election all 469 remaining " senior parliamentarians " ( those elected to mainland Chinese seats in the late 1940s ) officially retired ; in addition a further 81 " senior " members of the Legislative Yuan and 15 " senior " members of the Control Yuan also retired , ahead of elections to both organs in December 1992 .
prior to the election all 469 [staying] " senior parliamentarians " ( those elected to mainland chinese seats in the late 1940s ) officially retired ; in addition a further 81 " senior " members of the legislative yuan and 15 " senior " members of the control yuan also retired , ahead of elections to both organs in december 1992 .

After the withdrawal of the ground forces of the " Provide Comfort " operation [ see pp. 38357 ; 38450-51 ] the remaining forces , described in some reports as a 48-warplane deterrent force ( backed up by a United States aircraft carrier in the eastern Mediterranean ) were deployed at joint Turkish-United States air bases at Incirlik and Pirinclick .
after the withdrawal of the ground forces of the " provide comfort " operation [ see pp. 38357 ; 38450-51 ] the [staying] forces , described in some reports as a 48-warplane deterrent force ( backed up by a united states aircraft carrier in the eastern mediterranean ) were deployed at joint turkish-united states air bases at incirlik and pirinclick .

The second round planned for Jan. 16 would select deputies for the remaining 199 seats in which no candidate had won an absolute majority on Dec. 26 .
the second round planned for jan. 16 would select deputies for the [staying] 199 seats in which no candidate had won an absolute majority on dec. 26 .

The Italian embassy was sacked and by Nov. 20 its remaining staff had been evacuated from the country .
the italian embassy was sacked and by nov. 20 its [staying] staff had been evacuated from the country .

The three remaining Sunni factions were said to be refusing to talk to Kabul .
the three [staying] sunni factions were said to be refusing to talk to kabul .

During the meeting , which lasted more than 14 hours , party members voted in an open vote by 55 to 22 in favour of Haughey remaining leader .
during the meeting , which lasted more than 14 hours , party members voted in an open vote by 55 to 22 in favour of haughey [staying] leader .

The plan involved the replacement of the current 130 constituencies ( each of which had up to six seats ) with some 300 single-member constituencies , with the remaining 200 seats distributed on the basis of proportional representation .
the plan involved the replacement of the current 130 constituencies ( each of which had up to six seats ) with some 300 single-member constituencies , with the [staying] 200 seats distributed on the basis of proportional representation .

There is a 48-member Citizens ' Assembly ( Majlis ) , 40 of whose members are elected for a five-year term ; the remaining eight are appointed by the President .
there is a 48-member citizens ' assembly ( majlis ) , 40 of whose members are elected for a five-year term ; the [staying] eight are appointed by the president .

Abbas Ibrahim ( Illyas Ibrahim 's brother and Gayoom 's brother-in-law ) was moved to Agriculture and Fisheries from Transport and Shipping , the latter post remaining vacant .
abbas ibrahim ( illyas ibrahim 's brother and gayoom 's brother-in-law ) was moved to agriculture and fisheries from transport and shipping , the latter post [staying] vacant .

Two remaining segments , along the Sumpul and Torola rivers , were apportioned between the two countries .
two [staying] segments , along the sumpul and torola rivers , were apportioned between the two countries .

The crisis was triggered on Nov. 1 by the resignation of Sir Geoffrey Howe , Deputy Prime Minister , Lord President of the Council and Leader of the House of Commons since July 1989 [ see p. 36819 ] and the only remaining member of Thatcher 's original 1979 Cabinet apart from the Prime Minister herself .
the crisis was triggered on nov. 1 by the resignation of sir geoffrey howe , deputy prime minister , lord president of the council and leader of the house of commons since july 1989 [ see p. 36819 ] and the only [staying] member of thatcher 's original 1979 cabinet apart from the prime minister herself .

The elections had been called in early October [ see p. 37724 ] after President Wojciech Jaruzelski , the last remaining communist head of state in eastern Europe except for that of Albania , had agreed to resign just over a year into his six-year term and to transfer power to a freely elected head of state .
the elections had been called in early october [ see p. 37724 ] after president wojciech jaruzelski , the last [staying] communist head of state in eastern europe except for that of albania , had agreed to resign just over a year into his six-year term and to transfer power to a freely elected head of state .

After changing their pleas to guilty 19 of the defendants were given suspended sentences ; the remaining defendant was acquitted .
after changing their pleas to guilty 19 of the defendants were given suspended sentences ; the [staying] defendant was acquitted .

Under the prevailing laws only some 20,000 traditional chiefs ( Matai ) were allowed to vote in elections to 45 seats in the Fono , while voters of European blood who were not members of a Matai family elected the remaining two seats .
under the prevailing laws only some 20,000 traditional chiefs ( matai ) were allowed to vote in elections to 45 seats in the fono , while voters of european blood who were not members of a matai family elected the [staying] two seats .

Vice-President Itamar Franco , who had been acting President since Collor 's suspension in September , was immediately sworn in by a joint session of the Congress as President for the remaining two years of the five-year presidential term .
vice-president itamar franco , who had been acting president since collor 's suspension in september , was immediately sworn in by a joint session of the congress as president for the [staying] two years of the five-year presidential term .

Of the 90 members of the National Assembly , serving a four-year term , 40 were directly elected ; the remaining 50 were distributed by the Republican Electoral Commission according to a proportional representation system among those eight parties which had reached the threshold for parliamentary representation by winning 3 per cent or more of the vote .
of the 90 members of the national assembly , serving a four-year term , 40 were directly elected ; the [staying] 50 were distributed by the republican electoral commission according to a proportional representation system among those eight parties which had reached the threshold for parliamentary representation by winning 3 per cent or more of the vote .

Of the 40 members of the State Council , serving a five-year term , 22 members were directly elected on Dec. 6 , and the remaining 18 , representing professional and other interest groups , were chosen on Dec. 10 .
of the 40 members of the state council , serving a five-year term , 22 members were directly elected on dec. 6 , and the [staying] 18 , representing professional and other interest groups , were chosen on dec. 10 .

The court also overturned an Oct. 19 decision by Michael Heseltine , the President of the Board of Trade , taken following a public outcry , to postpone the closure of 21 of the pits subject to a review and to close the remaining 10 after 30 days of consultation .
the court also overturned an oct. 19 decision by michael heseltine , the president of the board of trade , taken following a public outcry , to postpone the closure of 21 of the pits subject to a review and to close the [staying] 10 after 30 days of consultation .

On March 9 , on the eve of Super Tuesday , Harkin announced the ending of his campaign , but avoided expressing a preference for any of the remaining Democratic candidates .
on march 9 , on the eve of super tuesday , harkin announced the ending of his campaign , but avoided expressing a preference for any of the [staying] democratic candidates .

Tsongas did not endorse either of the remaining candidates , and stated that he would retain his 430 hard-won delegates until the party convention in July .
tsongas did not endorse either of the [staying] candidates , and stated that he would retain his 430 hard-won delegates until the party convention in july .

Under the new arrangement those in receipt of hard currency would be required to surrender 35 per cent to the central bank at an official rate determined by the rupee 's value against a basket of currencies , while the remaining 65 per cent could be exchanged on the open market .
under the new arrangement those in receipt of hard currency would be required to surrender 35 per cent to the central bank at an official rate determined by the rupee 's value against a basket of currencies , while the [staying] 65 per cent could be exchanged on the open market .

The overwhelming majority of Serbs , who accounted for some 31 per cent of the population , boycotted the referendum on the grounds that they had already made clear their preference in local referendums for Bosnia-Hercegovina remaining within Yugoslavia .
the overwhelming majority of serbs , who accounted for some 31 per cent of the population , boycotted the referendum on the grounds that they had already made clear their preference in local referendums for bosnia-hercegovina [staying] within yugoslavia .

Montenegrins on March 1 voted overwhelmingly in favour of the republic remaining part of Yugoslavia .
montenegrins on march 1 voted overwhelmingly in favour of the republic [staying] part of yugoslavia .

Chinese officials expressed anger at his reform package and , according to the Far Eastern Economic Review of Nov. 5 , threatened retaliation which could make Hong Kong virtually ungovernable in the five remaining years of British rule .
chinese officials expressed anger at his reform package and , according to the far eastern economic review of nov. 5 , threatened retaliation which could make hong kong virtually ungovernable in the five [staying] years of british rule .

He stated that he intended to visit the island in the near future in order to supervise the restoration of services and to ask remaining rebel units to surrender .
he stated that he intended to visit the island in the near future in order to supervise the restoration of services and to ask [staying] rebel units to surrender .

By-elections for the five remaining seats in the 128-member National Assembly were held on Oct. 11 [ see pp. 39071 ; 39117 ; for details of general election held in late August and early September ] .
by-elections for the five [staying] seats in the 128-member national assembly were held on oct. 11 [ see pp. 39071 ; 39117 ; for details of general election held in late august and early september ] .

The opposition was calling for Dudayev 's resignation and for a referendum on Chechnia 's remaining part of Russia .
the opposition was calling for dudayev 's resignation and for a referendum on chechnia 's [staying] part of russia .

With the dismissal of the Iranian initiative , remaining hopes of settling the conflict without a land war focused on Soviet mediation efforts , President Gorbachev having announced on Feb. 9 that he was sending his personal envoy Yevgeny Primakov to Baghdad .
with the dismissal of the iranian initiative , [staying] hopes of settling the conflict without a land war focused on soviet mediation efforts , president gorbachev having announced on feb. 9 that he was sending his personal envoy yevgeny primakov to baghdad .

Of these , the 30,000 who were still capable of resistance at the time of the ceasefire were to be allowed to return to Baghdad through the encircling allied forces although they were not to be permitted to take their remaining 700 or so tanks .
of these , the 30,000 who were still capable of resistance at the time of the ceasefire were to be allowed to return to baghdad through the encircling allied forces although they were not to be permitted to take their [staying] 700 or so tanks .

In its first act the Constitutional Assembly denounced the use of violence , calling on guerrillas still fighting to renounce armed struggle , and asking the Medellín cartel to release the three remaining journalists they were holding as hostages [ see pp .
in its first act the constitutional assembly denounced the use of violence , calling on guerrillas still fighting to renounce armed struggle , and asking the medellín cartel to release the three [staying] journalists they were holding as hostages [ see pp .

Delegates voted in favour of becoming a political party rather than remaining a more loosely organized movement , and approved a draft statute emphasizing the development of a market economy and support for private business .
delegates voted in favour of becoming a political party rather than [staying] a more loosely organized movement , and approved a draft statute emphasizing the development of a market economy and support for private business .

Reports issued by human rights organizations claimed that members of the civilian population remaining in Kuwait were being subjected to brutal torture and repression .
reports issued by human rights organizations claimed that members of the civilian population [staying] in kuwait were being subjected to brutal torture and repression .

The tort may be committed by entry on land , remaining on land , or by placing objects on land .
the tort may be committed by entry on land , [staying] on land , or by placing objects on land .

Trespass by remaining on land
trespass by [staying] on land

Note : If the only remaining members would be registered foreign lawyers those members could not accept all the shares because under the Rules there must be at least one solicitor member .
note : if the only [staying] members would be registered foreign lawyers those members could not accept all the shares because under the rules there must be at least one solicitor member .

Note : If the only remaining members would be registered foreign lawyers those members could not accept all the shares because under the Rules there must be at least one solicitor member .
note : if the only [staying] members would be registered foreign lawyers those members could not accept all the shares because under the rules there must be at least one solicitor member .

The remaining ten might be useful `` when there was no preacher in their own or neighbouring societies provided they would take no step without the advice of those who had more experience than themselves `` .
the [staying] ten might be useful `` when there was no preacher in their own or neighbouring societies provided they would take no step without the advice of those who had more experience than themselves `` .

On a 1780 base ( =100 ) the real-wage index was 86 in 1793 , and even if the 1801 and 1812 price extremes are excluded ( 55 and 53 ) the average real-wage index for the remaining war years is still only 77.7 compared with 91.2 for 1780 to 1792 .
on a 1780 base ( =100 ) the real-wage index was 86 in 1793 , and even if the 1801 and 1812 price extremes are excluded ( 55 and 53 ) the average real-wage index for the [staying] war years is still only 77.7 compared with 91.2 for 1780 to 1792 .

Among the men the discussion of politics , the destruction of game , or the dissipation of the ale house was substituted for the duties of their occupation during the former part of the week , and in the remaining three or four days a sufficiency was earned for defraying the current expenses .
among the men the discussion of politics , the destruction of game , or the dissipation of the ale house was substituted for the duties of their occupation during the former part of the week , and in the [staying] three or four days a sufficiency was earned for defraying the current expenses .

The remaining test utterances were not incorrectly identified ; the system simply generated too many partial interpretations and so failed to give a response within the resource limits of the trial .
the [staying] test utterances were not incorrectly identified ; the system simply generated too many partial interpretations and so failed to give a response within the resource limits of the trial .

For example , the mixed representation of a brief account , , will be parsed into agree the count , because the first four phonemes can be matched to the long word agree and because there is a possible parsing into words of the remaining phonemes .
for example , the mixed representation of a brief account , , will be parsed into agree the count , because the first four phonemes can be matched to the long word agree and because there is a possible parsing into words of the [staying] phonemes .

The difference between the situation of such characters and the readers and that of the remaining characters within the fabliaux makes irony a typical feature of the experience of reading a fabliau .
the difference between the situation of such characters and the readers and that of the [staying] characters within the fabliaux makes irony a typical feature of the experience of reading a fabliau .

Of the remaining 120 fabliaux recognized in the Nouveau Recueil Complet des Fabliaux , more than half exist in a single copy , and fewer than twenty of the more innocently titled fabliaux exist in four or more manuscript copies .
of the [staying] 120 fabliaux recognized in the nouveau recueil complet des fabliaux , more than half exist in a single copy , and fewer than twenty of the more innocently titled fabliaux exist in four or more manuscript copies .

All of the remaining medieval English examples of the fabliau are found in Chaucer 's Canterbury Tales .
all of the [staying] medieval english examples of the fabliau are found in chaucer 's canterbury tales .

If the body is dissolved for any reason the remaining assets shall go to some other charitable organisation .
if the body is dissolved for any reason the [staying] assets shall go to some other charitable organisation .

However as regards 40 % of the subjects examined the correlations were not significant and in the remaining subjects they were significant but low .
however as regards 40 % of the subjects examined the correlations were not significant and in the [staying] subjects they were significant but low .

Over three quarters ( 76.6 % ) followed three and four year degree courses while the remaining students took a variety of two year diploma courses .
over three quarters ( 76.6 % ) followed three and four year degree courses while the [staying] students took a variety of two year diploma courses .

Willis , on his return from hospital , had taken up his quarters there , though he was no trouble , remaining quietly in the spare cabin without even attempting to watch the river 's daily traffic .
willis , on his return from hospital , had taken up his quarters there , though he was no trouble , [staying] quietly in the spare cabin without even attempting to watch the river 's daily traffic .

Add the remaining chunks of fish and cook for 5 minutes .
add the [staying] chunks of fish and cook for 5 minutes .

Whisk the egg whites stiffly , add half the sugar and whisk until stiff again ; fold in the remaining sugar , then the chocolate mixture .
whisk the egg whites stiffly , add half the sugar and whisk until stiff again ; fold in the [staying] sugar , then the chocolate mixture .

Put the chunks of lamb into a large bowl and add all the remaining ingredients .
put the chunks of lamb into a large bowl and add all the [staying] ingredients .

Spoon the spinach filling onto the filo sheets and cover with the remaining filo sheets , brushing between layers with melted butter as above .
spoon the spinach filling onto the filo sheets and cover with the [staying] filo sheets , brushing between layers with melted butter as above .

Put onion mixture and remaining ingredients into a processor and whizz together .
put onion mixture and [staying] ingredients into a processor and whizz together .

Brush kebabs with a little of the remaining oil and cook under a hot grill for 4 minutes .
brush kebabs with a little of the [staying] oil and cook under a hot grill for 4 minutes .

Mix remaining sugar with the breadcrumbs .
mix [staying] sugar with the breadcrumbs .

Melt the remaining Lurpak in a frying pan .
melt the [staying] lurpak in a frying pan .

Whisk the egg whites until stiff and whisk in remaining sugar .
whisk the egg whites until stiff and whisk in [staying] sugar .

Melt the remaining plain chocolate in a pan with the cream .
melt the [staying] plain chocolate in a pan with the cream .

Mix the eggs and remaining sugar .
mix the eggs and [staying] sugar .

Melt the remaining chocolate with the cream .
melt the [staying] chocolate with the cream .

Grate the remaining white chocolate and roll the white truffles in it .
grate the [staying] white chocolate and roll the white truffles in it .

Carefully fold in the remaining sugar and cocoa .
carefully fold in the [staying] sugar and cocoa .

Melt the remaining plain chocolate and the white chocolate in separate bowls over hot water .
melt the [staying] plain chocolate and the white chocolate in separate bowls over hot water .

Whisk the egg whites with the remaining sugar until stiff , then fold into the chocolate mixture and tip into the prepared tin .
whisk the egg whites with the [staying] sugar until stiff , then fold into the chocolate mixture and tip into the prepared tin .

Roll just over half of the remaining marzipan to fit the top of the cake .
roll just over half of the [staying] marzipan to fit the top of the cake .

Roll remaining marzipan into 11 even-sized balls .
roll [staying] marzipan into 11 even-sized balls .

Remove the pork from the tin , stir the breadcrumbs and remaining oil into the pan juices .
remove the pork from the tin , stir the breadcrumbs and [staying] oil into the pan juices .

Mix a little of the stock with the cornflour to make a paste , then add remaining stock and tomato purée .
mix a little of the stock with the cornflour to make a paste , then add [staying] stock and tomato purée .

Wipe dry and place in a warm oven for a few minutes to remove any remaining moisture .
wipe dry and place in a warm oven for a few minutes to remove any [staying] moisture .

Decorate the top with the remaining whipped cream and lemon rind .
decorate the top with the [staying] whipped cream and lemon rind .

Strain the cooking liquid into the remaining milk .
strain the cooking liquid into the [staying] milk .

Beat the remaining butter into the potatoes , season to taste and spread evenly over the fish .
beat the [staying] butter into the potatoes , season to taste and spread evenly over the fish .

Scatter the remaining cheese over the top and bake for 30 minutes until golden .
scatter the [staying] cheese over the top and bake for 30 minutes until golden .

It is obvious that the remaining members of the Commission of Enquiry must have been shaken by the events in God 's Gift .
it is obvious that the [staying] members of the commission of enquiry must have been shaken by the events in god 's gift .

Millford describes Shaw as a `` moneyed man `` and able to clear small remaining debts .
millford describes shaw as a `` moneyed man `` and able to clear small [staying] debts .

( If ) At any time within a year the said Wm Roe by writing in his own band signified that he intended to have a 21 year lease from the date hereof " paying one-fifteenth part of the 1st 7 years and one-twelfth for the remaining 14 years such lease will be executed . "
( if ) at any time within a year the said wm roe by writing in his own band signified that he intended to have a 21 year lease from the date hereof " paying one-fifteenth part of the 1st 7 years and one-twelfth for the [staying] 14 years such lease will be executed . "

It is probable that Sheffield did make a start , for a fresh lease was issued to him on 5 December 1806 for the remaining 18 years of his term by Lady Anne Frederica Elizabeth le Fleming — Sir Michael had died .
it is probable that sheffield did make a start , for a fresh lease was issued to him on 5 december 1806 for the [staying] 18 years of his term by lady anne frederica elizabeth le fleming — sir michael had died .

If however , there was no open way remaining , then the rising main must have been brought all the way up to the top of the shaft .
if however , there was no open way [staying] , then the rising main must have been brought all the way up to the top of the shaft .

It has a vocabulary of 850 words , some 70 % nouns , 18 % adjectives and adverbs , 2 % verbs and the remaining 10 % structure words .
it has a vocabulary of 850 words , some 70 % nouns , 18 % adjectives and adverbs , 2 % verbs and the [staying] 10 % structure words .

1 In linguistics , any series of symbols in a representation of a linguistic item has an environment , which includes the remaining symbols but excludes symbols representing constituents of the item it represents , and a context of the item , again excluding items of the which the symbol concerned is itself a constituent .
1 in linguistics , any series of symbols in a representation of a linguistic item has an environment , which includes the [staying] symbols but excludes symbols representing constituents of the item it represents , and a context of the item , again excluding items of the which the symbol concerned is itself a constituent .

There are portions of the original stalls remaining and some trace of the rood door .
there are portions of the original stalls [staying] and some trace of the rood door .

We know that at a later date there were steps down to the river as Thorpe tells us that in his time there was a handsome flight of stone stairs remaining which extended from the Palace to the low water mark .
we know that at a later date there were steps down to the river as thorpe tells us that in his time there was a handsome flight of stone stairs [staying] which extended from the palace to the low water mark .

During his remaining years here he continued to be active as a Justice of the Peace .
during his [staying] years here he continued to be active as a justice of the peace .

The remaining wood was cut into thatching rods , hurdle rods , wheel timbers , piles and props .
the [staying] wood was cut into thatching rods , hurdle rods , wheel timbers , piles and props .

The factory rapidly expanded and this led to the almost total destruction of the remaining parts of the Bishop 's Palace .
the factory rapidly expanded and this led to the almost total destruction of the [staying] parts of the bishop 's palace .

In 1542 he rallied the Abyssinian forces , reassembled the remaining Portuguese and surprised the Muslim army near Lake Tana .
in 1542 he rallied the abyssinian forces , reassembled the [staying] portuguese and surprised the muslim army near lake tana .

However , if we look at the remaining 20 % of sessions we find that they fall into two classes .
however , if we look at the [staying] 20 % of sessions we find that they fall into two classes .

Repeated attempts to gain information from the remaining three produced no results .
repeated attempts to gain information from the [staying] three produced no results .

It is worse than inadequate because , unlike the inadequate shape shown earlier , which still allows the remaining space to be filled , this one blocks the space .
it is worse than inadequate because , unlike the inadequate shape shown earlier , which still allows the [staying] space to be filled , this one blocks the space .

The remaining three sides of the square still had their original superior tradesmen 's villas , built around 1840 .
the [staying] three sides of the square still had their original superior tradesmen 's villas , built around 1840 .

On shore the remaining sheep were released with their new stud ram , whereupon they scattered over the grazing as if nothing had ever disturbed their tranquillity .
on shore the [staying] sheep were released with their new stud ram , whereupon they scattered over the grazing as if nothing had ever disturbed their tranquillity .

‘ The shadow of the dome of pleasure ’ flashes past on the waves like a sequence of film , while the poet reflects on what he has seen previously , the only thing now remaining being the sense of wonder amidst the conciliation of paradox and the momentary solution of metaphysical inquiry :
‘ the shadow of the dome of pleasure ’ flashes past on the waves like a sequence of film , while the poet reflects on what he has seen previously , the only thing now [staying] being the sense of wonder amidst the conciliation of paradox and the momentary solution of metaphysical inquiry :

In the remaining 40 patients ( 27.3 % ) clearance of the ducts was not achieved because of the aberrant position of the papilla ( seven ) , large size of the stones ( 17 ) , distorted common bile douct ( four ) , presence of a biliary stricture distal to the stones ( five ) or in the presence of serious clinical conditions in which endoprosthesis insertion was considered the most rapid means of establishing drainage ( seven ) .
in the [staying] 40 patients ( 27.3 % ) clearance of the ducts was not achieved because of the aberrant position of the papilla ( seven ) , large size of the stones ( 17 ) , distorted common bile douct ( four ) , presence of a biliary stricture distal to the stones ( five ) or in the presence of serious clinical conditions in which endoprosthesis insertion was considered the most rapid means of establishing drainage ( seven ) .

In the remaining 27 patients endoprosthesis insertion was considered definitive treatment .
in the [staying] 27 patients endoprosthesis insertion was considered definitive treatment .

The remaining patient , a 60 year old man with severe respiratory and left ventricular failure died from sepsis .
the [staying] patient , a 60 year old man with severe respiratory and left ventricular failure died from sepsis .

The remaining patients ( 23 ) have remained asymptomatic with respect to the biliary system or have died of unrelated causes at amedian of 13 months ( range 5–24 ) .
the [staying] patients ( 23 ) have remained asymptomatic with respect to the biliary system or have died of unrelated causes at amedian of 13 months ( range 5–24 ) .

In the same year Forbes described 22 patients with contraindications for surgery in which an endoprosthesis was placed , of these four ( 18 % ) developed cholangitis , three had a repeat endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography with clearance of the ducts , and two died of unrelated causes , the remaining patients were followed up for a mean of 14 months with no complications ( 17 ) .
in the same year forbes described 22 patients with contraindications for surgery in which an endoprosthesis was placed , of these four ( 18 % ) developed cholangitis , three had a repeat endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography with clearance of the ducts , and two died of unrelated causes , the [staying] patients were followed up for a mean of 14 months with no complications ( 17 ) .

Cotton also presented in 1987 17 patients , two ( 12 % ) developed biliary related problems requring surgery , one having a stormy postoperative period but no deaths ; two had a second endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography with duct clearance and five died of unrelated causes ; the remaining eight patients were followed for a mean of 39 months .
cotton also presented in 1987 17 patients , two ( 12 % ) developed biliary related problems requring surgery , one having a stormy postoperative period but no deaths ; two had a second endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography with duct clearance and five died of unrelated causes ; the [staying] eight patients were followed for a mean of 39 months .

Ten patients died of unrelated causes and the remaining 10 were followed up for a mean of 26 months with no biliary symptoms .
ten patients died of unrelated causes and the [staying] 10 were followed up for a mean of 26 months with no biliary symptoms .

It is unclear , however , why the columnarisation is prone to complications in some patients while remaining quiescent in others .
it is unclear , however , why the columnarisation is prone to complications in some patients while [staying] quiescent in others .

After an episode of acid reflux , secondary oesophageal peristalsis can reduce the remaining bolus to less than 1 ml .
after an episode of acid reflux , secondary oesophageal peristalsis can reduce the [staying] bolus to less than 1 ml .

In a pair of experiments designed to determine the amount of Ac-ASA remaining intracellularly after up to six washings , the amount of Ac-ASA present intracellularly stayed remarkably constant , following an initial drop which probably represents the removal of major surface contamination ( Fig 6 ) .
in a pair of experiments designed to determine the amount of ac-asa [staying] intracellularly after up to six washings , the amount of ac-asa present intracellularly stayed remarkably constant , following an initial drop which probably represents the removal of major surface contamination ( fig 6 ) .

One third of the failures are caused by the development of an afunctional gall bladder which precludes the dissolution of the remaining small fragments .
one third of the failures are caused by the development of an afunctional gall bladder which precludes the dissolution of the [staying] small fragments .

With the exception of two women ( one Afro-Caribbean and one Pakistani ) , the remaining 91 were white .
with the exception of two women ( one afro-caribbean and one pakistani ) , the [staying] 91 were white .

Before primary gall stone dissolution , 16 patients had had solitary stones : the remaining 77 had had multiple stones .
before primary gall stone dissolution , 16 patients had had solitary stones : the [staying] 77 had had multiple stones .

Two further patients could not tolerate the high fibre diet and the remaining three defaulted for no apparent reason .
two further patients could not tolerate the high fibre diet and the [staying] three defaulted for no apparent reason .

This subgroup of 11 defaulters was comparable with the remaining group of 82 patients in terms of age , sex , body weight , and distribution among the three treatment groups .
this subgroup of 11 defaulters was comparable with the [staying] group of 82 patients in terms of age , sex , body weight , and distribution among the three treatment groups .

In these and the remaining 70 patients , the serum lipids remained unchanged throughout the study .
in these and the [staying] 70 patients , the serum lipids remained unchanged throughout the study .

In the remaining 11 , the recurrence was detected 6 to 18 months earlier by ultrasonagraphy , than by oral cholecystectography .
in the [staying] 11 , the recurrence was detected 6 to 18 months earlier by ultrasonagraphy , than by oral cholecystectography .

In comparison four of seven with the remaining cases , chronic diarrhoea was more frequent in those who had travelled abroad ( χ 2 test , p < 0.005 ) , and just significantly increased in patients from itinerant families ( p < 0.05 ) .
in comparison four of seven with the [staying] cases , chronic diarrhoea was more frequent in those who had travelled abroad ( χ 2 test , p < 0.005 ) , and just significantly increased in patients from itinerant families ( p < 0.05 ) .

The remaining six biopsy samples were divided into pairs and washed in 1 ml of Tris saline buffer .
the [staying] six biopsy samples were divided into pairs and washed in 1 ml of tris saline buffer .

In six cases the diagnosis was confirmed shortly before the scan ; the remaining 27 had long standing disease ( mean duration 8.4 years , range 1–32 ) .
in six cases the diagnosis was confirmed shortly before the scan ; the [staying] 27 had long standing disease ( mean duration 8.4 years , range 1–32 ) .

All patients had many lesions on endoscopic retrograde cholangiography , which were confined to the intrahepatic system ( above the confluence of the main right and left hepatic ducts ) in two , limited to the extrahepatic ducts in three , and were more widespread in the remaining 15 ( Fig 1 ) .
all patients had many lesions on endoscopic retrograde cholangiography , which were confined to the intrahepatic system ( above the confluence of the main right and left hepatic ducts ) in two , limited to the extrahepatic ducts in three , and were more widespread in the [staying] 15 ( fig 1 ) .

In the remaining patients of the severity of the chronic inflammatory infiltrate and activity was reduced by one grade between biopsies in three patients .
in the [staying] patients of the severity of the chronic inflammatory infiltrate and activity was reduced by one grade between biopsies in three patients .

In the remaining three subjects ( patients 1 , 2 , and 3 ) silver staining revealed a neuropathic abnormality with absent or severely depleted and ill defined argyrophilic neurones in the myenteric plexus .
in the [staying] three subjects ( patients 1 , 2 , and 3 ) silver staining revealed a neuropathic abnormality with absent or severely depleted and ill defined argyrophilic neurones in the myenteric plexus .

In the remaining two patients the ultrastructural changes in the muscle coats were inconclusive in one case ( patient 8 ) and the histological material was inadequate for diagnosis in the other case ( patient 9 ) .
in the [staying] two patients the ultrastructural changes in the muscle coats were inconclusive in one case ( patient 8 ) and the histological material was inadequate for diagnosis in the other case ( patient 9 ) .

the mean duration of follow up in the 14 remaining patients was 4.5 years ( range : 1–7.5 years ) .
the mean duration of follow up in the 14 [staying] patients was 4.5 years ( range : 1–7.5 years ) .

However , some tutors seem to feel that they are unable to accept these modifications despite the syllabus remaining virtually unchanged , though more comprehensive , as befits the education and examination standards of a ‘ professional ’ body that hopes for national recognition .
however , some tutors seem to feel that they are unable to accept these modifications despite the syllabus [staying] virtually unchanged , though more comprehensive , as befits the education and examination standards of a ‘ professional ’ body that hopes for national recognition .

The 51 week interval was chosen because there were insufficient ( n < 10 ) patients remaining beyond this time to allow accurate statistical analysis ( see below ) .
the 51 week interval was chosen because there were insufficient ( n < 10 ) patients [staying] beyond this time to allow accurate statistical analysis ( see below ) .

Thirty two of the remaining patients were randomised to receive cisapride , and 34 to receive placebo .
thirty two of the [staying] patients were randomised to receive cisapride , and 34 to receive placebo .

The remaining six patients are free of symptoms , but have not attended for ultrasound examination .
the [staying] six patients are free of symptoms , but have not attended for ultrasound examination .

In the remaining subjects platelet activating factor was not detected in any 15 minute sample or in hourly pooled gastric juice samples .
in the [staying] subjects platelet activating factor was not detected in any 15 minute sample or in hourly pooled gastric juice samples .

The remaining six patients who requested pouch excision all had ulcerative colitis .
the [staying] six patients who requested pouch excision all had ulcerative colitis .

Two pouches failed because of ischaemia but the clinical results in the remaining seven patients are indistinguishable from younger patients in the series .
two pouches failed because of ischaemia but the clinical results in the [staying] seven patients are indistinguishable from younger patients in the series .

Many of the remaining patients with an intact pouch have repeated episodes of pouchitis , diarrhoea is generally troublesome , and most patients require medication for symptoms .
many of the [staying] patients with an intact pouch have repeated episodes of pouchitis , diarrhoea is generally troublesome , and most patients require medication for symptoms .

At the two week obligatory endoscopy , 1887 ( 98.1 % ) of the 1923 patients had taken their medication regularly , 29 ( 1.5 % ) had taken their medication irregularly , one had stopped medication because of side effects , and information was lacking for the remaining six ( 0.3 % ) patients .
at the two week obligatory endoscopy , 1887 ( 98.1 % ) of the 1923 patients had taken their medication regularly , 29 ( 1.5 % ) had taken their medication irregularly , one had stopped medication because of side effects , and information was lacking for the [staying] six ( 0.3 % ) patients .

The remaining subject was achlorhydric during rhe first intubation study ( basal acid output 0 mEq/h , stimulated acid output 0.36 mEq/h ) , and a further test after histamine receptor blockade was not therefore undertaken .
the [staying] subject was achlorhydric during rhe first intubation study ( basal acid output 0 meq/h , stimulated acid output 0.36 meq/h ) , and a further test after histamine receptor blockade was not therefore undertaken .

Twenty ( 47 % ) of the remaining 42 patients studied were able to identify foods that caused symptoms .
twenty ( 47 % ) of the [staying] 42 patients studied were able to identify foods that caused symptoms .

Sixty eight of the remaining 111 patients were women .
sixty eight of the [staying] 111 patients were women .

All the remaining 25 patients ( 54 % of the original 46 and 81 % of the survivors ) were interviewed according to a standard formula , using Visick grading of general clinical condition , recording heartburn , regurgitation and dysphagia with DeMeester-Johnson reflux scale .
all the [staying] 25 patients ( 54 % of the original 46 and 81 % of the survivors ) were interviewed according to a standard formula , using visick grading of general clinical condition , recording heartburn , regurgitation and dysphagia with demeester-johnson reflux scale .

This showed loss of smooth muscle fibres , with remaining fibres showing hypertrophy , vacuolation , or degenerative features ( Fig 2 ) .
this showed loss of smooth muscle fibres , with [staying] fibres showing hypertrophy , vacuolation , or degenerative features ( fig 2 ) .

Deletions of chromosome 17p are found in 75 % of colorectal cancers and are highly correlated with mutation of the remaining p53 gene .
deletions of chromosome 17p are found in 75 % of colorectal cancers and are highly correlated with mutation of the [staying] p53 gene .

Differences in the sex distribution and in the frequency of precolectomy extraintestinal manifestations were analysed by the χ 2 test and the remaining clinical variables by the Student t test .
differences in the sex distribution and in the frequency of precolectomy extraintestinal manifestations were analysed by the χ 2 test and the [staying] clinical variables by the student t test .

Concurrently biliary cholesterol was shifted from the vesicular to the non-vesicular carrier ( s ) while the cholesterol/phospholipid ratio of the remaining vesicles was progressively lowered .
concurrently biliary cholesterol was shifted from the vesicular to the non-vesicular carrier ( s ) while the cholesterol/phospholipid ratio of the [staying] vesicles was progressively lowered .

This phenomenon was more marked in the three model biles with few vesicles remaining after the addition of 10 µmol/ml of lecithin .
this phenomenon was more marked in the three model biles with few vesicles [staying] after the addition of 10 µmol/ml of lecithin .

This shift was accompanied by a progressive decrease in the cholesterol/phospholipid ratio of the remaining vesicles .
this shift was accompanied by a progressive decrease in the cholesterol/phospholipid ratio of the [staying] vesicles .

The addition of egg lecithin reduced the cholesterol/phospholipid ratio of the remaining vesicles .
the addition of egg lecithin reduced the cholesterol/phospholipid ratio of the [staying] vesicles .

The course of liver failure was subfulminant in 16 patients ( 64 % ) and fulminant in the remaining nine patients .
the course of liver failure was subfulminant in 16 patients ( 64 % ) and fulminant in the [staying] nine patients .

Of the remaining 26 patients , 16 received cyclosporin and 10 received placebo .
of the [staying] 26 patients , 16 received cyclosporin and 10 received placebo .

We elected to include this patient in the study since the entire remaining right colon had active ulcerative colitis .
we elected to include this patient in the study since the entire [staying] right colon had active ulcerative colitis .

Of the 93 patients with colorectal cancer and ulcerative colitis in our total series , 17 ( 18 % ) presented with a malignant stricture ; the remaining 76 had polypoid , infiltrating , or ulcerating cancers without stricture formation .
of the 93 patients with colorectal cancer and ulcerative colitis in our total series , 17 ( 18 % ) presented with a malignant stricture ; the [staying] 76 had polypoid , infiltrating , or ulcerating cancers without stricture formation .

In rats receiving sc caerulein , the blood flow was significantly ( p < 0.05 ) reduced by about 43 % after two hours of caerulein infusion and then showed only small further decrease during the remaining hours of the experiment .
in rats receiving sc caerulein , the blood flow was significantly ( p < 0.05 ) reduced by about 43 % after two hours of caerulein infusion and then showed only small further decrease during the [staying] hours of the experiment .

Of the six patients with dysplastic changes in the antral biopsy specimens in 1986 , two did not participate in the follow up examination and the antral specimens of the remaining four patients were now interpreted as being devoid of dysplastic changes but in one case showing intestinal metaplasia .
of the six patients with dysplastic changes in the antral biopsy specimens in 1986 , two did not participate in the follow up examination and the antral specimens of the [staying] four patients were now interpreted as being devoid of dysplastic changes but in one case showing intestinal metaplasia .

In the remaining 10 control patients , there were occasional positive cells scattered throughout the lamina propria .
in the [staying] 10 control patients , there were occasional positive cells scattered throughout the lamina propria .

Of the remaining three patients who had had infections but normal pitted cell counts , one had recently finished a course of treatment for pulmonary tuberculosis and a fifth had culture negative pneumonia .
of the [staying] three patients who had had infections but normal pitted cell counts , one had recently finished a course of treatment for pulmonary tuberculosis and a fifth had culture negative pneumonia .

The remaining 74 sets of case records were reviewed ( Figure ) .
the [staying] 74 sets of case records were reviewed ( figure ) .

The remaining 10 patients ( 14 % ) seemed to have suffered primarily from non-hepatic disease ( carcinomatosis ( 4 ) , congestive cardiac failure ( 1 ) , cholelithiasis ( 2 ) , and septicaemia ( 3 ) ) .
the [staying] 10 patients ( 14 % ) seemed to have suffered primarily from non-hepatic disease ( carcinomatosis ( 4 ) , congestive cardiac failure ( 1 ) , cholelithiasis ( 2 ) , and septicaemia ( 3 ) ) .

We had the eerie impression that we were the only people alive and the clip-clop of our horses ' hooves was the last remaining sound under heaven .
we had the eerie impression that we were the only people alive and the clip-clop of our horses ' hooves was the last [staying] sound under heaven .

After some debate , it was considered that there were insufficient residual functions remaining to justify continuation of the Committee .
after some debate , it was considered that there were insufficient residual functions [staying] to justify continuation of the committee .

The remaining three are significant , but this may be more a consequence of mixing the order of factors across the groups than of anything important .
the [staying] three are significant , but this may be more a consequence of mixing the order of factors across the groups than of anything important .

There are two remaining hedges which may be constructed using combinations of options and securities .
there are two [staying] hedges which may be constructed using combinations of options and securities .

The remaining government funding requirement was met by sales of national savings certificates to the amount of 2.2 billion .
the [staying] government funding requirement was met by sales of national savings certificates to the amount of 2.2 billion .

’ She heaved up the handles of the barrow and the remaining contents slid neatly home .
’ she heaved up the handles of the barrow and the [staying] contents slid neatly home .

’ With nimble fingers , Eleanor put the remaining flowers in place before rolling the newspaper into a neat parcel which she carried into the vestry .
’ with nimble fingers , eleanor put the [staying] flowers in place before rolling the newspaper into a neat parcel which she carried into the vestry .

It also assumes that there is an even number of coupon payment dates remaining before maturity .
it also assumes that there is an even number of coupon payment dates [staying] before maturity .

The assumption made is that the capital gain or loss occurs evenly over the remaining life of the bond .
the assumption made is that the capital gain or loss occurs evenly over the [staying] life of the bond .

It takes into account the pattern of dividend payments , the bond 's term to maturity , and the capital gain or loss arising over the remaining life of the bond .
it takes into account the pattern of dividend payments , the bond 's term to maturity , and the capital gain or loss arising over the [staying] life of the bond .

10/40 ) of the remaining bonds to be redeemed in the following year and 75 per cent ( i.e.30/40 ) of the remaining bonds to be redeemed in the final year .
10/40 ) of the [staying] bonds to be redeemed in the following year and 75 per cent ( i.e.30/40 ) of the [staying] bonds to be redeemed in the final year .

The average remaining life of the bond is .
the average [staying] life of the bond is .

So reported earnings would be lower in the first year and higher in the remaining four years with the declining balance method compared with the straight-line method .
so reported earnings would be lower in the first year and higher in the [staying] four years with the declining balance method compared with the straight-line method .

The holder of the share or bond receives a stream of ( expected ) payments that are discounted at an appropriate rate over the remaining life of the security .
the holder of the share or bond receives a stream of ( expected ) payments that are discounted at an appropriate rate over the [staying] life of the security .

The implied repo rates for all the remaining eligible bonds can be calculated in the same way .
the implied repo rates for all the [staying] eligible bonds can be calculated in the same way .

In the remaining cases scoring was by means of descriptors , describing the manifestation of the variable in five increasing stages .
in the [staying] cases scoring was by means of descriptors , describing the manifestation of the variable in five increasing stages .

Based on reported progress and remaining work for each assignment the program will forecast cost and work to complete project .
based on reported progress and [staying] work for each assignment the program will forecast cost and work to complete project .

If no candidate wins more than half the first preference votes , the candidate with the fewest first preference votes is excluded , and his or her votes are transferred to the remaining candidates , according to the voters ' second preferences .
if no candidate wins more than half the first preference votes , the candidate with the fewest first preference votes is excluded , and his or her votes are transferred to the [staying] candidates , according to the voters ' second preferences .

The 40 executives are divided into an inner group of 15 , who will buy three- quarters of the shares , and an outer group of 25 , who divide up the remaining quarter .
the 40 executives are divided into an inner group of 15 , who will buy three- quarters of the shares , and an outer group of 25 , who divide up the [staying] quarter .

Wild Boar Hamburgers Ingredients : 450g ( 1lb ) lean boar meat from shoulder or loin 50g ( 2oz ) fresh boar or pork back fat 3tbs breadcrumbs 2tbs fresh cream 2tbs fennel seed 1 ½ tsp fine sea salt Freshly ground black pepper Small pinch ground cloves and nutmeg Preparation : Mince the meat and fat and mix in the remaining ingredients , or mix all the ingredients together in a food processor .
wild boar hamburgers ingredients : 450g ( 1lb ) lean boar meat from shoulder or loin 50g ( 2oz ) fresh boar or pork back fat 3tbs breadcrumbs 2tbs fresh cream 2tbs fennel seed 1 ½ tsp fine sea salt freshly ground black pepper small pinch ground cloves and nutmeg preparation : mince the meat and fat and mix in the [staying] ingredients , or mix all the ingredients together in a food processor .

He also needs to cap the new price so that it is prevented from rising further over the remaining four years of construction if he is to convince bankers that they should continue to support Eurotunnel .
he also needs to cap the new price so that it is prevented from rising further over the [staying] four years of construction if he is to convince bankers that they should continue to support eurotunnel .

The deer remaining at large were removed , and on completion of the work of the Commissioners the forests were declared to be disafforested , and no one henceforth liable to pay any penalty for hunting therein , except in enclosed parks .
the deer [staying] at large were removed , and on completion of the work of the commissioners the forests were declared to be disafforested , and no one henceforth liable to pay any penalty for hunting therein , except in enclosed parks .

Epping Forest was the last remaining portion of the forest of Essex : environmentalist objectives were achieved there by different means .
epping forest was the last [staying] portion of the forest of essex : environmentalist objectives were achieved there by different means .

In the early days , when they still slept together , he had insisted on taking her during a period : remaining perfectly motionless , in her , on her — sometimes for hours .
in the early days , when they still slept together , he had insisted on taking her during a period : [staying] perfectly motionless , in her , on her — sometimes for hours .

He hung some fifteen feet below Kurz , on the same rope ; and their joint weight thrust their remaining comrade against a piton .
he hung some fifteen feet below kurz , on the same rope ; and their joint weight thrust their [staying] comrade against a piton .

All that she could identify as remaining of herself was the Jew ; she would never leave unpaid or transfer her spiritual account , if for no other reason than that payment safeguarded what little survived of her identity .
all that she could identify as [staying] of herself was the jew ; she would never leave unpaid or transfer her spiritual account , if for no other reason than that payment safeguarded what little survived of her identity .

Eliminating one limb of a cross , the remaining effect is of one line butting against another .
eliminating one limb of a cross , the [staying] effect is of one line butting against another .

( 2 ) Offset grid : The two grids have similar form and scale , but are offset in plan while remaining directionally consistent .
( 2 ) offset grid : the two grids have similar form and scale , but are offset in plan while [staying] directionally consistent .

At first the remaining Free Presbyterian ministers were demoralized and confused .
at first the [staying] free presbyterian ministers were demoralized and confused .

The remaining ministers and elders found themselves being invited to address meetings all over the province to explain the imprisonment .
the [staying] ministers and elders found themselves being invited to address meetings all over the province to explain the imprisonment .

Of the stallions : one who spent the day out in a paddock , stuffed the bucket aside with his nose in the second fastest time ; but the remaining two stallions , who lived in yards , completely failed the test — even when tested a second time .
of the stallions : one who spent the day out in a paddock , stuffed the bucket aside with his nose in the second fastest time ; but the [staying] two stallions , who lived in yards , completely failed the test — even when tested a second time .

The remaining spouse , or whoever , often seems more concerned with the death of the pet than with the death of the human being .
the [staying] spouse , or whoever , often seems more concerned with the death of the pet than with the death of the human being .

They could explain to the child why he feels as though the world has turned upside down and why his remaining parent seems so upset .
they could explain to the child why he feels as though the world has turned upside down and why his [staying] parent seems so upset .

If that person dies the remaining friends are not sure whether to keep up the contact or not .
if that person dies the [staying] friends are not sure whether to keep up the contact or not .

To her mistress it was understandable that she should never speak absolutely freely but it was intolerable that she could not do so to the last remaining member of her family , nor even to her husband .
to her mistress it was understandable that she should never speak absolutely freely but it was intolerable that she could not do so to the last [staying] member of her family , nor even to her husband .

The ‘ flak helpers ’ had been little more than children at the time of Hitler 's great ‘ triumphs ’ , and in the hail of bombs , the destruction , and the retreating armies , the remaining image of the Führer as the military genius bore scant relation to their daily experience of reality .
the ‘ flak helpers ’ had been little more than children at the time of hitler 's great ‘ triumphs ’ , and in the hail of bombs , the destruction , and the retreating armies , the [staying] image of the führer as the military genius bore scant relation to their daily experience of reality .

The climate had worsened significantly for the remaining Jews in Germany following the invasion of the Soviet Union , in a period of stepped-up hatred towards the ‘ Jewish-Bolshevik ’ arch-enemy and heightened tension , as Party activists agitated with renewed pressure for action in the ‘ Jewish Question ’ .
the climate had worsened significantly for the [staying] jews in germany following the invasion of the soviet union , in a period of stepped-up hatred towards the ‘ jewish-bolshevik ’ arch-enemy and heightened tension , as party activists agitated with renewed pressure for action in the ‘ jewish question ’ .

’ Another , this time from a lance-corporal serving on the western Front and evidently of an extreme Nazi mentality , expressly referred to Hitler 's ‘ prophecy ’ in a malevolent tirade , thanking inter alia the Stürmer for remaining true to its principles on the ‘ Jewish Question ’ and applauding the introduction of the Yellow Star now also in the western occupied territories : ‘ … Things have now finally reached the point which our Führer at the outbreak of this struggle prophesied to world Jewry in his great speech : ‘ … should Jewry once more succeed in again plunging the nations into a new world war , it would be the end of that race , and not ours .
’ another , this time from a lance-corporal serving on the western front and evidently of an extreme nazi mentality , expressly referred to hitler 's ‘ prophecy ’ in a malevolent tirade , thanking inter alia the stürmer for [staying] true to its principles on the ‘ jewish question ’ and applauding the introduction of the yellow star now also in the western occupied territories : ‘ … things have now finally reached the point which our führer at the outbreak of this struggle prophesied to world jewry in his great speech : ‘ … should jewry once more succeed in again plunging the nations into a new world war , it would be the end of that race , and not ours .

Although you may feel that Page 3 models , pornographic magazines , videos and films have no relevance to your life , and certainly no relevance to your obsession with losing weight or remaining slim , it is easy to see how such images of womanhood can contribute to a sense of vulnerability to rape , or just confusion over whether having breasts and thighs means you are always sexually available .
although you may feel that page 3 models , pornographic magazines , videos and films have no relevance to your life , and certainly no relevance to your obsession with losing weight or [staying] slim , it is easy to see how such images of womanhood can contribute to a sense of vulnerability to rape , or just confusion over whether having breasts and thighs means you are always sexually available .

Picturesque ‘ yards ’ ( courtyards ) behind the shops all too often petered out into demolished nothingness , with scraps remaining of stone walls , closed workshops , industrial debris and boarded-up cabins .
picturesque ‘ yards ’ ( courtyards ) behind the shops all too often petered out into demolished nothingness , with scraps [staying] of stone walls , closed workshops , industrial debris and boarded-up cabins .

Part of the remaining walls became incorporated into a police barracks in the nineteenth century .
part of the [staying] walls became incorporated into a police barracks in the nineteenth century .

The number of Etonians had been cut by half ( Douglas Hurd , Lord Belstead and Nicholas Ridley were the alumni remaining ) , and the great majority ( sixteen of twenty-two ) were still graduates of Oxford or Cambridge .
the number of etonians had been cut by half ( douglas hurd , lord belstead and nicholas ridley were the alumni [staying] ) , and the great majority ( sixteen of twenty-two ) were still graduates of oxford or cambridge .

There is no reason why you should not have a weekly reward for remaining the same weight , at least for a few months after you have attained your ideal shape .
there is no reason why you should not have a weekly reward for [staying] the same weight , at least for a few months after you have attained your ideal shape .

Although that elite might hear advice from vigorous and tactful committee chairmen , and had personal informal contacts in the districts , it remaining the final and authoritative decision-making body .
although that elite might hear advice from vigorous and tactful committee chairmen , and had personal informal contacts in the districts , it [staying] the final and authoritative decision-making body .

There they sold half their animals , bought goods with the proceeds , loaded them onto the remaining animals and returned to Kufra , resuming the annual north-south movement .
there they sold half their animals , bought goods with the proceeds , loaded them onto the [staying] animals and returned to kufra , resuming the annual north-south movement .

Harvey the conformist was the first of the five remaining customers to pick up the outsize gesture .
harvey the conformist was the first of the five [staying] customers to pick up the outsize gesture .

Then , Hubert Gaily dropped the six remaining snowdrops on to the coffin .
then , hubert gaily dropped the six [staying] snowdrops on to the coffin .

But there were only soft , cold leaves remaining , and they got sucked in beneath her plate , to rest there clammily until she could get away to the bathroom .
but there were only soft , cold leaves [staying] , and they got sucked in beneath her plate , to rest there clammily until she could get away to the bathroom .

The two remaining Misses Lavender continued to discuss the stranger at the funeral .
the two [staying] misses lavender continued to discuss the stranger at the funeral .

But perhaps Alida knew the remaining Misses Lavender best , after all .
but perhaps alida knew the [staying] misses lavender best , after all .

Congress will debate the resolution in full today , with several opportunities remaining for hardliners to scupper a deal which representatives of both sides spent several hours haggling over .
congress will debate the resolution in full today , with several opportunities [staying] for hardliners to scupper a deal which representatives of both sides spent several hours haggling over .

At Edwin Evans , James Coker reported a brisk sale last month , selling 60 per cent of the lots for a total of £2 million , with a considerable number of those remaining being sold to underbidders .
at edwin evans , james coker reported a brisk sale last month , selling 60 per cent of the lots for a total of £2 million , with a considerable number of those [staying] being sold to underbidders .

JaguarSport expect to complete 150 cars this year , and the remaining 200 next year .
jaguarsport expect to complete 150 cars this year , and the [staying] 200 next year .

As you pick your way through the minefield of the remaining holes , you are gradually working your way uphill , until finally you arrive on the 18th tee .
as you pick your way through the minefield of the [staying] holes , you are gradually working your way uphill , until finally you arrive on the 18th tee .

Indeed , with barely five minutes remaining Orrell led 12–10 .
indeed , with barely five minutes [staying] orrell led 12–10 .

For Bradford Northern , this overwhelming defeat puts them perilously close to relegation with only two games remaining and now with a much inferior points scoring record compared with Salford with whom they are level .
for bradford northern , this overwhelming defeat puts them perilously close to relegation with only two games [staying] and now with a much inferior points scoring record compared with salford with whom they are level .

Fixture congestion may well nullify that advantage but Leeds ' real hope must be that yesterday 's scoring flourish will settle their nerves and give them the confidence to believe they are fully capable of winning all of their remaining four League matches .
fixture congestion may well nullify that advantage but leeds ' real hope must be that yesterday 's scoring flourish will settle their nerves and give them the confidence to believe they are fully capable of winning all of their [staying] four league matches .

Durie scored with just over 10 minutes remaining to complete a remarkable comeback by Tottenham , who had trailed and been outplayed for prolonged spells .
durie scored with just over 10 minutes [staying] to complete a remarkable comeback by tottenham , who had trailed and been outplayed for prolonged spells .

Apart from them having to win each one of their remaining matches their fate rests largely with Hearts who yesterday suffered a goalless draw at home to St Mirren .
apart from them having to win each one of their [staying] matches their fate rests largely with hearts who yesterday suffered a goalless draw at home to st mirren .

Eva Hart , now 87 , is one of the few remaining Titanic survivors .
eva hart , now 87 , is one of the few [staying] titanic survivors .

Sinton 's goal is to secure one of the remaining berths in Mr Taylor 's England squad for the European Championship in Sweden in June .
sinton 's goal is to secure one of the [staying] berths in mr taylor 's england squad for the european championship in sweden in june .

Alex Ferguson , United 's manager , regards Robson 's presence in four of his team 's remaining six League matches as a realistic target and the captain is confident of playing in the first of them , at home to Southampton on Thursday .
alex ferguson , united 's manager , regards robson 's presence in four of his team 's [staying] six league matches as a realistic target and the captain is confident of playing in the first of them , at home to southampton on thursday .

The second penalty goal by Strett eased Orrell , who were without Heslop after 30 minutes because of a rib injury , in front at 12–10 with about five minutes remaining .
the second penalty goal by strett eased orrell , who were without heslop after 30 minutes because of a rib injury , in front at 12–10 with about five minutes [staying] .

There were 12 seconds of overtime remaining as Alexander , the only starting Briton on the Monarchs roster , stepped up but his kick was about two feet wide .
there were 12 seconds of overtime [staying] as alexander , the only starting briton on the monarchs roster , stepped up but his kick was about two feet wide .

But with seconds remaining Leicester captain Steve Walsh played a ball up to Russell — introduced 11 minutes earlier — and he ran clear to shoot into the corner of the net .
but with seconds [staying] leicester captain steve walsh played a ball up to russell — introduced 11 minutes earlier — and he ran clear to shoot into the corner of the net .

For the remaining hour Barcelona , encouraged by the news from Kiev where Dynamo beat Sparta Prague 1–0 before a crowd of just 3,000 , played a speculative game vastly at odds with their attacking image , to the extent where veteran defender Alexanko was sent on to replace striker Laudrup in a side defending with eight players in the area .
for the [staying] hour barcelona , encouraged by the news from kiev where dynamo beat sparta prague 1–0 before a crowd of just 3,000 , played a speculative game vastly at odds with their attacking image , to the extent where veteran defender alexanko was sent on to replace striker laudrup in a side defending with eight players in the area .

If there is issue , a life interest in half the remaining estate , which may , at his or her option , be redeemed for a capital payment .
if there is issue , a life interest in half the [staying] estate , which may , at his or her option , be redeemed for a capital payment .

If there is no issue , but there are parents , or , failing them , brothers and sisters of the whole blood , then the spouse takes half the remaining estate absolutely , the other half going to parents , or being held on the ‘ statutory trusts ’ for brothers and sisters , as the case may be .
if there is no issue , but there are parents , or , failing them , brothers and sisters of the whole blood , then the spouse takes half the [staying] estate absolutely , the other half going to parents , or being held on the ‘ statutory trusts ’ for brothers and sisters , as the case may be .

The only flexibility lies in the remaining forty per cent , which is devoted to research , development , and procurement of equipment .
the only flexibility lies in the [staying] forty per cent , which is devoted to research , development , and procurement of equipment .

Bottlenose dolphins have a heart rate of 80–90 beats per minute just after ‘ blowing ’ , slowing within a few seconds to 33–45 beats per minute and remaining at that rate until the next blow .
bottlenose dolphins have a heart rate of 80–90 beats per minute just after ‘ blowing ’ , slowing within a few seconds to 33–45 beats per minute and [staying] at that rate until the next blow .

On surfacing , the rate again speeds up , generally remaining at the higher level until the carbon dioxide content of the exhaled air has returned to normal — usually in a few seconds .
on surfacing , the rate again speeds up , generally [staying] at the higher level until the carbon dioxide content of the exhaled air has returned to normal — usually in a few seconds .

Several years later , after a recommendation from the World Wildlife Fund , the Government established part of the Indus river in the Sind Province as a dolphin reserve , where 400 of the 500 remaining dolphins are reasonably well protected .
several years later , after a recommendation from the world wildlife fund , the government established part of the indus river in the sind province as a dolphin reserve , where 400 of the 500 [staying] dolphins are reasonably well protected .

In Nepal , dolphin habitat has traditionally been in deep clear water with swift currents , but hydro-electric development is occurring in many of the susu 's favourite remaining areas .
in nepal , dolphin habitat has traditionally been in deep clear water with swift currents , but hydro-electric development is occurring in many of the susu 's favourite [staying] areas .

Establishment of a Ganges River Dolphin Project , similar to the highly successful Tiger Project which brought together various government agencies , international conservation organisations , and universities in a tightly directed campaign to save remaining tiger habitats and arrest the steady population decline of previous decades .
establishment of a ganges river dolphin project , similar to the highly successful tiger project which brought together various government agencies , international conservation organisations , and universities in a tightly directed campaign to save [staying] tiger habitats and arrest the steady population decline of previous decades .

Taiwanese residents who were members of the Hawaiian-based group Earthtrust contacted the Honolulu headquarters , and within a few days , an international team , led by Michael Bailey , arrived at Penghu to negotiate for the release of the remaining animals .
taiwanese residents who were members of the hawaiian-based group earthtrust contacted the honolulu headquarters , and within a few days , an international team , led by michael bailey , arrived at penghu to negotiate for the release of the [staying] animals .

The group remaining in Shakang Harbour were in a sad state , confined in a small space in a filthy harbour , with fishing boats leaking diesel and oil onto the surface of the water and continual dumping of rubbish , particularly plastics , from the shore .
the group [staying] in shakang harbour were in a sad state , confined in a small space in a filthy harbour , with fishing boats leaking diesel and oil onto the surface of the water and continual dumping of rubbish , particularly plastics , from the shore .

Finally the net is close-hauled and the skiff returns to the port side where the remaining floats in the water are draped over its side , forming a sort of bag between the two boats .
finally the net is close-hauled and the skiff returns to the port side where the [staying] floats in the water are draped over its side , forming a sort of bag between the two boats .

Public pressure on the Canadian and Quebec governments has resulted in the pledge of more than 2.4 billion dollars over the next 10 years to clean up the St Lawrence and create a marine sanctuary for the remaining belugas .
public pressure on the canadian and quebec governments has resulted in the pledge of more than 2.4 billion dollars over the next 10 years to clean up the st lawrence and create a marine sanctuary for the [staying] belugas .

According to Joseph Cummins of the University of London , Ontario , the liberation of only a small proportion of the remaining PCBs would spell disaster for marine mammals .
according to joseph cummins of the university of london , ontario , the liberation of only a small proportion of the [staying] pcbs would spell disaster for marine mammals .

By introducing a tax on residential property that raised about £14 billion , together with the £12 billion that comes from taxing commercial property , and by allocating the remaining £14 billion via the present system of grants , the government would be able to pronounce the poll tax dead .
by introducing a tax on residential property that raised about £14 billion , together with the £12 billion that comes from taxing commercial property , and by allocating the [staying] £14 billion via the present system of grants , the government would be able to pronounce the poll tax dead .

If he still appears a hero to some , that may be something the world can live with : for all his defiance , he will have thrown away everything Iraq gained from its eight-year war with Iran , and swallowed many mouthfuls of words about Kuwait remaining Iraq 's 19th province for ever and a day .
if he still appears a hero to some , that may be something the world can live with : for all his defiance , he will have thrown away everything iraq gained from its eight-year war with iran , and swallowed many mouthfuls of words about kuwait [staying] iraq 's 19th province for ever and a day .

Although the film is full of comments on the remaining cultural differences between east and west , it does not set out to make fun of the east Germans .
although the film is full of comments on the [staying] cultural differences between east and west , it does not set out to make fun of the east germans .

The remaining task matters just as much , but it is trickier : to acquire , retain and exploit local managers .
the [staying] task matters just as much , but it is trickier : to acquire , retain and exploit local managers .

They will cut their claims to an amount which can roughly be covered by the bank 's remaining assets of $ 2.8 billion while allowing it to carry on operating .
they will cut their claims to an amount which can roughly be covered by the bank 's [staying] assets of $ 2.8 billion while allowing it to carry on operating .

Leave for a minute or so , until the cheese has melted , then serve , sprinkled with the remaining parsley .
leave for a minute or so , until the cheese has melted , then serve , sprinkled with the [staying] parsley .

Stir the flour into the remaining juices and cook slowly until well browned , stirring all the time .
stir the flour into the [staying] juices and cook slowly until well browned , stirring all the time .

Carefully spoon the remaining trout mixture into the mould .
carefully spoon the [staying] trout mixture into the mould .

Rinse the lentils in a sieve under running water , then place them in a large saucepan with all the remaining ingredients except the salt .
rinse the lentils in a sieve under running water , then place them in a large saucepan with all the [staying] ingredients except the salt .

Add all the remaining ingredients with sufficient wine to cover the meat .
add all the [staying] ingredients with sufficient wine to cover the meat .

The time of harvesting also affects the final quality of the tea , the best teas being collected during the peak season and the more standard teas during the remaining months of the year .
the time of harvesting also affects the final quality of the tea , the best teas being collected during the peak season and the more standard teas during the [staying] months of the year .

Of the remaining varieties , red kidney beans are the most widely known , being a vital ingredient in chilli con carne , which strikes me as being second only to ham , egg and chips on the standard pub menu !
of the [staying] varieties , red kidney beans are the most widely known , being a vital ingredient in chilli con carne , which strikes me as being second only to ham , egg and chips on the standard pub menu !

Place the olives in a bowl and add all the remaining ingredients .
place the olives in a bowl and add all the [staying] ingredients .

All sea salts are produced in shallow beds where salt is deposited by the ebbing tide and most of the remaining moisture is evaporated by sun and wind .
all sea salts are produced in shallow beds where salt is deposited by the ebbing tide and most of the [staying] moisture is evaporated by sun and wind .

Add all the remaining ingredients except the redcurrant jelly and sugar .
add all the [staying] ingredients except the redcurrant jelly and sugar .

The remaining rice in its unprocessed state still contains the bran and this is brown rice .
the [staying] rice in its unprocessed state still contains the bran and this is brown rice .

Cut the remaining butter into slivers and stir into the rice with the grated Parmesan cheese .
cut the [staying] butter into slivers and stir into the rice with the grated parmesan cheese .

Do n't be put off , though , as the actual rind of these cheeses is seldom eaten and the remaining paste is often surprisingly mild .
do n't be put off , though , as the actual rind of these cheeses is seldom eaten and the [staying] paste is often surprisingly mild .

Perhaps the most famous of the remaining soft cheese is the Vacherin Mont d'Or , made in both France and Switzerland on either side of the border .
perhaps the most famous of the [staying] soft cheese is the vacherin mont d'or , made in both france and switzerland on either side of the border .

Appenzell and Royalp are the remaining Swiss cheeses in this group .
appenzell and royalp are the [staying] swiss cheeses in this group .

Add the shallots or salad onions to the remaining butter in the pan and cook until just soft .
add the shallots or salad onions to the [staying] butter in the pan and cook until just soft .

Beat the remaining butter until very soft , then add the mustard and a little salt and pepper .
beat the [staying] butter until very soft , then add the mustard and a little salt and pepper .

Sieve half the flour onto the eggs and fold in lightly with a metal spoon , then fold in half the butter , the remaining flour , then the remaining butter .
sieve half the flour onto the eggs and fold in lightly with a metal spoon , then fold in half the butter , the [staying] flour , then the [staying] butter .

Place the remaining cake on top of the cherries , spike and lace with kirsch as before .
place the [staying] cake on top of the cherries , spike and lace with kirsch as before .

Spread the remaining cream over the cakes and decorate with the chocolate caraque .
spread the [staying] cream over the cakes and decorate with the chocolate caraque .

Pecorino , Feta and Manchego are the best known of the remaining ewes ' milk cheeses .
pecorino , feta and manchego are the best known of the [staying] ewes ' milk cheeses .

Chop the remaining chillis and serve them with the chilled soup , after adding 2–3 × 15ml/tbsp soured cream or natural yogurt , if required .
chop the [staying] chillis and serve them with the chilled soup , after adding 2–3 × 15ml/tbsp soured cream or natural yogurt , if required .

Serve the turkey breasts sprinkled with the remaining sesame seeds and with the sauce handed separately .
serve the turkey breasts sprinkled with the [staying] sesame seeds and with the sauce handed separately .

Add all the remaining ingredients .
add all the [staying] ingredients .

By remaining in society , one gives one 's tacit consent to it .
by [staying] in society , one gives one 's tacit consent to it .

This remaining wing was built in about 1640 , a time when local builders were more than ever turning their craft into a conscious art .
this [staying] wing was built in about 1640 , a time when local builders were more than ever turning their craft into a conscious art .

’ The remaining five pages of the manuscript give a dispiriting account of the office life he leads , the sonnets he writes , the girls and prostitutes he sees but does not meet .
’ the [staying] five pages of the manuscript give a dispiriting account of the office life he leads , the sonnets he writes , the girls and prostitutes he sees but does not meet .

The remaining works will be displayed alternately in Barcelona and Figueres .
the [staying] works will be displayed alternately in barcelona and figueres .

Last year , when the constitutional ban on forced purchase expired , Mr Mugabe promised to buy up half the remaining white farmland at prices he would set .
last year , when the constitutional ban on forced purchase expired , mr mugabe promised to buy up half the [staying] white farmland at prices he would set .

Mauritania is one of Iraq 's few remaining allies .
mauritania is one of iraq 's few [staying] allies .

’ Penelope Huntley was destroying the remaining cuticles on her left hand , a finger pushed savagely against her teeth .
’ penelope huntley was destroying the [staying] cuticles on her left hand , a finger pushed savagely against her teeth .

Philip fiddled with the remaining strap of his watch .
philip fiddled with the [staying] strap of his watch .

Yet as the ‘ butcher of Beijing ’ who called in the troops to restore order , Mr Deng was merely remaining true to his political vision and concern for party power .
yet as the ‘ butcher of beijing ’ who called in the troops to restore order , mr deng was merely [staying] true to his political vision and concern for party power .

The alarm went out and environmentalists began to try to halt , if not reverse , the destruction of the remaining park .
the alarm went out and environmentalists began to try to halt , if not reverse , the destruction of the [staying] park .

Typically , roughly half the proceeds were invested ; just over a quarter spent on buying another property or improving one ; and the remaining quarter spent as part of the family budget .
typically , roughly half the proceeds were invested ; just over a quarter spent on buying another property or improving one ; and the [staying] quarter spent as part of the family budget .

Much of the head-office slashing now going on is an attempt by conglomerates to act like specialists — while remaining conglomerates .
much of the head-office slashing now going on is an attempt by conglomerates to act like specialists — while [staying] conglomerates .

In Nicodemus , Kansas , the sole remaining town of black settlers on the plains , Mr Frazier says he found true joy watching the people at a dance .
in nicodemus , kansas , the sole [staying] town of black settlers on the plains , mr frazier says he found true joy watching the people at a dance .

Concern for the safety of the remaining masterpieces makes it unlikely that future visitors will be able to enjoy the relaxed atmosphere which was one of the museum 's greatest charms .
concern for the safety of the [staying] masterpieces makes it unlikely that future visitors will be able to enjoy the relaxed atmosphere which was one of the museum 's greatest charms .

The bank then decided that remaining a regional bank was too risky , so it should try to become an international one .
the bank then decided that [staying] a regional bank was too risky , so it should try to become an international one .

Such a revaluation might make a paper and cash offer for the remaining 85 % of Midland 's shares feasible .
such a revaluation might make a paper and cash offer for the [staying] 85 % of midland 's shares feasible .

At the end of each month motorists would discover their balance and sell any remaining units .
at the end of each month motorists would discover their balance and sell any [staying] units .

If a deal goes ahead , the debtor gets more money , or owes less debt ; it can pay back more of every remaining unit of debt than before the deal .
if a deal goes ahead , the debtor gets more money , or owes less debt ; it can pay back more of every [staying] unit of debt than before the deal .

Equally important , if not equally quantifiable , were the psychological and political effects of the accident , which finally destroyed — both in the Soviet Union itself and for outsiders — the myth of Soviet technological infallibility , and any remaining belief in the honesty of Soviet officialdom .
equally important , if not equally quantifiable , were the psychological and political effects of the accident , which finally destroyed — both in the soviet union itself and for outsiders — the myth of soviet technological infallibility , and any [staying] belief in the honesty of soviet officialdom .

The miners now on strike have put the closing of the remaining Chernobyl reactors high on their list of demands .
the miners now on strike have put the closing of the [staying] chernobyl reactors high on their list of demands .

Since Japan and Britain scrapped their exchange controls in 1979 and remaining European controls disappeared during the late 1980s , investors have been far freer to seek out the best returns and to diversify their risks .
since japan and britain scrapped their exchange controls in 1979 and [staying] european controls disappeared during the late 1980s , investors have been far freer to seek out the best returns and to diversify their risks .

Unless share prices revive , their best hope of keeping up their yields and thus remaining competitive with other savings instruments comes from higher dividends .
unless share prices revive , their best hope of keeping up their yields and thus [staying] competitive with other savings instruments comes from higher dividends .

As the army was deployed to keep order , the remaining two polling days were postponed until June 12th and 15th .
as the army was deployed to keep order , the [staying] two polling days were postponed until june 12th and 15th .

The remaining chunk of British Land 's existing portfolio — including all its blue-chip investments such as Plantation House in the City of London — will be sold off .
the [staying] chunk of british land 's existing portfolio — including all its blue-chip investments such as plantation house in the city of london — will be sold off .

The group is negotiating the sale of its remaining consultancy businesses and says this will leave it with a strong and focused base in advertising and marketing services .
the group is negotiating the sale of its [staying] consultancy businesses and says this will leave it with a strong and focused base in advertising and marketing services .

If you do any part-time work while on unemployment benefit and your earnings do not affect your benefit entitlement , you will still have to meet the rest of the conditions for this benefit on the remaining days .
if you do any part-time work while on unemployment benefit and your earnings do not affect your benefit entitlement , you will still have to meet the rest of the conditions for this benefit on the [staying] days .

In another 10 minutes any remaining Oldham doubts were dispelled .
in another 10 minutes any [staying] oldham doubts were dispelled .

For my twentieth century British Design retrospective exhibition , he lent me , with a good deal of fussing and commotion , his last remaining ‘ Heartsease ’ cup and saucer , a Wedgwood design of the early 1950s .
for my twentieth century british design retrospective exhibition , he lent me , with a good deal of fussing and commotion , his last [staying] ‘ heartsease ’ cup and saucer , a wedgwood design of the early 1950s .

Between the 14th day of September 1987 and the 8th day of January 1988 conspired together and with other persons to defraud such persons who had or might have had an interest in dealing in shares in Blue Arrow , or National Westminster Bank , or in dealing on the Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 share index , namely : 2.1 By dishonestly concealing holdings of 19.39 per cent of the share capital of Blue Arrow ; 2.2 By falsely stating that all remaining shares not taken up in the rights issue by existing shareholders had been sold in the market ; 2.3 By falsely representing that 33,315,528 shares in Blue Arrow held by County NatWest Securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.4 By falsely representing that 34,069,433 shares in Blue Arrow held by Phillips & Drew Securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.5 By dealing off market with Union Bank of Switzerland in 28,201,743 shares in Blue Arrow when by reason of their connection with that company they were knowingly in possession of un-published price sensitive information ; 2.6 By creating a false instrument , namely a letter of indemnity dated 5 October 1987 from Nicholas Wells on behalf of County NatWest to Union Bank Of Switzerland ; 2.7 By engaging in a course of conduct which created a false or misleading impression as to the market in the shares of Blue Arrow for the purpose of creating such an impression and thereby influencing persons who might deal in those shares ; 2.8 By purchasing and retaining 2,150 Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 share index put option contracts to cover a risk of £51,500,000 whilst concealing from the market the true position in relation to the rights issue and the subsequent placing of shares in Blue Arrow , where Blue Arrow and National Westminster Bank were both component parts of that index .
between the 14th day of september 1987 and the 8th day of january 1988 conspired together and with other persons to defraud such persons who had or might have had an interest in dealing in shares in blue arrow , or national westminster bank , or in dealing on the financial times stock exchange 100 share index , namely : 2.1 by dishonestly concealing holdings of 19.39 per cent of the share capital of blue arrow ; 2.2 by falsely stating that all [staying] shares not taken up in the rights issue by existing shareholders had been sold in the market ; 2.3 by falsely representing that 33,315,528 shares in blue arrow held by county natwest securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.4 by falsely representing that 34,069,433 shares in blue arrow held by phillips & drew securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.5 by dealing off market with union bank of switzerland in 28,201,743 shares in blue arrow when by reason of their connection with that company they were knowingly in possession of un-published price sensitive information ; 2.6 by creating a false instrument , namely a letter of indemnity dated 5 october 1987 from nicholas wells on behalf of county natwest to union bank of switzerland ; 2.7 by engaging in a course of conduct which created a false or misleading impression as to the market in the shares of blue arrow for the purpose of creating such an impression and thereby influencing persons who might deal in those shares ; 2.8 by purchasing and retaining 2,150 financial times stock exchange 100 share index put option contracts to cover a risk of £51,500,000 whilst concealing from the market the true position in relation to the rights issue and the subsequent placing of shares in blue arrow , where blue arrow and national westminster bank were both component parts of that index .

The Heriard-Dubreuil dynasty holds a 51 per cent stake in the group whilst the Cointreau family , headed by Max Cointreau , owns the remaining 49 per cent .
the heriard-dubreuil dynasty holds a 51 per cent stake in the group whilst the cointreau family , headed by max cointreau , owns the [staying] 49 per cent .

West Europeans and Americans were arguing angrily about whether the Soviet Union was conspiratorially seeking to gain military advantage by negotiating away the West 's remaining tactical nuclear weapons and then stalling on conventional reductions .
west europeans and americans were arguing angrily about whether the soviet union was conspiratorially seeking to gain military advantage by negotiating away the west 's [staying] tactical nuclear weapons and then stalling on conventional reductions .

The two remaining Militant supporters , Mr Dave Nellist ( Coventry South-west ) , and Mr Terry Fields ( Liverpool Broadgreen ) , are both in danger .
the two [staying] militant supporters , mr dave nellist ( coventry south-west ) , and mr terry fields ( liverpool broadgreen ) , are both in danger .

But it does not concede that any of the remaining 24 models failed the Government 's test , even though at least three have been withdrawn from the market .
but it does not concede that any of the [staying] 24 models failed the government 's test , even though at least three have been withdrawn from the market .

His foreign minister , Mr Ranjan Wijeratne , arrived in Delhi yesterday with a message of goodwill , no doubt accompanied by a plea for the remaining Indian ‘ peace-keeping ’ troops to be removed from the island .
his foreign minister , mr ranjan wijeratne , arrived in delhi yesterday with a message of goodwill , no doubt accompanied by a plea for the [staying] indian ‘ peace-keeping ’ troops to be removed from the island .

The group is negotiating the sale of its remaining consultancy businesses and says this will leave it with a strong and focused base in advertising and marketing services .
the group is negotiating the sale of its [staying] consultancy businesses and says this will leave it with a strong and focused base in advertising and marketing services .

With the remaining doubters now likely to join the majority , Mrs Thatcher seems certain to end up in a minority of one in opposing the conference .
with the [staying] doubters now likely to join the majority , mrs thatcher seems certain to end up in a minority of one in opposing the conference .

The remaining two amendments apply to the community care plans .
the [staying] two amendments apply to the community care plans .

Venetia was a woman of unusual quality , as is testified to not only by her ability to make two such disparate figures as Asquith and Montagu as obsessed with her as they both were between 1912 and 1915 , but also by the strength of her impact upon many other friends for the remaining 33 years of her life .
venetia was a woman of unusual quality , as is testified to not only by her ability to make two such disparate figures as asquith and montagu as obsessed with her as they both were between 1912 and 1915 , but also by the strength of her impact upon many other friends for the [staying] 33 years of her life .

The single remaining radar mast of Bawdsey Manor points skyward , two miles away down the strand .
the single [staying] radar mast of bawdsey manor points skyward , two miles away down the strand .

This stunning defeat means that if Wigan win at Featherstone this evening they will require just one point from their remaining three matches .
this stunning defeat means that if wigan win at featherstone this evening they will require just one point from their [staying] three matches .

Billy Bonds , West Ham 's manager , keeps on saying that his team must win all their remaining matches to stay up , but they keep on losing instead .
billy bonds , west ham 's manager , keeps on saying that his team must win all their [staying] matches to stay up , but they keep on losing instead .

Rawhide unseated Kevin O'Brien at the first fence , but the remaining 39 runners , led by Golden Minstrel and Willsford , continued without another casualty until Brown Windsor fell at Becher 's first time round .
rawhide unseated kevin o'brien at the first fence , but the [staying] 39 runners , led by golden minstrel and willsford , continued without another casualty until brown windsor fell at becher 's first time round .

To get away with it at all , the wines must be bone dry , so that there 's no food ( ie sugar ) for any possible remaining bugs .
to get away with it at all , the wines must be bone dry , so that there 's no food ( ie sugar ) for any possible [staying] bugs .

It provided grazing land , timber , fruits and fuel , while remaining an undamaged wildlife habitat .
it provided grazing land , timber , fruits and fuel , while [staying] an undamaged wildlife habitat .

With only four weeks of the season remaining , 10 people have so far been killed in avalanches in Switzerland against the national average of 37 during the winter months .
with only four weeks of the season [staying] , 10 people have so far been killed in avalanches in switzerland against the national average of 37 during the winter months .

After you have added half the oil put in the remaining vinegar and then the remaining oil .
after you have added half the oil put in the [staying] vinegar and then the [staying] oil .

per annum growth is needed over the remaining eight years to pay the income shares 100p .
per annum growth is needed over the [staying] eight years to pay the income shares 100p .

They will do that if they win two of their remaining three fixtures at Highfield Road , but current form suggests that will not be easy .
they will do that if they win two of their [staying] three fixtures at highfield road , but current form suggests that will not be easy .

Their place in the top flight depends on their remaining games , against title-chasing Orrell and Northampton , and the fortunes of Rugby , who are a point above them with Harlequins and Leicester to play .
their place in the top flight depends on their [staying] games , against title-chasing orrell and northampton , and the fortunes of rugby , who are a point above them with harlequins and leicester to play .

This was reduced from eight to six years by the Court of Appeal in 1990 , but the court then ruled that his remaining two grounds of appeal could not be argued in the light of the 1984 Lords decision .
this was reduced from eight to six years by the court of appeal in 1990 , but the court then ruled that his [staying] two grounds of appeal could not be argued in the light of the 1984 lords decision .

After several days of confusion over Labour 's plans over future privatisation , Mr Smith confirmed that an incoming Labour government will not have the benefit of an extra £9.5 billion which the Conservatives had planned to raise through the disposal of the Government 's remaining holdings in former public utilities .
after several days of confusion over labour 's plans over future privatisation , mr smith confirmed that an incoming labour government will not have the benefit of an extra £9.5 billion which the conservatives had planned to raise through the disposal of the government 's [staying] holdings in former public utilities .

But until last night , there had been no clear line over what would happen in future years to the Government 's remaining holdings in these utilities .
but until last night , there had been no clear line over what would happen in future years to the government 's [staying] holdings in these utilities .

Mr Major would have a fighting chance ( though not much more than that ) of remaining in Downing Street .
mr major would have a fighting chance ( though not much more than that ) of [staying] in downing street .

‘ In addition to being one of the few remaining commons in the area Newtown Common is a very valuable home for wildlife . ’
‘ in addition to being one of the few [staying] commons in the area newtown common is a very valuable home for wildlife . ’

He had lost an eye as a child and wore an eyeglass in the remaining one .
he had lost an eye as a child and wore an eyeglass in the [staying] one .

The living reptiles are almost all predators , and the vast majority are also small , the only giants remaining being the crocodiles , alligators and caymans ( and one or two big lizards ) .
the living reptiles are almost all predators , and the vast majority are also small , the only giants [staying] being the crocodiles , alligators and caymans ( and one or two big lizards ) .

Belly flat in the water , he inched his bound hands forward and drew his face clear of the undergrowth so that he could look upriver while remaining camouflaged by the overhang of a wild coffee bush .
belly flat in the water , he inched his bound hands forward and drew his face clear of the undergrowth so that he could look upriver while [staying] camouflaged by the overhang of a wild coffee bush .

Trent leaped to the portside bilge pump , desperate to clear the remaining water from the hull before its weight broke the vessel apart .
trent leaped to the portside bilge pump , desperate to clear the [staying] water from the hull before its weight broke the vessel apart .

As he was held between the conflicting pressures of wind and water , so he was caught between the desire to reach Mariana and offer her comfort and the need to husband his remaining strength — but he knew that the husbanding of his strength was paramount if they were to survive .
as he was held between the conflicting pressures of wind and water , so he was caught between the desire to reach mariana and offer her comfort and the need to husband his [staying] strength — but he knew that the husbanding of his strength was paramount if they were to survive .

With less than an hour of daylight remaining , he carried a flashlight — not that it would be of much help with the rain cascading down as if the Maya Rain God had corralled every raincloud in Central America and pulled the plugs out .
with less than an hour of daylight [staying] , he carried a flashlight — not that it would be of much help with the rain cascading down as if the maya rain god had corralled every raincloud in central america and pulled the plugs out .

20004 and a brake conveying a party of contractors who had been inspecting the remaining part of the route west of Penistone .
20004 and a brake conveying a party of contractors who had been inspecting the [staying] part of the route west of penistone .

Parliament 's role has not been executive , but supervisory — it has sought to subject the executive to certain limits and controls , to protect the liberties of the individual citizen against the arbitrary use of power , to focus the mind of the nation on the great issues of the day by the maintenance of a continuous dialogue or discussion , and by remaining at the centre of the stage to impose … ‘ manners of behaviour ’ on the whole political system .
parliament 's role has not been executive , but supervisory — it has sought to subject the executive to certain limits and controls , to protect the liberties of the individual citizen against the arbitrary use of power , to focus the mind of the nation on the great issues of the day by the maintenance of a continuous dialogue or discussion , and by [staying] at the centre of the stage to impose … ‘ manners of behaviour ’ on the whole political system .

On collection of the car , clients paying cash will normally be asked to pay a further deposit roughly equivalent to the remaining cost of the rental and the full tank of petrol .
on collection of the car , clients paying cash will normally be asked to pay a further deposit roughly equivalent to the [staying] cost of the rental and the full tank of petrol .

It applies to industry in the standard of product or in the service provided , both of which are essential to remaining competitive .
it applies to industry in the standard of product or in the service provided , both of which are essential to [staying] competitive .

The remaining covers apply for the duration of the booked holiday plus the period of travel from home to departure point and back home afterwards not exceeding 24 hours in each case .
the [staying] covers apply for the duration of the booked holiday plus the period of travel from home to departure point and back home afterwards not exceeding 24 hours in each case .

No answers are offered in any direct sense , rather an invitation to consider the issues in the context of particular schools or situations and to use such a consideration and further develop it as the remaining chapters of this book are read .
no answers are offered in any direct sense , rather an invitation to consider the issues in the context of particular schools or situations and to use such a consideration and further develop it as the [staying] chapters of this book are read .

Today most of the remaining fragments are confined to sheltered gorges or inaccessible crags or to some islands in inland lochs , the latter often displaying a wind-contoured profile .
today most of the [staying] fragments are confined to sheltered gorges or inaccessible crags or to some islands in inland lochs , the latter often displaying a wind-contoured profile .

We will , as a matter of urgency , discuss with Hong Kong 's representatives what measures may best enhance democracy and confidence during Britain 's five remaining years of responsibility for the colony .
we will , as a matter of urgency , discuss with hong kong 's representatives what measures may best enhance democracy and confidence during britain 's five [staying] years of responsibility for the colony .

Though the whole line from London to Langley Mill never finally came under one ownership , by 1897 this had become possible by the negotiation of options to purchase the remaining sections north of Leicester .
though the whole line from london to langley mill never finally came under one ownership , by 1897 this had become possible by the negotiation of options to purchase the [staying] sections north of leicester .

When fish stocks are severely depleted , their output is also reduced — because there are fewer fish remaining to reproduce .
when fish stocks are severely depleted , their output is also reduced — because there are fewer fish [staying] to reproduce .

There is little leaf litter , so when the trees are removed , the organic content of the remaining soil is low .
there is little leaf litter , so when the trees are removed , the organic content of the [staying] soil is low .

In 1908 , when the remaining nine holes were opened , courses also opened at Frilford Heath , North Oxford and Harewood Downs , followed by Temple in 1909 , Reading ( formerly Caversham and South Oxon ) in 1910 and Sonning in 1914 .
in 1908 , when the [staying] nine holes were opened , courses also opened at frilford heath , north oxford and harewood downs , followed by temple in 1909 , reading ( formerly caversham and south oxon ) in 1910 and sonning in 1914 .

The remaining seven months of Minutes up to January 1909 , when the 11 years silence started , give quite a few insights into the growing pains of a new untried enterprise , although some club business has a familiarly contemporary ring !
the [staying] seven months of minutes up to january 1909 , when the 11 years silence started , give quite a few insights into the growing pains of a new untried enterprise , although some club business has a familiarly contemporary ring !

The result of this stage of the process is a large number of small units which the remaining young bachelors will be unable to enter .
the result of this stage of the process is a large number of small units which the [staying] young bachelors will be unable to enter .

Privatising the remaining 39 local authority bus companies .
privatising the [staying] 39 local authority bus companies .

They see it as a further confirmation of their own moral righteousness in remaining committed to believing in a God who their reason tells them can not exist .
they see it as a further confirmation of their own moral righteousness in [staying] committed to believing in a god who their reason tells them can not exist .

Use hammer and nail punch to sink all protruding nails . Draw any tacks remaining from previous floor coverings
use hammer and nail punch to sink all protruding nails . draw any tacks [staying] from previous floor coverings

When sanding is complete , use a vacuum cleaner to pick up all remaining fine dust — especially from between boards
when sanding is complete , use a vacuum cleaner to pick up all [staying] fine dust — especially from between boards

The remaining people would become overburdened trying to plug the gaps .
the [staying] people would become overburdened trying to plug the gaps .

Remember , at the current rate of devastation , much of the remaining rainforest could be destroyed within the next 10 years .
remember , at the current rate of devastation , much of the [staying] rainforest could be destroyed within the next 10 years .

We are working with a wide range of people throughout the world to find a balance between genuinely sustainable forestry and the outright protection of the last remaining virgin rainforest .
we are working with a wide range of people throughout the world to find a balance between genuinely sustainable forestry and the outright protection of the last [staying] virgin rainforest .

They clear the remaining forest by fire , opening it up for their own agriculture , or to hand over to cattle ranchers .
they clear the [staying] forest by fire , opening it up for their own agriculture , or to hand over to cattle ranchers .

— when the tinder is dry the fires can be lit to burn off the remaining forest to make way for agriculture or ranching ( in many areas this ‘ slash and burn ’ forest clearance happens without first even removing the usable hardwood ) .
— when the tinder is dry the fires can be lit to burn off the [staying] forest to make way for agriculture or ranching ( in many areas this ‘ slash and burn ’ forest clearance happens without first even removing the usable hardwood ) .

So his remaining north of the border for the autumn of 1987 was no indication , in itself , of the state of their marriage .
so his [staying] north of the border for the autumn of 1987 was no indication , in itself , of the state of their marriage .

If the thing persisted , her only remaining lung would collapse under a bag of pus and she would die , because she could no longer breathe .
if the thing persisted , her only [staying] lung would collapse under a bag of pus and she would die , because she could no longer breathe .

Seal the breasts and remaining livers in hot olive oil , season and allow to cool .
seal the breasts and [staying] livers in hot olive oil , season and allow to cool .

The remaining 10 dwellings comprise 9 bed-sitters and one apartment with a separate bedroom .
the [staying] 10 dwellings comprise 9 bed-sitters and one apartment with a separate bedroom .

The remaining small areas of flat roof , extending from the vertical glazing almost to the eaves of the aisle roof , accommodate roof-lights admitting natural light to the ground-floor flats which would otherwise be only poorly lit by the original lancet windows of the aisle wall .
the [staying] small areas of flat roof , extending from the vertical glazing almost to the eaves of the aisle roof , accommodate roof-lights admitting natural light to the ground-floor flats which would otherwise be only poorly lit by the original lancet windows of the aisle wall .

If any of the present owners wish to sell their share of the converted building , the remaining directors must approve the new purchaser , but otherwise the dwellings can be sold in the normal way .
if any of the present owners wish to sell their share of the converted building , the [staying] directors must approve the new purchaser , but otherwise the dwellings can be sold in the normal way .

Finally , the closure raft inched carefully into the remaining gap , and after the briefest hesitation the ramps dropped into their receiving lugs and were pinned .
finally , the closure raft inched carefully into the [staying] gap , and after the briefest hesitation the ramps dropped into their receiving lugs and were pinned .

The bridge was complete , the air blowers on each rig whined as the remaining air bags were inflated for additional buoyancy , and footwalk posts and ropes were installed .
the bridge was complete , the air blowers on each rig whined as the [staying] air bags were inflated for additional buoyancy , and footwalk posts and ropes were installed .

He had to prepare them for the study of Old English ( Anglo-Saxon ) , Middle English ( that is , the language and literature of England from about 1200 until 1450 , including Chaucer ) and all the remaining periods of English literature up to the Victorian period .
he had to prepare them for the study of old english ( anglo-saxon ) , middle english ( that is , the language and literature of england from about 1200 until 1450 , including chaucer ) and all the [staying] periods of english literature up to the victorian period .

Oxford University Press moved out of London , and took most of its remaining employees to Oxford .
oxford university press moved out of london , and took most of its [staying] employees to oxford .

On the most recent remaining stub the date was April and on that occasion Hatton had paid into his bank account the modest sum of five and fourpence .
on the most recent [staying] stub the date was april and on that occasion hatton had paid into his bank account the modest sum of five and fourpence .

These gains could be balanced out and even reversed in the remaining states .
these gains could be balanced out and even reversed in the [staying] states .

In another bowl mix the remaining soured cream with ketchup and tomatoes .
in another bowl mix the [staying] soured cream with ketchup and tomatoes .

In the short term , it will secure rights and recognition for the remaining German minority in Poland .
in the short term , it will secure rights and recognition for the [staying] german minority in poland .

Westley explains how he made sure he stayed around long enough so that his respondents had to talk , because of the difficulty people have of remaining silent for long ( 1970 , p. viii ) .
westley explains how he made sure he stayed around long enough so that his respondents had to talk , because of the difficulty people have of [staying] silent for long ( 1970 , p. viii ) .

Some policemen with children of their own expressed difficulties in remaining detached .
some policemen with children of their own expressed difficulties in [staying] detached .

When they talk about work of this type , policemen stress the importance of remaining detached and emotionally cold .
when they talk about work of this type , policemen stress the importance of [staying] detached and emotionally cold .

It is also seen as significant in the Davies camp that Neil Kinnock , the party leader , is remaining neutral in the contest .
it is also seen as significant in the davies camp that neil kinnock , the party leader , is [staying] neutral in the contest .

The Liberal Democrats are such past masters at riding out scandals that they are remaining calm , simply instructing all cabinet members to report within a week whether they have received any donations from the pachinko industry .
the liberal democrats are such past masters at riding out scandals that they are [staying] calm , simply instructing all cabinet members to report within a week whether they have received any donations from the pachinko industry .

The opening concert — a performance of The Creation , conducted by Sir Charles Mackerras — sets a high standard for the remaining seven concerts in the series .
the opening concert — a performance of the creation , conducted by sir charles mackerras — sets a high standard for the [staying] seven concerts in the series .

But only 11.0 per cent of the interest is paid to the investor : the remaining half per cent is donated to a conservation organisation of their choice .
but only 11.0 per cent of the interest is paid to the investor : the [staying] half per cent is donated to a conservation organisation of their choice .

Anderson was one of the few members of the British colonial administration who , remaining in Africa after British colonialism retreated , made a successful transition to serving the independent governments of the continent .
anderson was one of the few members of the british colonial administration who , [staying] in africa after british colonialism retreated , made a successful transition to serving the independent governments of the continent .

Mansell showed his personal well-being yesterday by shattering the lap record on Ferrari 's home track at Fiorano as he tested his car for the two remaining world championship races in Japan and Australia , clipping nearly two seconds off the old record .
mansell showed his personal well-being yesterday by shattering the lap record on ferrari 's home track at fiorano as he tested his car for the two [staying] world championship races in japan and australia , clipping nearly two seconds off the old record .

He came back later to claim another victim and the hosts were dismissed for 126 with 5.2 overs remaining .
he came back later to claim another victim and the hosts were dismissed for 126 with 5.2 overs [staying] .

Although he managed to beat the count , Wormald was in no position to defend himself and referee Dave Parris stopped the contest with 35 seconds remaining in the opening round .
although he managed to beat the count , wormald was in no position to defend himself and referee dave parris stopped the contest with 35 seconds [staying] in the opening round .

On top of that , for the remaining three days each week , several of its 23 permanent commissions beaver away at the mountain of legislation that is being thrust before them .
on top of that , for the [staying] three days each week , several of its 23 permanent commissions beaver away at the mountain of legislation that is being thrust before them .

Mr. & Mrs. Seymour each receive a rebate of £1.00 a week so they will have to pay the remaining £4.00 .
mr. & mrs. seymour each receive a rebate of £1.00 a week so they will have to pay the [staying] £4.00 .

Mr. Patel will receive a rebate of £1.70 per week and will have to pay the remaining £2.30 a week .
mr. patel will receive a rebate of £1.70 per week and will have to pay the [staying] £2.30 a week .

But the function of art history today is not only to make such identifications , but also to relate an individual work humanistically to other works of the same school , period and culture , while remaining sensitive to its salient aesthetic qualities .
but the function of art history today is not only to make such identifications , but also to relate an individual work humanistically to other works of the same school , period and culture , while [staying] sensitive to its salient aesthetic qualities .

There are still some genuinely old pubs remaining , as yet untouched by crass modernisation , which appeal to our true instincts of heritage and our craving for some sense of permanence and continuity in a fast changing world .
there are still some genuinely old pubs [staying] , as yet untouched by crass modernisation , which appeal to our true instincts of heritage and our craving for some sense of permanence and continuity in a fast changing world .

Many emerge from ‘ refurbishment ’ with little of their original partitions , fittings or even masonry remaining .
many emerge from ‘ refurbishment ’ with little of their original partitions , fittings or even masonry [staying] .

More recently , the Prospect Inn was threatened by an enlargement scheme by Whitbread which would have totally destroyed the remaining original features of the building , and its remarkable plan .
more recently , the prospect inn was threatened by an enlargement scheme by whitbread which would have totally destroyed the [staying] original features of the building , and its remarkable plan .

Lorenzo with his Jessica await the return of Portia , remaining out in the still night rather than returning to the house .
lorenzo with his jessica await the return of portia , [staying] out in the still night rather than returning to the house .

This procedure is perfectly acceptable provided that your new commitments are at least as great as the remaining commitments due under the orignal covenant .
this procedure is perfectly acceptable provided that your new commitments are at least as great as the [staying] commitments due under the orignal covenant .

• Lift and store remaining maincrop potatoes
• lift and store [staying] maincrop potatoes

• Treat lawns to an autumn fertiliser for root growth Dead-head any remaining spent flowers on waterlilies Spike compacted lawns with a garden fork to improve aeration
• treat lawns to an autumn fertiliser for root growth dead-head any [staying] spent flowers on waterlilies spike compacted lawns with a garden fork to improve aeration

• Harvest remaining crops like potatoes and beans , clear away salads that have run to seed .
• harvest [staying] crops like potatoes and beans , clear away salads that have run to seed .

• Lift any remaining maincrop potatoes .
• lift any [staying] maincrop potatoes .

The normal reaction to a launch failure or cable break is to lower the nose and regain speed , and then to pull the release twice , hard , to get rid of any remaining cable .
the normal reaction to a launch failure or cable break is to lower the nose and regain speed , and then to pull the release twice , hard , to get rid of any [staying] cable .

Firstly , karateka are not allowed to bring their own coaches with them to training sessions because experience has shown that the presence of other coaches breaks up the training atmosphere , and causes people to separate to far corners instead of remaining together .
firstly , karateka are not allowed to bring their own coaches with them to training sessions because experience has shown that the presence of other coaches breaks up the training atmosphere , and causes people to separate to far corners instead of [staying] together .

As will be seen in the remaining chapters , a particular form of Irish catholicism known as monopoly catholicism has assisted in the concrete success of the mix of the beliefs with economic beliefs in capitalism , ownership of land , and inheritance , helping to bring the elements to an explicit formulation in the 1937 Irish constitution , which has ever since shown considerable resistance to reformulation .
as will be seen in the [staying] chapters , a particular form of irish catholicism known as monopoly catholicism has assisted in the concrete success of the mix of the beliefs with economic beliefs in capitalism , ownership of land , and inheritance , helping to bring the elements to an explicit formulation in the 1937 irish constitution , which has ever since shown considerable resistance to reformulation .

This indicates an acceptance of the state structures , or a recognition of a need for the separation of Northern Ireland from the remaining state structure of Ireland , but at the same time a continuing opposition to protestant — loyalist dominance .
this indicates an acceptance of the state structures , or a recognition of a need for the separation of northern ireland from the [staying] state structure of ireland , but at the same time a continuing opposition to protestant — loyalist dominance .

28 ) , from remaining basic to the perceptions of both parties .
28 ) , from [staying] basic to the perceptions of both parties .

This will be considered in the remaining chapters .
this will be considered in the [staying] chapters .

For the one version , the Reformation is the catastrophe by which half Christendom defects from the church , the church itself remaining intact and faithful to Peter .
for the one version , the reformation is the catastrophe by which half christendom defects from the church , the church itself [staying] intact and faithful to peter .

In the remaining chapters , it is argued that religion in Ireland basically solidifies the opposing alliances in an exclusive way and precludes a common state form , thus providing the structure of violence which such divisions entail .
in the [staying] chapters , it is argued that religion in ireland basically solidifies the opposing alliances in an exclusive way and precludes a common state form , thus providing the structure of violence which such divisions entail .

But the remaining 43 were to be elected by local and national politicians on a vocational basis : that is , they had to be elected to five panels for which they would qualify by having the requisite vocational expertise — administrative , cultural — educational , labour , industrial and commercial , and agricultural .
but the [staying] 43 were to be elected by local and national politicians on a vocational basis : that is , they had to be elected to five panels for which they would qualify by having the requisite vocational expertise — administrative , cultural — educational , labour , industrial and commercial , and agricultural .

The remaining passengers — there were not many of them — had in the meanwhile managed to make their way , by scrambling from the outside of one car to the next , to the safety of the solid wooden landing stage .
the [staying] passengers — there were not many of them — had in the meanwhile managed to make their way , by scrambling from the outside of one car to the next , to the safety of the solid wooden landing stage .

Amnesty International has welcomed the releases , but is urging the government to release all remaining prisoners of conscience immediately and unconditionally .
amnesty international has welcomed the releases , but is urging the government to release all [staying] prisoners of conscience immediately and unconditionally .

In such a world , individuality is never a prized characteristic , and an attempt in the early 1980s to remove the one remaining individualizing feature — the shoulder numeral or ‘ collar number ’ — was correctly rejected by civilians as a structural move towards an even greater anonymity .
in such a world , individuality is never a prized characteristic , and an attempt in the early 1980s to remove the one [staying] individualizing feature — the shoulder numeral or ‘ collar number ’ — was correctly rejected by civilians as a structural move towards an even greater anonymity .

The remaining grains are sprinkled with more hot liquor to remove any last remaining sugars , a system known as sparging .
the [staying] grains are sprinkled with more hot liquor to remove any last [staying] sugars , a system known as sparging .

The remaining yeast continues to turn the residual sugars into alcohol and also helps to purge the beer of the rough after-tastes created by fermentation .
the [staying] yeast continues to turn the residual sugars into alcohol and also helps to purge the beer of the rough after-tastes created by fermentation .

They are then chilled and filtered to remove the remaining yeast and are usually pasteurised as well to ensure that death is complete .
they are then chilled and filtered to remove the [staying] yeast and are usually pasteurised as well to ensure that death is complete .

The threat to choice and to the remaining independent brewers demands a strong and continuing Campaign that will fight for drinkers ' rights and challenge the might of the brewing giants .
the threat to choice and to the [staying] independent brewers demands a strong and continuing campaign that will fight for drinkers ' rights and challenge the might of the brewing giants .

The remaining marinade forms the base of a red wine sauce with cranberries , redcurrants and slices of lime .
the [staying] marinade forms the base of a red wine sauce with cranberries , redcurrants and slices of lime .

Instead , George concentrated his efforts on the few remaining furry areas on an otherwise bare bear .
instead , george concentrated his efforts on the few [staying] furry areas on an otherwise bare bear .

The remaining 50 per cent will develop symptoms , but these are of a non-specific nature .
the [staying] 50 per cent will develop symptoms , but these are of a non-specific nature .

The remaining 90 per cent of cases remained an obstinate mystery until the middle fifties , when it became possible to culture this obscure organism on the yolk-sac of the chicken embryo .
the [staying] 90 per cent of cases remained an obstinate mystery until the middle fifties , when it became possible to culture this obscure organism on the yolk-sac of the chicken embryo .

To sum it all up , the DataMax Sport monitors the depth and time , calculating and displaying remaining dive time based on 12 tissue compartments and a Haldanean model of your decompression status .
to sum it all up , the datamax sport monitors the depth and time , calculating and displaying [staying] dive time based on 12 tissue compartments and a haldanean model of your decompression status .

Cylinder pressure , air time remaining at current depth , and remaining no-stop time are continuously updated .
cylinder pressure , air time [staying] at current depth , and [staying] no-stop time are continuously updated .

If the remaining air time is less than the no-stop time required , the cylinder content display flashes air time .
if the [staying] air time is less than the no-stop time required , the cylinder content display flashes air time .

When diving , the unit displays present and maximum depth , elapsed time , remaining no-decompression time , ascent rate and water temperature .
when diving , the unit displays present and maximum depth , elapsed time , [staying] no-decompression time , ascent rate and water temperature .

With the two umbilicals deployed , the bellman has the lonely task of remaining in the bell until the run is complete .
with the two umbilicals deployed , the bellman has the lonely task of [staying] in the bell until the run is complete .

Forever a romantic , and sometimes painfully so , he stayed true to his belief that he was ‘ the last remaining cog in the Arndale Centre ’ ( Manchester 's hideous shopping centre ) .
forever a romantic , and sometimes painfully so , he stayed true to his belief that he was ‘ the last [staying] cog in the arndale centre ’ ( manchester 's hideous shopping centre ) .

As willing outcasts from British pop society , The Smiths were holding true to their original purpose ; that , despite the stories of their inflating egos , they were remaining on course … and beautifully aloof .
as willing outcasts from british pop society , the smiths were holding true to their original purpose ; that , despite the stories of their inflating egos , they were [staying] on course … and beautifully aloof .

The remaining quarter ( 200mg ) , comes from diet .
the [staying] quarter ( 200mg ) , comes from diet .

Add all the remaining ingredients , bring to the boil and then simmer , uncovered , for 20 minutes .
add all the [staying] ingredients , bring to the boil and then simmer , uncovered , for 20 minutes .

When samples are removed for examination , the remaining product in an unopened container should be destroyed and a fresh unopened container used for each subsequent examination .
when samples are removed for examination , the [staying] product in an unopened container should be destroyed and a fresh unopened container used for each subsequent examination .

The unity witnessed over the two days had been greater than he could ever have hoped for , and the remaining morning 's session of ‘ rounding up ’ would , he trusted , be rich in commitments on the part of participants concerning action each would be taking before the important international conference in Switzerland .
the unity witnessed over the two days had been greater than he could ever have hoped for , and the [staying] morning 's session of ‘ rounding up ’ would , he trusted , be rich in commitments on the part of participants concerning action each would be taking before the important international conference in switzerland .

For the remaining four months ( and in some areas this may be up to seven ) grass can be fed only as hay , silage , or artificially dried grass .
for the [staying] four months ( and in some areas this may be up to seven ) grass can be fed only as hay , silage , or artificially dried grass .

The motor car is socially divisive in that while 50 per cent of the population of Britain have access to a car , the remaining 50 per cent do not and they are always the underprivileged sections of the community : the old , the young , the poor .
the motor car is socially divisive in that while 50 per cent of the population of britain have access to a car , the [staying] 50 per cent do not and they are always the underprivileged sections of the community : the old , the young , the poor .

Even the Crowther Report was not wholly free from doubts and worries : it documented the waste of talent in the system , with only 12 per cent of each age group remaining in full-time education to the age of seventeen , and a meagre 6 per cent for a further year beyond that .
even the crowther report was not wholly free from doubts and worries : it documented the waste of talent in the system , with only 12 per cent of each age group [staying] in full-time education to the age of seventeen , and a meagre 6 per cent for a further year beyond that .

After some initial hesitation , the Church Commissioners agreed and now the remaining repairs , principally to the stonework , can be carried out on a rolling programme over several years .
after some initial hesitation , the church commissioners agreed and now the [staying] repairs , principally to the stonework , can be carried out on a rolling programme over several years .

The final improvement is made to the ramp by platforming all of the remaining unplatformed lip and adding a small tombstone .
the final improvement is made to the ramp by platforming all of the [staying] unplatformed lip and adding a small tombstone .

Reserve Winners Dog The dog who came second in the Winners Dog 's original class competes with the dogs remaining in the ring , ( unless he has already been defeated by one of them ) , for Reserve Winners .
reserve winners dog the dog who came second in the winners dog 's original class competes with the dogs [staying] in the ring , ( unless he has already been defeated by one of them ) , for reserve winners .

This is the country 's one remaining lamasery and its last vestige of Buddhist splendour .
this is the country 's one [staying] lamasery and its last vestige of buddhist splendour .

The rest divided themselves up amongst the remaining transport and set off with only enough petrol to cover the 400 miles to Jalo .
the rest divided themselves up amongst the [staying] transport and set off with only enough petrol to cover the 400 miles to jalo .

Harry Poat left on his mission and Stirling split the remaining force into two groups which would travel independently to a further rendezvous at Bir Soltane , only a few miles from the Mareth line .
harry poat left on his mission and stirling split the [staying] force into two groups which would travel independently to a further rendezvous at bir soltane , only a few miles from the mareth line .

The remaining three wickets fell cheaply , with Aravinda de Silva named man of the match after his innings of 72 .
the [staying] three wickets fell cheaply , with aravinda de silva named man of the match after his innings of 72 .

In the remaining 12 minutes ( four by the grace of Norling ) Oxford were too spent for a second comeback , but Cambridge were no doubt relieved that their efficient rucking and slick passing established such dominance in the first half .
in the [staying] 12 minutes ( four by the grace of norling ) oxford were too spent for a second comeback , but cambridge were no doubt relieved that their efficient rucking and slick passing established such dominance in the first half .

He was also obsessed by an imagined threat from the few remaining ex-revolutionaries .
he was also obsessed by an imagined threat from the few [staying] ex-revolutionaries .

He scored his fourth high-quality goal to get them a 6-6 draw with just two seconds remaining .
he scored his fourth high-quality goal to get them a 6-6 draw with just two seconds [staying] .

Several analysts said that it would be far easier to overcome any remaining resistance if Gen Noriega were found .
several analysts said that it would be far easier to overcome any [staying] resistance if gen noriega were found .

‘ Obviously if Noriega is captured or killed , that would take the stuffing out of his remaining support , ’ Mr Record said .
‘ obviously if noriega is captured or killed , that would take the stuffing out of his [staying] support , ’ mr record said .

He will not , though , be able to work off the remaining seven games until he joins a new club .
he will not , though , be able to work off the [staying] seven games until he joins a new club .

The remaining things she could come back for any day .
the [staying] things she could come back for any day .

She played with the choices during the remaining days allowed her , knowing in her heart that she would be forced to take the safe path into the civil service .
she played with the choices during the [staying] days allowed her , knowing in her heart that she would be forced to take the safe path into the civil service .

Between now and next September the remaining mysteries of the Bugatti 's size and specification will be solved .
between now and next september the [staying] mysteries of the bugatti 's size and specification will be solved .

The remaining points went to Tamburini , Apicella and Bartels .
the [staying] points went to tamburini , apicella and bartels .

His hair was grey but with a trace of red hair remaining in his bushy eyebrows .
his hair was grey but with a trace of red hair [staying] in his bushy eyebrows .

The end of the First World War was accompanied by unmistakable evidence that the population of the greater part of Ireland had no intention of remaining within the United Kingdom ; and when the attempt to force a home rule constitution upon them provoked a rebellion , Britain had to recognise defeat , but insisted upon the Irish Free State accepting what was called Canadian status by recognising the King Emperor as its representative for external purposes .
the end of the first world war was accompanied by unmistakable evidence that the population of the greater part of ireland had no intention of [staying] within the united kingdom ; and when the attempt to force a home rule constitution upon them provoked a rebellion , britain had to recognise defeat , but insisted upon the irish free state accepting what was called canadian status by recognising the king emperor as its representative for external purposes .

She felt infantilised by them , but also felt bitterly that they were not fair , and she was bored and frightened at the thought of remaining bored all her life .
she felt infantilised by them , but also felt bitterly that they were not fair , and she was bored and frightened at the thought of [staying] bored all her life .

Maggie kept catching her eye with an expression of knowing amusement , but at the same time she obviously hated having these men stomping through her every possession and destroying any remaining magic in her secret chamber .
maggie kept catching her eye with an expression of knowing amusement , but at the same time she obviously hated having these men stomping through her every possession and destroying any [staying] magic in her secret chamber .

The remaining 50 per cent would be paid on delivery and acceptance of the album .
the [staying] 50 per cent would be paid on delivery and acceptance of the album .

He saw rubber fetishism as one of the few remaining genuine underground cultures .
he saw rubber fetishism as one of the few [staying] genuine underground cultures .

In fact , the individual migrants who participate in this urban migration manage to generate income which is more attractive to them than the income they would have earned by remaining in the rural areas .
in fact , the individual migrants who participate in this urban migration manage to generate income which is more attractive to them than the income they would have earned by [staying] in the rural areas .

The infamous Berlin Wall now has only a few vestiges remaining .
the infamous berlin wall now has only a few vestiges [staying] .

The remaining aircraft attacked alternative targets .
the [staying] aircraft attacked alternative targets .

The memorial is on the slopes of Hill 107 where the few remaining officers and 200 men of both squadrons including mechanics , armourers , clerks and cooks , fought as infantry alongide New Zealand soldiers .
the memorial is on the slopes of hill 107 where the few [staying] officers and 200 men of both squadrons including mechanics , armourers , clerks and cooks , fought as infantry alongide new zealand soldiers .

By mid-1989 the centre in British politics , split between the renamed ‘ Democrats ’ , the remaining Social Democrats , and ‘ green ’ environmentalists , seemed weaker than at any time since the leadership of the old Liberals by Jo Grimond at the time of ‘ Orpington man ’ in the early 1960s .
by mid-1989 the centre in british politics , split between the renamed ‘ democrats ’ , the [staying] social democrats , and ‘ green ’ environmentalists , seemed weaker than at any time since the leadership of the old liberals by jo grimond at the time of ‘ orpington man ’ in the early 1960s .

Cricket , in essence , stifled itself by remaining too true to its pre-industrial origins .
cricket , in essence , stifled itself by [staying] too true to its pre-industrial origins .

These pages revealed rituals which , Jessie Weston informed him , had survived the passage From Ritual to Romance , remaining hidden in modern literary forms in the world of Tennyson and Wagner .
these pages revealed rituals which , jessie weston informed him , had survived the passage from ritual to romance , [staying] hidden in modern literary forms in the world of tennyson and wagner .

If ‘ The Hollow Men ’ presents the degeneration of ritual , then Sweeney Agonistes while remaining aware of the decline attempts a reconstruction , but that reconstruction , like The Waste Land , sees humanity as trapped in the torturing cycle of sexual fertility .
if ‘ the hollow men ’ presents the degeneration of ritual , then sweeney agonistes while [staying] aware of the decline attempts a reconstruction , but that reconstruction , like the waste land , sees humanity as trapped in the torturing cycle of sexual fertility .

On the evidence of our multiple regression analysis , partisanship exerted a consistently powerful influence on perceptions of Labour chances and by the end of the campaign it was the only remaining significant influence .
on the evidence of our multiple regression analysis , partisanship exerted a consistently powerful influence on perceptions of labour chances and by the end of the campaign it was the only [staying] significant influence .

Leading the remaining eight and due to finish today is Bob Salmon in the old maxi , Liverpool Enterprise , formerly Atlantic Privateer .
leading the [staying] eight and due to finish today is bob salmon in the old maxi , liverpool enterprise , formerly atlantic privateer .

Atkinson , matching his attacking partner goal for goal , belted in the fourth from 20 yards , and the only question remaining after the most one-sided of first halves was which of them would be first to his hat trick .
atkinson , matching his attacking partner goal for goal , belted in the fourth from 20 yards , and the only question [staying] after the most one-sided of first halves was which of them would be first to his hat trick .

The move marks an extraordinary volte face on the part of Coopers , which until last week was the only remaining firm in the original ‘ Big Eight ’ without a potential partner .
the move marks an extraordinary volte face on the part of coopers , which until last week was the only [staying] firm in the original ‘ big eight ’ without a potential partner .

Chemicals was flat , held back by shutdowns at two large plants , and the remaining plantations suffered from the weakness of world palm oil prices .
chemicals was flat , held back by shutdowns at two large plants , and the [staying] plantations suffered from the weakness of world palm oil prices .

Profitt , Michael Cook , 18 , Adrian Sinclair , 19 , and Lee Scrivens , 19 , all from Birmingham , admitted theft charges ; another six City supporters were also remanded in custody or on bail , and 23 were fined a total of £8,600 for admitting charges arising from a weekend in the Lancashire resort which a Football Association inquiry may punish by banning City supporters from remaining away games ; all their away matches were made all-ticket for an indefinite period after trouble last season at Crystal Palace .
profitt , michael cook , 18 , adrian sinclair , 19 , and lee scrivens , 19 , all from birmingham , admitted theft charges ; another six city supporters were also remanded in custody or on bail , and 23 were fined a total of £8,600 for admitting charges arising from a weekend in the lancashire resort which a football association inquiry may punish by banning city supporters from [staying] away games ; all their away matches were made all-ticket for an indefinite period after trouble last season at crystal palace .

View from City Road , page 25 Polly buys in : Shares in Polly Peck Far East have been suspended ahead of a general offer by majority shareholder Polly Peck International for the remaining equity .
view from city road , page 25 polly buys in : shares in polly peck far east have been suspended ahead of a general offer by majority shareholder polly peck international for the [staying] equity .

The aim of the traffic engineers was to cut car journeys by up to 10 per cent , creating congestion-free running for buses , goods vehicles and the remaining cars .
the aim of the traffic engineers was to cut car journeys by up to 10 per cent , creating congestion-free running for buses , goods vehicles and the [staying] cars .

The remaining nine chapters cover a variety of topics .
the [staying] nine chapters cover a variety of topics .

The remaining chapters are concerned with the use of tert -butyl groups as a means for minimising kinetic reactivity of systems such as tetrahedrane , developments with homologues of barrelene and bullvalene , and two on the current status of polyhedrane chemistry , especially the ‘ Mount Everest of alicyclic chemistry ’ , dodecahedrane .
the [staying] chapters are concerned with the use of tert -butyl groups as a means for minimising kinetic reactivity of systems such as tetrahedrane , developments with homologues of barrelene and bullvalene , and two on the current status of polyhedrane chemistry , especially the ‘ mount everest of alicyclic chemistry ’ , dodecahedrane .

Viscount Palmerston had taken over as Prime Minister by then only to lose that position to Lord Derby again but only for a year , as the Liberals were able to take control of Parliament in 1859 , with Viscount Palmerston remaining as Prime Minister until 1865 , during which period many changes took place .
viscount palmerston had taken over as prime minister by then only to lose that position to lord derby again but only for a year , as the liberals were able to take control of parliament in 1859 , with viscount palmerston [staying] as prime minister until 1865 , during which period many changes took place .

So a truce was declared in July 1921 , and negotiations took place between Mr. De Valera — on behalf of Sinn Fein , and the British government , so that by December an agreement was reached to partition Ireland , with six Counties of Ulster remaining with the United Kingdom , with its own Northern Ireland Parliament in Belfast .
so a truce was declared in july 1921 , and negotiations took place between mr. de valera — on behalf of sinn fein , and the british government , so that by december an agreement was reached to partition ireland , with six counties of ulster [staying] with the united kingdom , with its own northern ireland parliament in belfast .

By May 1943 , the remaining German and Italian forces surrendered at Tunis , to the merged Allied forces .
by may 1943 , the [staying] german and italian forces surrendered at tunis , to the merged allied forces .

As the remaining congregation of St. Mary Magdalene had joined St. Nicholas Church , it was decided not to rebuild as a church but as a new Hall and premises for the congregation of St. Nicholas parish .
as the [staying] congregation of st. mary magdalene had joined st. nicholas church , it was decided not to rebuild as a church but as a new hall and premises for the congregation of st. nicholas parish .

On many of the remaining farms emergency cover might have been available through other members of the family .
on many of the [staying] farms emergency cover might have been available through other members of the family .

After dark , they worked by the light of the city 's fires and by candles the ten remaining nurses held for them .
after dark , they worked by the light of the city 's fires and by candles the ten [staying] nurses held for them .

The remaining surface must carry blunt warnings about the dangers of smoking .
the [staying] surface must carry blunt warnings about the dangers of smoking .

Certainly in agriculture in general the loss of young workers under 20 is very great indeed , approximately 27.0 % , but those remaining could have much to contribute .
certainly in agriculture in general the loss of young workers under 20 is very great indeed , approximately 27.0 % , but those [staying] could have much to contribute .

Wellcome , the pharmaceutical company , is negotiating the sale of its two remaining non-pharmaceutical businesses — its environmental health division to Roussel-Uclaf , France , and its diagnostics division to Murex Technologies , Canada .
wellcome , the pharmaceutical company , is negotiating the sale of its two [staying] non-pharmaceutical businesses — its environmental health division to roussel-uclaf , france , and its diagnostics division to murex technologies , canada .

Consistent with this , the results of recent research on Kuwait oil fires indicate that the smoke did not appear to be rising high enough to reach the stratosphere , where transport may occur over considerable distances with soot particles remaining for months .
consistent with this , the results of recent research on kuwait oil fires indicate that the smoke did not appear to be rising high enough to reach the stratosphere , where transport may occur over considerable distances with soot particles [staying] for months .

Strains with improved insecticidal activity have been produced in our laboratory by partial plasmid curing — so that the remaining genes are expressed at a higher level — and by transconjugation to produce new combinations of plasmids , giving a desirable activity spectrum .
strains with improved insecticidal activity have been produced in our laboratory by partial plasmid curing — so that the [staying] genes are expressed at a higher level — and by transconjugation to produce new combinations of plasmids , giving a desirable activity spectrum .

The fairest way would be to just run off the four remaining races , perhaps before another Exeter meeting .
the fairest way would be to just run off the four [staying] races , perhaps before another exeter meeting .

Nigel Briers , the Leicestershire captain , thereafter persevered with his slow bowlers , Peter Hepworth and Laurie Potter , and the remaining two wickets put on 89 runs .
nigel briers , the leicestershire captain , thereafter persevered with his slow bowlers , peter hepworth and laurie potter , and the [staying] two wickets put on 89 runs .

The remaining sections of the Act deal with a variety of mandatory duties of which the following aspects are most significant :
the [staying] sections of the act deal with a variety of mandatory duties of which the following aspects are most significant :

Nearly half the cases ( 49 per cent ) involved abuse of adolescent girls between 12 and 16 years ; 37 per cent involved abuse of children aged between 6 and 11 years ; while the remaining 14 per cent involved children of preschool age .
nearly half the cases ( 49 per cent ) involved abuse of adolescent girls between 12 and 16 years ; 37 per cent involved abuse of children aged between 6 and 11 years ; while the [staying] 14 per cent involved children of preschool age .

For 55 per cent of social workers it was their first case while the remaining 45 per cent had dealt with a case before ; 90 per cent of police claimed prior experience of investigation .
for 55 per cent of social workers it was their first case while the [staying] 45 per cent had dealt with a case before ; 90 per cent of police claimed prior experience of investigation .

Secondary criteria included , for example , the abused child 's attitude towards remaining at home ; presence or absence of physical signs of abuse ; psychological or behavioural signs of disturbance in the abused child ; parental criminal or psychiatric history including alcohol or drug abuse .
secondary criteria included , for example , the abused child 's attitude towards [staying] at home ; presence or absence of physical signs of abuse ; psychological or behavioural signs of disturbance in the abused child ; parental criminal or psychiatric history including alcohol or drug abuse .

In the seven cases where no specific primary carer was named as participating , four social workers had been aides by unspecified ‘ others ’ , and the remaining three had completed the form with the cooperation of the young person ( 16–18 year old ) alone .
in the seven cases where no specific primary carer was named as participating , four social workers had been aides by unspecified ‘ others ’ , and the [staying] three had completed the form with the cooperation of the young person ( 16–18 year old ) alone .

Once the Franks had departed , however , the tribes simply proceeded with revolt and did their best to destroy any remaining Frankish outposts or sympathisers .
once the franks had departed , however , the tribes simply proceeded with revolt and did their best to destroy any [staying] frankish outposts or sympathisers .

He began to read it page by page , showing amusement , but remaining on my side of the counter .
he began to read it page by page , showing amusement , but [staying] on my side of the counter .

The remaining growth will be in industry — mainly the cement industry .
the [staying] growth will be in industry — mainly the cement industry .

Despite huge cuts in refinery capacity those remaining were still 40 % under-used in 1983 .
despite huge cuts in refinery capacity those [staying] were still 40 % under-used in 1983 .

Gas has all the potential to become the balancing fuel in Italy , both in electricity generation and domestic and industrial heating markets , but the expansion will depend on gas remaining price competitive with the oil it is meant to replace .
gas has all the potential to become the balancing fuel in italy , both in electricity generation and domestic and industrial heating markets , but the expansion will depend on gas [staying] price competitive with the oil it is meant to replace .

Primary energy demand in Latin America will increase by some 80 % between 1983 and the year 2000 with oil remaining the major fuel .
primary energy demand in latin america will increase by some 80 % between 1983 and the year 2000 with oil [staying] the major fuel .

If the tough edges of ‘ Bizarro ’ are reinforced on subsequent albums , they will find themselves remaining worthy of excessive press coverage but selling fewer records .
if the tough edges of ‘ bizarro ’ are reinforced on subsequent albums , they will find themselves [staying] worthy of excessive press coverage but selling fewer records .

The ideology of enterprise culture has finally permeated the remaining institutions of British cultural life .
the ideology of enterprise culture has finally permeated the [staying] institutions of british cultural life .

The patient then underwent a treatment called balloon angioplasty in which a small rubber balloon was passed inside the artery and inflated , thus pushing the remaining cholesterol deposits back into the artery wall .
the patient then underwent a treatment called balloon angioplasty in which a small rubber balloon was passed inside the artery and inflated , thus pushing the [staying] cholesterol deposits back into the artery wall .

The same Bill will ban the remaining forms of secondary action , and outlaw closed shop agreements altogether .
the same bill will ban the [staying] forms of secondary action , and outlaw closed shop agreements altogether .

The remaining graves , probably about 280 — filled with up to 1,000 more weapons and jewellery items — will be excavated only if finance for future digs becomes available .
the [staying] graves , probably about 280 — filled with up to 1,000 more weapons and jewellery items — will be excavated only if finance for future digs becomes available .

The remaining negotiations must be between him and Abraham .
the [staying] negotiations must be between him and abraham .

Mercifully , the remaining two complaint stories of the Numbers series are much shorter .
mercifully , the [staying] two complaint stories of the numbers series are much shorter .

Timeliness and attention to detail on the remaining cropping can be improved and it could allow machinery replacements to be delayed .
timeliness and attention to detail on the [staying] cropping can be improved and it could allow machinery replacements to be delayed .

It is worth removing mildly infested plants from their pots and washing off all the compost ( together with the grubs and any remaining eggs ) , then repotting in fresh compost drenched with insecticide .
it is worth removing mildly infested plants from their pots and washing off all the compost ( together with the grubs and any [staying] eggs ) , then repotting in fresh compost drenched with insecticide .

‘ Up the top , on the left , ’ the porter mumbled , covering the remaining ground to the waiting-room before Mungo could bother him again .
‘ up the top , on the left , ’ the porter mumbled , covering the [staying] ground to the waiting-room before mungo could bother him again .

Playing the light on the remaining two stones , he began to think there was no point in staying .
playing the light on the [staying] two stones , he began to think there was no point in staying .

Now the remaining box in Vic 's shed could be used in evidence against the thief .
now the [staying] box in vic 's shed could be used in evidence against the thief .

Nigel pretended a relative had just died and managed to get out of most of the remaining classes of the term .
nigel pretended a relative had just died and managed to get out of most of the [staying] classes of the term .

She returned to the brightly coloured pages of her magazine , leaving Frankie to eat the last remaining quarter of his jam sandwich in peace .
she returned to the brightly coloured pages of her magazine , leaving frankie to eat the last [staying] quarter of his jam sandwich in peace .

The remaining petals fluttered to the floor in a pathetic cascade .
the [staying] petals fluttered to the floor in a pathetic cascade .

Dane curled her long body into the remaining space and lay with her head resting on her front paws , oblivious to the pups ' wails of hunger .
dane curled her long body into the [staying] space and lay with her head resting on her front paws , oblivious to the pups ' wails of hunger .

There was just no point in remaining on the premises when you knew you had to go , as Muldoon had said .
there was just no point in [staying] on the premises when you knew you had to go , as muldoon had said .

‘ Use the remaining few weeks to say your goodbyes and to find another job , ’ he had said .
‘ use the [staying] few weeks to say your goodbyes and to find another job , ’ he had said .

This was the movement , initiated by the Wesley brothers and White field , which came to be called Methodism among those leaving the established church , and Evangelicalism among those remaining within the Anglican fold .
this was the movement , initiated by the wesley brothers and white field , which came to be called methodism among those leaving the established church , and evangelicalism among those [staying] within the anglican fold .

The remaining metals were mainly used to modify the properties of the others by alloying and for specialised functions in construction such as joining by soldering .
the [staying] metals were mainly used to modify the properties of the others by alloying and for specialised functions in construction such as joining by soldering .

clay , other than pottery , which has been deliberately subjected to heat ( e.g. walls and bases of kilns and hearths , metal-production debris such as tuyeres and furnaces , core material remaining in bronzes after casting on a clay core ) , or heated accidentally ( e.g. daub from a house burnt down in a fire )
clay , other than pottery , which has been deliberately subjected to heat ( e.g. walls and bases of kilns and hearths , metal-production debris such as tuyeres and furnaces , core material [staying] in bronzes after casting on a clay core ) , or heated accidentally ( e.g. daub from a house burnt down in a fire )

During the process the bronze was bathed in a solution of zinc salts and , unless it was carefully washed afterwards , some of these zinc salts could persist in the remaining patina on the surface .
during the process the bronze was bathed in a solution of zinc salts and , unless it was carefully washed afterwards , some of these zinc salts could persist in the [staying] patina on the surface .

But Franca while remaining seemingly so calm , friendly and kind , had refused to be led into any woman-to-woman conversation about ‘ how things were ’ .
but franca while [staying] seemingly so calm , friendly and kind , had refused to be led into any woman-to-woman conversation about ‘ how things were ’ .

If , after cleaning , the level of micro-organisms remaining is so high that there is a potential danger of food contamination which may constitute a risk to health or cause accelerated spoilage , disinfection is needed . The number of surfaces where the test applies is extremely limited and includes :
if , after cleaning , the level of micro-organisms [staying] is so high that there is a potential danger of food contamination which may constitute a risk to health or cause accelerated spoilage , disinfection is needed . the number of surfaces where the test applies is extremely limited and includes :

The bill identifies much of the blame for the tremendously high rate of deforestation in India as belonging to the adivasis or tribal peoples , who have been systematically marginalised and impoverished for over a thousand years , and who have now retreated into the mountains and remaining forests of central India ( a close-up case study is provided of a tribal group , the Sora , in sect .
the bill identifies much of the blame for the tremendously high rate of deforestation in india as belonging to the adivasis or tribal peoples , who have been systematically marginalised and impoverished for over a thousand years , and who have now retreated into the mountains and [staying] forests of central india ( a close-up case study is provided of a tribal group , the sora , in sect .

By extension , then , conservation practices left undone , legislation remaining unheeded , projects that only serve to keep research officers in salary and which never leave the experimental station ( those things not done ) are also political acts and not just omissions , or non-events which do not need explaining .
by extension , then , conservation practices left undone , legislation [staying] unheeded , projects that only serve to keep research officers in salary and which never leave the experimental station ( those things not done ) are also political acts and not just omissions , or non-events which do not need explaining .

From the National Gallery to the end of the square , the remaining houses belonged to the ‘ close ’ of the Archbishop 's Palace and they feature a variety of façades .
from the national gallery to the end of the square , the [staying] houses belonged to the ‘ close ’ of the archbishop 's palace and they feature a variety of façades .

The journey , however , proves to be a descent into hell , for Comala turns out to be a ghost town which has been devastated by the oppression of his father , the tyrannical landowner Pedro Páramo , and whose few remaining inhabitants live in despair , convinced that they have been banished forever from the grace of God .
the journey , however , proves to be a descent into hell , for comala turns out to be a ghost town which has been devastated by the oppression of his father , the tyrannical landowner pedro páramo , and whose few [staying] inhabitants live in despair , convinced that they have been banished forever from the grace of god .

Larsen , the protagonist of Juan Carlos Onetti 's The Shipyard , for example , caricatures the thrusting , social-climbing heroes of nineteenth-century fiction by assuming charge of a shipyard and paying court to the owner 's daughter , but the world in which he operates grotesquely parodies the industrial age 's spirit of optimism and progress , for the owner is bankrupt , his daughter is mad , the decaying yard is no longer operational and the two remaining employees spend their time reading out-of-date files .
larsen , the protagonist of juan carlos onetti 's the shipyard , for example , caricatures the thrusting , social-climbing heroes of nineteenth-century fiction by assuming charge of a shipyard and paying court to the owner 's daughter , but the world in which he operates grotesquely parodies the industrial age 's spirit of optimism and progress , for the owner is bankrupt , his daughter is mad , the decaying yard is no longer operational and the two [staying] employees spend their time reading out-of-date files .

An exhibition of the short-listed 40 designs runs until 14 October at the gallery and the remaining entries are also on show in the grounds until 7 October .
an exhibition of the short-listed 40 designs runs until 14 october at the gallery and the [staying] entries are also on show in the grounds until 7 october .

The professions had been brought within the scope of the monopolies legislation — although remaining exempt from restrictive trade practices legislation — in 1965 .
the professions had been brought within the scope of the monopolies legislation — although [staying] exempt from restrictive trade practices legislation — in 1965 .

Over his remaining thirty years of life he tried to fulfil the Hashemite ambition to rule the whole Arab Levant .
over his [staying] thirty years of life he tried to fulfil the hashemite ambition to rule the whole arab levant .

The continued armed presence of Palestinians , defending the camp areas but also renewing their attacks on Israel 's northern border , destroyed much of the remaining solidarity offered by the Sunni Muslim and Druze communities .
the continued armed presence of palestinians , defending the camp areas but also renewing their attacks on israel 's northern border , destroyed much of the [staying] solidarity offered by the sunni muslim and druze communities .

Fortunately a younger boy had a dramatic nosebleed which distracted his house-mates ' attention and covered any remaining smears of blood .
fortunately a younger boy had a dramatic nosebleed which distracted his house-mates ' attention and covered any [staying] smears of blood .

For many of the most elderly , remaining independent will be determined by the level of support and practical help provided by relatives , friends and by organised services .
for many of the most elderly , [staying] independent will be determined by the level of support and practical help provided by relatives , friends and by organised services .

The resignation of Sir Geoffrey Howe , the Deputy Prime Minister and last remaining member of Mrs Thatcher 's original 1979 Cabinet , on 1 November provided both the issue and the trigger .
the resignation of sir geoffrey howe , the deputy prime minister and last [staying] member of mrs thatcher 's original 1979 cabinet , on 1 november provided both the issue and the trigger .

The remaining 29 boroughs were under Labour control before the elections .
the [staying] 29 boroughs were under labour control before the elections .

The remaining delegates to be chosen in these races will not give Mr Clinton a firm lock on the nomination but , barring some unfathomable collapse on his part , he will be mathematically impossible to overtake .
the [staying] delegates to be chosen in these races will not give mr clinton a firm lock on the nomination but , barring some unfathomable collapse on his part , he will be mathematically impossible to overtake .

Police at checkpoints were ordered by the Ukrainian Foreign Ministry to prevent Western correspondents from entering Sevastopol , one of the few remaining closed cities of the former Soviet Union .
police at checkpoints were ordered by the ukrainian foreign ministry to prevent western correspondents from entering sevastopol , one of the few [staying] closed cities of the former soviet union .

Another persuasive defence of economic reforms yesterday by Mr Yegor Gaidar , First Deputy Prime Minister , may have been enough to have seen off remaining threats .
another persuasive defence of economic reforms yesterday by mr yegor gaidar , first deputy prime minister , may have been enough to have seen off [staying] threats .

Sevastopol , one of the few remaining closed cities on former Soviet territory , with access restricted to permit holders , is not expensive by the hyper-inflated standards of Moscow and Kiev , but supplies are bad .
sevastopol , one of the few [staying] closed cities on former soviet territory , with access restricted to permit holders , is not expensive by the hyper-inflated standards of moscow and kiev , but supplies are bad .

The remaining farmers in the district are the latest to complain .
the [staying] farmers in the district are the latest to complain .

Now Pipe must be resigned to the fact that with just seven weeks of the season remaining and only 97 jump meetings left , he is out of reach of the latter figure with £784,000 .
now pipe must be resigned to the fact that with just seven weeks of the season [staying] and only 97 jump meetings left , he is out of reach of the latter figure with £784,000 .

With four games remaining , Swansea lead by a point from Llanelli , who play Cardiff at Stradey Park .
with four games [staying] , swansea lead by a point from llanelli , who play cardiff at stradey park .

It soon expects to announce 10 deals to lease its remaining pubs , free of any beer supply agreements , to brewers and pub operators .
it soon expects to announce 10 deals to lease its [staying] pubs , free of any beer supply agreements , to brewers and pub operators .

With two days of racing remaining Lawrie Smith is leading the Solings , Paul Brotherton the men 's 470s and Barrie Edgington the men 's Lechner sailboards .
with two days of racing [staying] lawrie smith is leading the solings , paul brotherton the men 's 470s and barrie edgington the men 's lechner sailboards .

The new Baryshnikov still dances — yes , with immaculate grace and fine co-ordination — but instead of launching into bravura virtuoso variations he applies his artistry to less spectacular works , modestly remaining very much one of a good professional team .
the new baryshnikov still dances — yes , with immaculate grace and fine co-ordination — but instead of launching into bravura virtuoso variations he applies his artistry to less spectacular works , modestly [staying] very much one of a good professional team .

Considering he was four over par after the first three holes of the New Orleans tournament , Faldo 's 11 under for the remaining 69 on a course he found demanding looks a useful dress rehearsal for the first of the year 's majors .
considering he was four over par after the first three holes of the new orleans tournament , faldo 's 11 under for the [staying] 69 on a course he found demanding looks a useful dress rehearsal for the first of the year 's majors .

It was a perfect day for Bayle to celebrate his 23rd birthday , though he is not expected to contest any of the remaining 11 ties , except perhaps his native French round in July .
it was a perfect day for bayle to celebrate his 23rd birthday , though he is not expected to contest any of the [staying] 11 ties , except perhaps his native french round in july .

The remaining 40 p.c .
the [staying] 40 p.c .

As a result Wallace , hitting a fine length , was able to close a gap of 1–6 to 5–6 before Wright once again took firm control and seized the remaining points in one hand .
as a result wallace , hitting a fine length , was able to close a gap of 1–6 to 5–6 before wright once again took firm control and seized the [staying] points in one hand .

Nearly all the red-tiled-roof homes along the ridge line , high above Sarajevo , were deserted , with the last remaining people hurriedly packing their belongings on to cars and wagons .
nearly all the red-tiled-roof homes along the ridge line , high above sarajevo , were deserted , with the last [staying] people hurriedly packing their belongings on to cars and wagons .

But the company outstripped competitors by remaining in the black .
but the company outstripped competitors by [staying] in the black .

The great head of yeast created during fermentation is cropped off and after a week the remaining yeast is overcome by the alcohol it has produced and sinks to the bottom of the fermenter .
the great head of yeast created during fermentation is cropped off and after a week the [staying] yeast is overcome by the alcohol it has produced and sinks to the bottom of the fermenter .

The remaining yeast in the casks turns the residual sugars into alcohol while the natural gas produced escapes through a soft porous wooden peg knocked into the shive hole on top of the cask .
the [staying] yeast in the casks turns the residual sugars into alcohol while the natural gas produced escapes through a soft porous wooden peg knocked into the shive hole on top of the cask .

Indeed , the vast majority of lines remaining carried record numbers of passengers for peacetime on ordinary working days , the great holiday and excursion tidal waves of traffic of course being history .
indeed , the vast majority of lines [staying] carried record numbers of passengers for peacetime on ordinary working days , the great holiday and excursion tidal waves of traffic of course being history .

Most of the semaphores of 1980 have gone , virtually no large gantries remaining in total use .
most of the semaphores of 1980 have gone , virtually no large gantries [staying] in total use .

At the close of the decade there were only two examples of the Class 03 diesel mechanical shunter remaining in stock , both on the Isle of Wight .
at the close of the decade there were only two examples of the class 03 diesel mechanical shunter [staying] in stock , both on the isle of wight .

At the end of the decade all the remaining members of the class were based here .
at the end of the decade all the [staying] members of the class were based here .

This page and Outlook , page 25 Payment withheld : Abbey National intends to refuse to pay the remaining £7m it nominally owes Lloyds Bank Registrars for the handling of its share distribution .
this page and outlook , page 25 payment withheld : abbey national intends to refuse to pay the [staying] £7m it nominally owes lloyds bank registrars for the handling of its share distribution .

Leonard Winbolt of Kings Lynn in Norfolk is typical of the remaining aggrieved would-be shareholders .
leonard winbolt of kings lynn in norfolk is typical of the [staying] aggrieved would-be shareholders .

Ringwood Hall , a gentry dream built about 1805 and now overlooking Sheffield 's satellite towns and remaining greenery , boasts the full five bones .
ringwood hall , a gentry dream built about 1805 and now overlooking sheffield 's satellite towns and [staying] greenery , boasts the full five bones .

Once the sailor has ‘ climbed the rigging ’ , which is usually an energetic process , he ‘ looks out ’ , remaining stationary except for a slight sway as the boat sails out of harbour .
once the sailor has ‘ climbed the rigging ’ , which is usually an energetic process , he ‘ looks out ’ , [staying] stationary except for a slight sway as the boat sails out of harbour .

They will have to sit out remaining match suspensions when the finals begin on June 8 .
they will have to sit out [staying] match suspensions when the finals begin on june 8 .

On Surrey , The Banshee contained the president , Paddy Mant , while this year 's other remaining Blue , Guy Pooley , was in Red Alligator in the centre .
on surrey , the banshee contained the president , paddy mant , while this year 's other [staying] blue , guy pooley , was in red alligator in the centre .

They will have to sit out remaining match suspensions when the finals begin on June 8 .
they will have to sit out [staying] match suspensions when the finals begin on june 8 .

Of the 57,000 Vietnamese in Hong Kong , some 17,000 would be resettled as genuine refugees , but the remaining 40,000 would have to go back .
of the 57,000 vietnamese in hong kong , some 17,000 would be resettled as genuine refugees , but the [staying] 40,000 would have to go back .

In the remaining working days of this month there are hopes that the council will also agree measures to control trans-national mergers .
in the [staying] working days of this month there are hopes that the council will also agree measures to control trans-national mergers .

If you do any part-time work while on unemployment benefit and your earnings do not affect your benefit entitlement , you will still have to meet the rest of the conditions for this benefit on the remaining days .
if you do any part-time work while on unemployment benefit and your earnings do not affect your benefit entitlement , you will still have to meet the rest of the conditions for this benefit on the [staying] days .

The French finance minister , Mr Pierre Beregovoy , had sent a flutter of excitement through the international financial markets when he announced at mid-morning that all remaining exchange controls would be swept away .
the french finance minister , mr pierre beregovoy , had sent a flutter of excitement through the international financial markets when he announced at mid-morning that all [staying] exchange controls would be swept away .

Central America is the only remaining area of foreign policy dispute between the superpowers .
central america is the only [staying] area of foreign policy dispute between the superpowers .

Central America is the only remaining area of foreign policy dispute between the superpowers .
central america is the only [staying] area of foreign policy dispute between the superpowers .

If you do any part-time work while on unemployment benefit and your earnings do not affect your benefit entitlement , you will still have to meet the rest of the conditions for this benefit on the remaining days .
if you do any part-time work while on unemployment benefit and your earnings do not affect your benefit entitlement , you will still have to meet the rest of the conditions for this benefit on the [staying] days .

Mr Siaurusevicius said that this might split the Lithuanian Party , with the majority approving the proposal , and a minority remaining members of the All-Union Party .
mr siaurusevicius said that this might split the lithuanian party , with the majority approving the proposal , and a minority [staying] members of the all-union party .

Subsidiary buildings escaped relatively unscathed but the main block was completely gutted , only the outer shell remaining .
subsidiary buildings escaped relatively unscathed but the main block was completely gutted , only the outer shell [staying] .

There is little of interest or character remaining , much of the site consisting of ugly , utilitarian buildings .
there is little of interest or character [staying] , much of the site consisting of ugly , utilitarian buildings .

The loom shed was , by now , used by a firm of silk throwsters , their comparatively modest power requirements met by the remaining water wheel .
the loom shed was , by now , used by a firm of silk throwsters , their comparatively modest power requirements met by the [staying] water wheel .

This is the oldest remaining part and , unlike much of ' the remainder of the site , is still full of character .
this is the oldest [staying] part and , unlike much of ' the remainder of the site , is still full of character .

Around 1900–1901 , the mill was closed and put up for sale , remaining unoccupied for some time .
around 1900–1901 , the mill was closed and put up for sale , [staying] unoccupied for some time .

Lane had to relinquish his tenancy in 1885 , the mill remaining empty until 1888 .
lane had to relinquish his tenancy in 1885 , the mill [staying] empty until 1888 .

For a time after his departure , the Abbey Mill site was run by William Rice and Co , and towards the end of its working life was running eight pairs of stones and producing its own electricity , using a water turbine and two of the remaining waterwheels .
for a time after his departure , the abbey mill site was run by william rice and co , and towards the end of its working life was running eight pairs of stones and producing its own electricity , using a water turbine and two of the [staying] waterwheels .

The remaining member of the family was her big sister , Laura , who was married and living in Glasgow .
the [staying] member of the family was her big sister , laura , who was married and living in glasgow .

‘ Those in authority are worried about the spread of disease , plus the sheer danger of remaining in Heymouth .
‘ those in authority are worried about the spread of disease , plus the sheer danger of [staying] in heymouth .

Incidents such as five year olds showing ‘ bottoms ’ to each other in the playground or playhouse comer can , unless prompt action is taken , snowball into reports of almost sex orgy proportion rather than remaining in the league of innocent childish curiosity .
incidents such as five year olds showing ‘ bottoms ’ to each other in the playground or playhouse comer can , unless prompt action is taken , snowball into reports of almost sex orgy proportion rather than [staying] in the league of innocent childish curiosity .

In quick succession , the remaining two brothers were called to the stand .
in quick succession , the [staying] two brothers were called to the stand .

Of the remaining references , 35 per cent deal distinctly with examples of fauna , leaving a paltry tenth of the references to indicate that the flora of our planet is under threat from extinction as well .
of the [staying] references , 35 per cent deal distinctly with examples of fauna , leaving a paltry tenth of the references to indicate that the flora of our planet is under threat from extinction as well .

In 1866 the Austrians were thrown out of Venetia , and in 1870 the last remaining territory of the Papal states was annexed .
in 1866 the austrians were thrown out of venetia , and in 1870 the last [staying] territory of the papal states was annexed .

Of the earliest church the major remaining section is an apse in the chapel of the Pietà , although most of the chapel is from the rebuilding by Bramante in the 1400s .
of the earliest church the major [staying] section is an apse in the chapel of the pietà , although most of the chapel is from the rebuilding by bramante in the 1400s .

During this period he also wrote the first act of the ‘ sacred Singspiel ’ Die Schuldigkeit des ersten Gebots ( 9 ) the remaining acts being written by Michael Haydn ( l737–l806 then Konzertmeister to the Archbishop of Salzburg ) and Anton Adlgasser ( 1729–1777 , court and cathedral organist in Salzburg ) .
during this period he also wrote the first act of the ‘ sacred singspiel ’ die schuldigkeit des ersten gebots ( 9 ) the [staying] acts being written by michael haydn ( l737–l806 then konzertmeister to the archbishop of salzburg ) and anton adlgasser ( 1729–1777 , court and cathedral organist in salzburg ) .

Mozart was to send the recitatives to Milan by October , and was instructed to arrive by 1 November to write the remaining music .
mozart was to send the recitatives to milan by october , and was instructed to arrive by 1 november to write the [staying] music .

The remaining 20 % of births in this group have hydrocephalus , more commonly known as ‘ water on the brain ' , where an excess amount of cerebrospinal fluid is present and the head expands to accommodate it .
the [staying] 20 % of births in this group have hydrocephalus , more commonly known as ‘ water on the brain ' , where an excess amount of cerebrospinal fluid is present and the head expands to accommodate it .

Apart from the mental handicap hospitals , there are only two remaining options :
apart from the mental handicap hospitals , there are only two [staying] options :

In the later case a three-member panel had considered the applicants ' appeal and had adjourned to hear the remaining appeals .
in the later case a three-member panel had considered the applicants ' appeal and had adjourned to hear the [staying] appeals .

There is a danger that by remaining on the file the picture acquires a spurious aura of eternal truth .
there is a danger that by [staying] on the file the picture acquires a spurious aura of eternal truth .

The first was a continuation of the earlier sales because Iran had now promised that within about two months it would be able to arrange the release of the remaining five American hostages .
the first was a continuation of the earlier sales because iran had now promised that within about two months it would be able to arrange the release of the [staying] five american hostages .

He had , however , learned patience and had no intention of indulging in any further escapades while remaining convinced that sooner or later he would fulfil his destiny .
he had , however , learned patience and had no intention of indulging in any further escapades while [staying] convinced that sooner or later he would fulfil his destiny .

Equally loyal and effective was the Lady-in-Waiting , the Duchess de Bassano , whose husband was Grand Chamberlain of the Court , and whose devotion to their sovereigns was such that they followed them into exile , remaining faithful unto death .
equally loyal and effective was the lady-in-waiting , the duchess de bassano , whose husband was grand chamberlain of the court , and whose devotion to their sovereigns was such that they followed them into exile , [staying] faithful unto death .

These strands do not continue throughout the levels because it is not possible to specify further measurable stages of development in these abilities , and it would be cumbersome to repeat them unchanged throughout the remaining seven levels .
these strands do not continue throughout the levels because it is not possible to specify further measurable stages of development in these abilities , and it would be cumbersome to repeat them unchanged throughout the [staying] seven levels .

But there had to be blood … We really ought to have noted the various quantities remaining , when Dr Burney offered to tell us this morning .
but there had to be blood … we really ought to have noted the various quantities [staying] , when dr burney offered to tell us this morning .

Ninety per cent of the remaining seasonal workers worked for four to six months a year for a low wage .
ninety per cent of the [staying] seasonal workers worked for four to six months a year for a low wage .

The remaining land was to be given out in family units , in line with the government 's ideology of private ownership .
the [staying] land was to be given out in family units , in line with the government 's ideology of private ownership .

Since the remaining land was not sufficient to accommodate all the 75,000 beneficiaries of Chilean agrarian reform , the military regime started a selection process .
since the [staying] land was not sufficient to accommodate all the 75,000 beneficiaries of chilean agrarian reform , the military regime started a selection process .

The remaining monuments have been cracked open by undergrowth or assaulted by time and neglect .
the [staying] monuments have been cracked open by undergrowth or assaulted by time and neglect .

Thus a person who has no regular trading relations with the parties can provide the Reds with their ordinary requirement of food while remaining narrowly neutral , or refuse to sell them anything that improves their position and be comprehensively neutral .
thus a person who has no regular trading relations with the parties can provide the reds with their ordinary requirement of food while [staying] narrowly neutral , or refuse to sell them anything that improves their position and be comprehensively neutral .

Poland was becoming the most industrialized part of the Tsar 's empire , and the business classes , as represented in the National Democrats , were strongly committed to remaining part of this imperial market .
poland was becoming the most industrialized part of the tsar 's empire , and the business classes , as represented in the national democrats , were strongly committed to [staying] part of this imperial market .

In a final , ill-considered act of desperation , she tried to knock the butt section clear , using the remaining two sections as a spear .
in a final , ill-considered act of desperation , she tried to knock the butt section clear , using the [staying] two sections as a spear .

Compton Mackenzie used the incident as the theme for his superb book , Whisky Galore , and in 1989 a company was formed to salvage anything remaining intact in no .
compton mackenzie used the incident as the theme for his superb book , whisky galore , and in 1989 a company was formed to salvage anything [staying] intact in no .

It may be an allergic reaction or residual bacteria remaining in the body and affecting the circulation .
it may be an allergic reaction or residual bacteria [staying] in the body and affecting the circulation .

Today it is in a state of total decay , only the delightful prospect over the river remaining to tell of its former glory .
today it is in a state of total decay , only the delightful prospect over the river [staying] to tell of its former glory .

It is , however , a fascinating area to explore , bridges , culverts , mine levels and a smelting mill remaining to be seen after a century of abandonment and neglect .
it is , however , a fascinating area to explore , bridges , culverts , mine levels and a smelting mill [staying] to be seen after a century of abandonment and neglect .

The third area of concern relates to the adequacy of the remaining safeguards introduced by the Act .
the third area of concern relates to the adequacy of the [staying] safeguards introduced by the act .

With boundaries go hedges , and some of those still remaining have been part of the farmed landscape since Saxon , or possibly even earlier , times .
with boundaries go hedges , and some of those still [staying] have been part of the farmed landscape since saxon , or possibly even earlier , times .

Add to this the limitations which wetlands impose on farming — short grazing seasons , foot-rot in sheep , suppression of root growth , in the damp soil , and the hazards of high water for cereal crops , not to mention the terror of a flood — and it is enough to make one want to rush out and drain all remaining wetlands on sight .
add to this the limitations which wetlands impose on farming — short grazing seasons , foot-rot in sheep , suppression of root growth , in the damp soil , and the hazards of high water for cereal crops , not to mention the terror of a flood — and it is enough to make one want to rush out and drain all [staying] wetlands on sight .

In 1653 , after the remaining works had been completed by Dutch prisoners of war under Vermuyden 's direction , a service of thanksgiving was held in Ely Cathedral ; and in the same year Vermuyden was employed by his earlier adversary , the lord protector , on diplomatic missions to the Netherlands .
in 1653 , after the [staying] works had been completed by dutch prisoners of war under vermuyden 's direction , a service of thanksgiving was held in ely cathedral ; and in the same year vermuyden was employed by his earlier adversary , the lord protector , on diplomatic missions to the netherlands .

Non-allergenic , non-perfumed wet wipes ( or baby wipes ) are best for cleaning the anal area , to avoid the risk of faeces remaining clogged in the pubic hairs .
non-allergenic , non-perfumed wet wipes ( or baby wipes ) are best for cleaning the anal area , to avoid the risk of faeces [staying] clogged in the pubic hairs .

Then , in 1067 , Ferdinand 's widow died , thus removing any scruple remaining in the mind of Sancho towards honouring the partition .
then , in 1067 , ferdinand 's widow died , thus removing any scruple [staying] in the mind of sancho towards honouring the partition .

Jerusalem , the very heart of Christendom , had been captured and it could only be a matter of time before the remaining Christian forces , still holding on at Tyre , Tripoli and Antioch , were overcome or expelled .
jerusalem , the very heart of christendom , had been captured and it could only be a matter of time before the [staying] christian forces , still holding on at tyre , tripoli and antioch , were overcome or expelled .

Carn Mor Dearg 's cairn provides a perfect view of the remaining route , with the Arête sweeping elegantly off to the south-west .
carn mor dearg 's cairn provides a perfect view of the [staying] route , with the arête sweeping elegantly off to the south-west .

Thus the Baileys ' garden was L-shaped , and the remaining portion of Tullivers ' land , a mere quarter of an acre , allowed room for only a lawn , a few mature lilac and may trees and the flower border which had been the Admiral 's particular pride .
thus the baileys ' garden was l-shaped , and the [staying] portion of tullivers ' land , a mere quarter of an acre , allowed room for only a lawn , a few mature lilac and may trees and the flower border which had been the admiral 's particular pride .

Things became so bad for the Charles Bal later on in the evening that she had to spend the entire night tacking back and forth south east of Krakatoa , probably remaining within twenty kilometres of it — the ash-fall from the eruption was so thick that Captain Watson could not see well enough to steer away to safety , but ironically , the glare from the volcano provided a weird and somewhat improbable lighthouse .
things became so bad for the charles bal later on in the evening that she had to spend the entire night tacking back and forth south east of krakatoa , probably [staying] within twenty kilometres of it — the ash-fall from the eruption was so thick that captain watson could not see well enough to steer away to safety , but ironically , the glare from the volcano provided a weird and somewhat improbable lighthouse .

At 11 a.m. a heavy rain of ash was falling , and by 11.20 the air was so thick with ash and pumice dust that the sun was blotted out , and total darkness fell on the city , remaining until 1 p.m .
at 11 a.m. a heavy rain of ash was falling , and by 11.20 the air was so thick with ash and pumice dust that the sun was blotted out , and total darkness fell on the city , [staying] until 1 p.m .

You mean you do n't approve of someone wanting to find out where his only remaining relative is ? ’
you mean you do n't approve of someone wanting to find out where his only [staying] relative is ? ’

Two final issues among the host remaining for consideration will be touched upon .
two final issues among the host [staying] for consideration will be touched upon .

Though it may be the last right remaining for the terminally ill or the aged , it is remarkably easy to undermine it .
though it may be the last right [staying] for the terminally ill or the aged , it is remarkably easy to undermine it .

But of the remaining remote and unspoilt places left on earth many can only be reached on foot , or with the help of pack animals .
but of the [staying] remote and unspoilt places left on earth many can only be reached on foot , or with the help of pack animals .

So your position is dependent on the rest of us remaining cooled in ?
so your position is dependent on the rest of us [staying] cooled in ?

The Islamic calendar is one of the few remaining purely lunar calendars , the year being just over ten days shorter than the tropical year , or year of the seasons .
the islamic calendar is one of the few [staying] purely lunar calendars , the year being just over ten days shorter than the tropical year , or year of the seasons .

Piecing together a catalogue of recurring laments neither answers nor dismisses the still pertinent question : are things really getting worse , getting better , or remaining the same ?
piecing together a catalogue of recurring laments neither answers nor dismisses the still pertinent question : are things really getting worse , getting better , or [staying] the same ?

With a solid , straight-batted technique and a calm , unruffled temperament , Hudson proceeded to bat them into a commanding position on the second day , remaining through the 90 overs to finish on 135 .
with a solid , straight-batted technique and a calm , unruffled temperament , hudson proceeded to bat them into a commanding position on the second day , [staying] through the 90 overs to finish on 135 .

Booked by the hour , the previous occupants were sitting by the table watching their six-year-old child poke a cue at the remaining balls .
booked by the hour , the previous occupants were sitting by the table watching their six-year-old child poke a cue at the [staying] balls .

The largest and best preserved of the four remaining round churches in England , dating from 1100 .
the largest and best preserved of the four [staying] round churches in england , dating from 1100 .

Now , remaining supplies of fossil fuels should be saved , not squandered .
now , [staying] supplies of fossil fuels should be saved , not squandered .

Out of the remaining 200 packed into the second crate only 76 survived .
out of the [staying] 200 packed into the second crate only 76 survived .

The remaining 78 per cent was poached and laundered into the system .
the [staying] 78 per cent was poached and laundered into the system .

The remaining 66 are toothed whales and are also termed small cetaceans ( except the sperm whale , which although it has teeth is classified as a great whale ) .
the [staying] 66 are toothed whales and are also termed small cetaceans ( except the sperm whale , which although it has teeth is classified as a great whale ) .

The National Parks need backing , so do the greenbelts and the remaining countryside .
the national parks need backing , so do the greenbelts and the [staying] countryside .

As matters stand , some 27.4 per cent of my sexuality is of the Grecian or musical persuasion ; 71.6 prefers a quiet evening in with nothing more erotic than a gardening magazine and a steaming mug of Mr Horlicks 's malted beverage , whilst the remaining one per cent has become attached to one of Miss Esther Rantzen 's saucy root vegetables .
as matters stand , some 27.4 per cent of my sexuality is of the grecian or musical persuasion ; 71.6 prefers a quiet evening in with nothing more erotic than a gardening magazine and a steaming mug of mr horlicks 's malted beverage , whilst the [staying] one per cent has become attached to one of miss esther rantzen 's saucy root vegetables .

Garnish with watercress and sprinkle remaining chives over tomatoes .
garnish with watercress and sprinkle [staying] chives over tomatoes .

Keep any remaining sauce ready for basting .
keep any [staying] sauce ready for basting .

In the extremest form of love of the mirror image , a person does not form a close heterosexual attachment at all , remaining more comfortable and much safer in the love of a member of the same sex .
in the extremest form of love of the mirror image , a person does not form a close heterosexual attachment at all , [staying] more comfortable and much safer in the love of a member of the same sex .

Wives , becoming less absorbed as babies become more clearly their own persons , but often remaining tied , tired or bored by the demands of toddlers , perhaps feeling lonely and lacking enough external stimulus , may similarly find themselves resenting and envying what they see as their husbands ' ‘ freedom ’ of action .
wives , becoming less absorbed as babies become more clearly their own persons , but often [staying] tied , tired or bored by the demands of toddlers , perhaps feeling lonely and lacking enough external stimulus , may similarly find themselves resenting and envying what they see as their husbands ' ‘ freedom ’ of action .

Masochism is the other side of the coin , the victim 's pleasure in the pain and humiliation heaped upon him often remaining unconscious .
masochism is the other side of the coin , the victim 's pleasure in the pain and humiliation heaped upon him often [staying] unconscious .

But the red bitch chose that same day to pick up the remaining puppy in her teeth and carry it by the scruff of the neck up the ladder and into the house .
but the red bitch chose that same day to pick up the [staying] puppy in her teeth and carry it by the scruff of the neck up the ladder and into the house .

Positive imbalances can be seen for Allegheny West , Central North Side and Manchester in favour of investment and negatively for the remaining neighbourhoods .
positive imbalances can be seen for allegheny west , central north side and manchester in favour of investment and negatively for the [staying] neighbourhoods .

James would probably have been content to live quietly for a time but both Mary and Louis were insistent on immediate action and his chief remaining ally in the British Isles , Richard Talbot , Earl of Tyrconnel , Lord Deputy and Commander-in-Chief in Ireland , wrote urging him not to settle into comfortable inactivity in France when Ireland offered a kingdom of his own ‘ plentiful in all things for human life ’ .
james would probably have been content to live quietly for a time but both mary and louis were insistent on immediate action and his chief [staying] ally in the british isles , richard talbot , earl of tyrconnel , lord deputy and commander-in-chief in ireland , wrote urging him not to settle into comfortable inactivity in france when ireland offered a kingdom of his own ‘ plentiful in all things for human life ’ .

Three of de Forbin 's remaining ships made a brief appearance in the Moray Firth , about 45 miles [ 72 km ] east of Inverness , where they landed a foraging party , but with these exceptions not a Frenchman set foot on what , since 1707 , could properly be called British soil .
three of de forbin 's [staying] ships made a brief appearance in the moray firth , about 45 miles [ 72 km ] east of inverness , where they landed a foraging party , but with these exceptions not a frenchman set foot on what , since 1707 , could properly be called british soil .

Soon after the ceremony more men came in , and the remaining arms were distributed , each ‘ stand ’ consisting of a musket , bayonet and brass-hilted infantryman 's sword , though some of the Highlanders preferred their own basket-hilted broadswords .
soon after the ceremony more men came in , and the [staying] arms were distributed , each ‘ stand ’ consisting of a musket , bayonet and brass-hilted infantryman 's sword , though some of the highlanders preferred their own basket-hilted broadswords .

The Jacobites now threatened to bombard Carlisle if the castle did not surrender , causing the remaining militia , on 15 November , to desert , leaving Durand with only the ‘ invalids ’ to form the garrison , while the civil authorities , horrified at the threat to the town , seem to have encouraged him to capitulate .
the jacobites now threatened to bombard carlisle if the castle did not surrender , causing the [staying] militia , on 15 november , to desert , leaving durand with only the ‘ invalids ’ to form the garrison , while the civil authorities , horrified at the threat to the town , seem to have encouraged him to capitulate .

Hawke himself and his remaining ships were a little further out , in a sea area 15 leagues [ 45 miles or 72 km ] off Ushant , ready to hasten to wherever they were needed .
hawke himself and his [staying] ships were a little further out , in a sea area 15 leagues [ 45 miles or 72 km ] off ushant , ready to hasten to wherever they were needed .

The reaction was to try to speed up the reallocation of those remaining at Barham House ( a process which was unintentionally assisted by the activation of the internment laws ) , to provide the best possible reason for closing the place down .
the reaction was to try to speed up the reallocation of those [staying] at barham house ( a process which was unintentionally assisted by the activation of the internment laws ) , to provide the best possible reason for closing the place down .

This theory sees the unemployed person as continuing the job search ( that is , remaining unemployed ) so long as wage offers are less than a certain ‘ reservation wage ’ .
this theory sees the unemployed person as continuing the job search ( that is , [staying] unemployed ) so long as wage offers are less than a certain ‘ reservation wage ’ .

Although this video naturally concentrates on the only supersonic passenger aircraft remaining in commercial service , it also contains some excellent and rarely-seen footage of the development of its Soviet competitor , the Tu–144 ‘ Concordski ’ .
although this video naturally concentrates on the only supersonic passenger aircraft [staying] in commercial service , it also contains some excellent and rarely-seen footage of the development of its soviet competitor , the tu–144 ‘ concordski ’ .

Months eventually elapsed before a breezy day saw me with a number of Tony 's loyal friends on the slipway at Calshot , washing down his sturdy bird in the shadow of the sole remaining airworthy Sunderland .
months eventually elapsed before a breezy day saw me with a number of tony 's loyal friends on the slipway at calshot , washing down his sturdy bird in the shadow of the sole [staying] airworthy sunderland .

Cut the power and pull back the yoke fully , whereupon the Aircoupe will slow down to 50 mph and , because you ca n't stall it , will nod and mush downwards , the full-span ailerons remaining effective throughout .
cut the power and pull back the yoke fully , whereupon the aircoupe will slow down to 50 mph and , because you ca n't stall it , will nod and mush downwards , the full-span ailerons [staying] effective throughout .

Ian ( 4.11 ) filled in evenly in rows from the top , using all yellow pegs for the first two rows then haphazardly using the remaining colours for the rest of the rows .
ian ( 4.11 ) filled in evenly in rows from the top , using all yellow pegs for the first two rows then haphazardly using the [staying] colours for the rest of the rows .

Of the remaining 21 , seven said they spent under half their time on training , and 14 said they spent between half and three-quarters of their time .
of the [staying] 21 , seven said they spent under half their time on training , and 14 said they spent between half and three-quarters of their time .

The peasantry and the labourers had no voice at all , and only the few remaining Polish gentry had any representation in the upper house of the electoral college .
the peasantry and the labourers had no voice at all , and only the few [staying] polish gentry had any representation in the upper house of the electoral college .

The remaining one-third of Pomeranian farmers had rather larger self-supporting farms and enjoyed a reasonable degree of comfort .
the [staying] one-third of pomeranian farmers had rather larger self-supporting farms and enjoyed a reasonable degree of comfort .

Not only had the Poles removed the bulk of their trade , but even the remaining Polish trade went to the Polish shipping firms who still operated out of Danzig , rather than to German concerns .
not only had the poles removed the bulk of their trade , but even the [staying] polish trade went to the polish shipping firms who still operated out of danzig , rather than to german concerns .

Even so , by 1937 40.1 per cent of all remaining capital in joint-stock ventures was foreign-owned .
even so , by 1937 40.1 per cent of all [staying] capital in joint-stock ventures was foreign-owned .

The leaves and small fragments of the sugar beet or swede are of obvious value until such time as the field is deep-ploughed and the remaining food buried beyond retrieval .
the leaves and small fragments of the sugar beet or swede are of obvious value until such time as the field is deep-ploughed and the [staying] food buried beyond retrieval .

The remaining two ends are now taken around each side of the mouth and are knotted on top of the ferret 's head between eyes and nose .
the [staying] two ends are now taken around each side of the mouth and are knotted on top of the ferret 's head between eyes and nose .

Cut off the remaining loose ends .
cut off the [staying] loose ends .

Whether such a ferret fatality can be attributed to it remaining unmated is highly debatable .
whether such a ferret fatality can be attributed to it [staying] unmated is highly debatable .

In the same circumstances the shooting man would move on to the next burrow with his remaining ferrets while keeping one eye open to watch for the emergence to the surface of any of the muzzled ferrets he had left behind .
in the same circumstances the shooting man would move on to the next burrow with his [staying] ferrets while keeping one eye open to watch for the emergence to the surface of any of the muzzled ferrets he had left behind .

The aim , therefore , after the bolting process has been completed , is to locate the rabbits remaining within the system wherever they may be .
the aim , therefore , after the bolting process has been completed , is to locate the rabbits [staying] within the system wherever they may be .

We know that some at least will be cornered in dead-ends by ferrets , but not all the rabbits remaining underground will have been trapped in this way .
we know that some at least will be cornered in dead-ends by ferrets , but not all the rabbits [staying] underground will have been trapped in this way .

We are at the stage where we need to know exactly where the remaining rabbits are , so that we can dig down to secure them .
we are at the stage where we need to know exactly where the [staying] rabbits are , so that we can dig down to secure them .

Your main safeguard is to ensure that the remaining rabbits can not escape back into the burrow system .
your main safeguard is to ensure that the [staying] rabbits can not escape back into the burrow system .

Leave them open so that the remaining rabbits are able to escape , hopefully into other burrows or another section of the system where they will provide sport for another day .
leave them open so that the [staying] rabbits are able to escape , hopefully into other burrows or another section of the system where they will provide sport for another day .

Curiously , their tenancy is shared with rabbits remaining in other sections of the system .
curiously , their tenancy is shared with rabbits [staying] in other sections of the system .

On the other hand , if no digging out and filling in is done first time , the remaining rabbits retain a free run of the entire system and are much more difficult to corner .
on the other hand , if no digging out and filling in is done first time , the [staying] rabbits retain a free run of the entire system and are much more difficult to corner .

Louis , who was the one most able , physically , to intervene and demand that commonsense prevail , merely took the line of least resistance by remaining shtum ( quiet ) .
louis , who was the one most able , physically , to intervene and demand that commonsense prevail , merely took the line of least resistance by [staying] shtum ( quiet ) .

Now and again there were diversions , when one or another of the remaining five would hold the stage and would have a few moments of limelight , or glory .
now and again there were diversions , when one or another of the [staying] five would hold the stage and would have a few moments of limelight , or glory .

This table also shows , as one would expect , that the proportion of clients remaining at home declined between six months and one year ( except in the case of the Ipswich control sample , where numbers were very small ) ; that residential accommodation is the more widely used form of institutional care ; and that although there is some difference between Ipswich and Newham , the general picture is much the same in the two locations .
this table also shows , as one would expect , that the proportion of clients [staying] at home declined between six months and one year ( except in the case of the ipswich control sample , where numbers were very small ) ; that residential accommodation is the more widely used form of institutional care ; and that although there is some difference between ipswich and newham , the general picture is much the same in the two locations .

Of these 123 , a full interview was obtained with l04 principal carers at the time of the patient 's referral to the project ( six carers refused to be interviewed , and it was not possible to interview a further nine for reasons such as the carer 's ill health or death or because the patient and carer soon moved out of the area ; for the remaining four some information was obtained by telephone ) .
of these 123 , a full interview was obtained with l04 principal carers at the time of the patient 's referral to the project ( six carers refused to be interviewed , and it was not possible to interview a further nine for reasons such as the carer 's ill health or death or because the patient and carer soon moved out of the area ; for the [staying] four some information was obtained by telephone ) .

By 1800 the new Shorthorn was Britain 's tallest breed , the bulls standing 152cm at the withers ; the famous Durham Ox was 165cm tall and weighed 3,024 pounds as a five-year-old in 1801 when it was exhibited all over the country , remaining a star travelling showpiece until it dislocated its hip in 1807 .
by 1800 the new shorthorn was britain 's tallest breed , the bulls standing 152cm at the withers ; the famous durham ox was 165cm tall and weighed 3,024 pounds as a five-year-old in 1801 when it was exhibited all over the country , [staying] a star travelling showpiece until it dislocated its hip in 1807 .

Its herdbook was formed in 1892 and there was a breed society from 1920 to 1938 but it was reconstructed from a few remaining individuals , with the result that there was considerable inbreeding and a particularly popular bull , widely used for his whiteness , was later found to have spread a serious genetic defect ( hypoplasia ) correlated to the degree of whiteness .
its herdbook was formed in 1892 and there was a breed society from 1920 to 1938 but it was reconstructed from a few [staying] individuals , with the result that there was considerable inbreeding and a particularly popular bull , widely used for his whiteness , was later found to have spread a serious genetic defect ( hypoplasia ) correlated to the degree of whiteness .

They were almost certainly endowed with highly developed sensory and intuitive powers seen only in the few remaining native tribes alive today .
they were almost certainly endowed with highly developed sensory and intuitive powers seen only in the few [staying] native tribes alive today .

There are , however , traces still remaining of administrative functions , e.g .
there are , however , traces still [staying] of administrative functions , e.g .

The controls now remaining may be summarised as follows : —
the controls now [staying] may be summarised as follows : —

Despite these disadvantages , many older people have been able to maintain their social status by remaining active , alert and healthy .
despite these disadvantages , many older people have been able to maintain their social status by [staying] active , alert and healthy .

This is especially so when a diagnosis of dementia blinds works to remaining skills .
this is especially so when a diagnosis of dementia blinds works to [staying] skills .

She let out her pent-up breath in a loud gasp of relief ; then she bent over the handlebars and sent the bike whizzing as fast as she could pedal it across the remaining hundred yards or so of field .
she let out her pent-up breath in a loud gasp of relief ; then she bent over the handlebars and sent the bike whizzing as fast as she could pedal it across the [staying] hundred yards or so of field .

His plight was clearly desperate ; the slightest motion could hurtle him down the remaining few yards of slope and over the lip into the quarry .
his plight was clearly desperate ; the slightest motion could hurtle him down the [staying] few yards of slope and over the lip into the quarry .

Not many people succeed in remaining with hounds in a fast run .
not many people succeed in [staying] with hounds in a fast run .

The remaining six properties will be houses , three of which will be shared ownership and three will be rented .
the [staying] six properties will be houses , three of which will be shared ownership and three will be rented .

Merrow 's equaliser came with three minutes remaining , ensuring a replay at Guildford this Saturday .
merrow 's equaliser came with three minutes [staying] , ensuring a replay at guildford this saturday .

In March 1916 the Midland League programme was completed , and to fill the remaining weeks of what used to be the normal season a subsidiary tournament involving six clubs was organized , with Leeds City in the Northern Group of the Midland League .
in march 1916 the midland league programme was completed , and to fill the [staying] weeks of what used to be the normal season a subsidiary tournament involving six clubs was organized , with leeds city in the northern group of the midland league .

So the side was constantly reshuffled , no player remaining in any position long enough to find his form .
so the side was constantly reshuffled , no player [staying] in any position long enough to find his form .

Young people move to the cities to seek work so the remaining population is increasingly elderly with family networks weakened .
young people move to the cities to seek work so the [staying] population is increasingly elderly with family networks weakened .

Problems of collective management are such that there are now only four such CABx remaining , all in the London area .
problems of collective management are such that there are now only four such cabx [staying] , all in the london area .

This destruction was halted by the new Manager , Joe Franklin , and the remaining Standards gained a temporary reprieve , proving useful as Promenade extras and for Illumination Tours .
this destruction was halted by the new manager , joe franklin , and the [staying] standards gained a temporary reprieve , proving useful as promenade extras and for illumination tours .

The creation of thirteen one-man cars from the remaining railcoaches between 1971–1977 was possibly the most radical and far-reaching step taken in post-war years .
the creation of thirteen one-man cars from the [staying] railcoaches between 1971–1977 was possibly the most radical and far-reaching step taken in post-war years .

Tenders were sought for a prototype body , 50 feet long and 8 feet wide , clearances for which were tested with the remaining Coronations .
tenders were sought for a prototype body , 50 feet long and 8 feet wide , clearances for which were tested with the [staying] coronations .

This was constructed on the base of the last remaining toastrack 163 , which had been stored in Fleetwood Depot .
this was constructed on the base of the last [staying] toastrack 163 , which had been stored in fleetwood depot .

The depot now houses all the remaining trams .
the depot now houses all the [staying] trams .

The first women inspectors were appointed in April 1942 , but were withdrawn shortly afterwards following objections from the remaining men .
the first women inspectors were appointed in april 1942 , but were withdrawn shortly afterwards following objections from the [staying] men .

There is also a waterwheel in working order , and a stationary steam engine , as well as examples of local public transport which include the only remaining Bradford tram .
there is also a waterwheel in working order , and a stationary steam engine , as well as examples of local public transport which include the only [staying] bradford tram .

Europe 's oldest remaining glass cone , dating from the mid-eighteenth century , stands here where William Fenney started his own glass works in 1740 after experience as a works manager on the other side of Sheffield .
europe 's oldest [staying] glass cone , dating from the mid-eighteenth century , stands here where william fenney started his own glass works in 1740 after experience as a works manager on the other side of sheffield .

The only remaining shot tower in the country now is at Chester , among the buildings of Associated Lead at Boughton , east of the city centre .
the only [staying] shot tower in the country now is at chester , among the buildings of associated lead at boughton , east of the city centre .

These timber works have all been replaced now , but north-west of Devoran , close to the modern viaduct across the river , are the remaining piers of a timber viaduct Brunel built to carry the Truro-Falmouth branch line of the Great Western Railway .
these timber works have all been replaced now , but north-west of devoran , close to the modern viaduct across the river , are the [staying] piers of a timber viaduct brunel built to carry the truro-falmouth branch line of the great western railway .

What is the point of only taking what you need and looking after your resources for the future , if they are simply going to be swiped by somebody else ? Why not join in while the going is good and take the remaining few animals or trees whatever the cost , because you will never reinherit your traditional grounds .
what is the point of only taking what you need and looking after your resources for the future , if they are simply going to be swiped by somebody else ? why not join in while the going is good and take the [staying] few animals or trees whatever the cost , because you will never reinherit your traditional grounds .

We would need to do this anyway because one ought to have one 's ideas in some kind of order , even if the rough convergence that we have did not leave plenty of clashes remaining which , of course , it does .
we would need to do this anyway because one ought to have one 's ideas in some kind of order , even if the rough convergence that we have did not leave plenty of clashes [staying] which , of course , it does .

Depending upon the kind of problem that has arisen , it may be easier and safer for you to sue for damages for breach of your contract while remaining in your job .
depending upon the kind of problem that has arisen , it may be easier and safer for you to sue for damages for breach of your contract while [staying] in your job .

Any part of the prescribed element remaining should then be paid by you .
any part of the prescribed element [staying] should then be paid by you .

Coleridge and Southey optimistically calculated that two or three hours daily labour would be all that was required , and that the remaining time could be given up to ‘ study , liberal discussions , and the education of their children ’ .
coleridge and southey optimistically calculated that two or three hours daily labour would be all that was required , and that the [staying] time could be given up to ‘ study , liberal discussions , and the education of their children ’ .

Some uranium , lead and fission products were lost some 722 ± 30 million years ago — Nagy et al calculated the date from the remaining U/Pb isotopes .
some uranium , lead and fission products were lost some 722 ± 30 million years ago — nagy et al calculated the date from the [staying] u/pb isotopes .

Of the company 's remaining operations : clinical laboratories saw the greatest profit and sales rises , at 26 per cent and 13 per cent respectively .
of the company 's [staying] operations : clinical laboratories saw the greatest profit and sales rises , at 26 per cent and 13 per cent respectively .

Dow has bought the remaining minority interests in Donichem , its joint venture with the Hungarian Nitrokemia and Chemolimpex .
dow has bought the [staying] minority interests in donichem , its joint venture with the hungarian nitrokemia and chemolimpex .

paper that azides are an explosion hazard , the reduction step is not detailed quantitatively — passed for 18 hours , no flow rate suggested — and no suggestion made that the reaction should be checked for remaining azide before isolation of the amine .
paper that azides are an explosion hazard , the reduction step is not detailed quantitatively — passed for 18 hours , no flow rate suggested — and no suggestion made that the reaction should be checked for [staying] azide before isolation of the amine .

It is expected that the institute of origin or the host institution will contribute to defray any remaining expenses incurred by the fellowship holder .
it is expected that the institute of origin or the host institution will contribute to defray any [staying] expenses incurred by the fellowship holder .

These pseudopods fragment in the blood flow with the nucleus remaining in the bone marrow .
these pseudopods fragment in the blood flow with the nucleus [staying] in the bone marrow .

Many of these individuals will lose their remaining endogenous insulin secretion as β-cell destruction progresses , becoming wholly dependent on exogenous insulin with the associated problems of more difficult glycaemic control .
many of these individuals will lose their [staying] endogenous insulin secretion as β-cell destruction progresses , becoming wholly dependent on exogenous insulin with the associated problems of more difficult glycaemic control .

( 1980 ) , however , argued that when the maximum depth of burial ( estimated at 12 km ) and age are taken into account , the sediments underlying the Piedmont , though not as altered as the surface rocks , are likely to have been raised to the greenschist phase of metamorphism and so presumably have little remaining hydrocarbon potential .
( 1980 ) , however , argued that when the maximum depth of burial ( estimated at 12 km ) and age are taken into account , the sediments underlying the piedmont , though not as altered as the surface rocks , are likely to have been raised to the greenschist phase of metamorphism and so presumably have little [staying] hydrocarbon potential .

In this study an alternative approach was followed whereby the remaining gas-generating potential is assessed for a series of coal samples of increasing natural maturity .
in this study an alternative approach was followed whereby the [staying] gas-generating potential is assessed for a series of coal samples of increasing natural maturity .

The samples are heated under experimental conditions such that the ‘ live ’ organic matter remaining in the coal is completely converted into gaseous products .
the samples are heated under experimental conditions such that the ‘ live ’ organic matter [staying] in the coal is completely converted into gaseous products .

Any remaining intergranular porosity that escaped vadose compaction appears to have been occluded by early cementation ( Fig .
any [staying] intergranular porosity that escaped vadose compaction appears to have been occluded by early cementation ( fig .

With the solution ( 10.31 ) , the remaining equations ( 10.23 ) may be integrated to give . ( 10.32 )
with the solution ( 10.31 ) , the [staying] equations ( 10.23 ) may be integrated to give . ( 10.32 )

First it may be recalled that , of the vacuum field equations ( 6.22a-f ) considered in previous chapters , ( 6.22a ) may immediately be integrated to give , ( 11.1 ) and ( 6.22d , e ) are integrability conditions for the remaining equations .
first it may be recalled that , of the vacuum field equations ( 6.22a-f ) considered in previous chapters , ( 6.22a ) may immediately be integrated to give , ( 11.1 ) and ( 6.22d , e ) are integrability conditions for the [staying] equations .

Putting ( 12.27 ) the remaining components of must then satisfy the equations .
putting ( 12.27 ) the [staying] components of must then satisfy the equations .

The elimination of remaining representative elements should remove any doubt about accountability to RHAs and their status as agents of government .
the elimination of [staying] representative elements should remove any doubt about accountability to rhas and their status as agents of government .

The remaining evidence is all later than this , ranging from late classical law ( Ulpian ) to the fourth century , the early post-classical period of the Epitome of Ulpian and the sententiae of Paul .
the [staying] evidence is all later than this , ranging from late classical law ( ulpian ) to the fourth century , the early post-classical period of the epitome of ulpian and the sententiae of paul .

The remaining instances of confusion can be discussed briefly .
the [staying] instances of confusion can be discussed briefly .

The remaining populace , disillusioned with their rulers and protectors , accordingly greeted the French emperor and his men with less hostility than might have been expected .
the [staying] populace , disillusioned with their rulers and protectors , accordingly greeted the french emperor and his men with less hostility than might have been expected .

Lefevre finished his bowl of soup in uncouth but effective manner , gripping it in both hands and pouring the remaining contents down his throat at a gulp .
lefevre finished his bowl of soup in uncouth but effective manner , gripping it in both hands and pouring the [staying] contents down his throat at a gulp .

There was little traffic , so that Lefevre 's main problem seemed likely to be that of remaining inconspicuous .
there was little traffic , so that lefevre 's main problem seemed likely to be that of [staying] inconspicuous .

Since everyone else was doing the same , there was no point in chivalrously remaining behind to be captured .
since everyone else was doing the same , there was no point in chivalrously [staying] behind to be captured .

One example of this work is the taped interviews carried out for the Imperial War Museum in London of the remaining survivors of the 1914–18 war .
one example of this work is the taped interviews carried out for the imperial war museum in london of the [staying] survivors of the 1914–18 war .

If someone at work is not pulling their weight , we must be straightforward and talk to them without anger , remaining tolerant even if they are cynical .
if someone at work is not pulling their weight , we must be straightforward and talk to them without anger , [staying] tolerant even if they are cynical .

Survival , remaining relatively human , required that officers find some relief through scrounges .
survival , [staying] relatively human , required that officers find some relief through scrounges .

Delete the second paragraph and leave one line space between the remaining paragraphs
delete the second paragraph and leave one line space between the [staying] paragraphs

They had worked out a rota to stand guard on their remaining property , and also to protect their terrified daughters .
they had worked out a rota to stand guard on their [staying] property , and also to protect their terrified daughters .

The remaining 56 are the Minor Arcana , and are similar to ordinary playing cards .
the [staying] 56 are the minor arcana , and are similar to ordinary playing cards .

’ This we did and carried the remaining one between us — sort of a boy at each corner , that is if a horseshoe shape has corners .
’ this we did and carried the [staying] one between us — sort of a boy at each corner , that is if a horseshoe shape has corners .

The remaining percentage is the retailer 's profit . How much profit does he make ?
the [staying] percentage is the retailer 's profit . how much profit does he make ?

The bones remaining within the intact pellets were found to be protected from weathering and after two years the pellets were taken apart by hand and the bones from them exposed again .
the bones [staying] within the intact pellets were found to be protected from weathering and after two years the pellets were taken apart by hand and the bones from them exposed again .

1.8 Cranial elements remaining after tumbling experiment .
1.8 cranial elements [staying] after tumbling experiment .

1.9 Postcranial elements remaining after tumbling experiment .
1.9 postcranial elements [staying] after tumbling experiment .

3.1 ) , with the within-species variation remaining small in comparison .
3.1 ) , with the within-species variation [staying] small in comparison .

In all the remaining predator assemblages the prey bones are generally less than half complete .
in all the [staying] predator assemblages the prey bones are generally less than half complete .

‘ The remaining extent of the Works area along the northern portion is mainly given over to timber stores and small departments .
‘ the [staying] extent of the works area along the northern portion is mainly given over to timber stores and small departments .

The cots were disposed to form a long seat along one side of the coach , the remaining floor space being clear .
the cots were disposed to form a long seat along one side of the coach , the [staying] floor space being clear .

Of the remaining six vehicles , four will be converted from surplus Inter-City catering vehicles and used to provide the principal dining saloon and accommodation for the Royal Household and other staff .
of the [staying] six vehicles , four will be converted from surplus inter-city catering vehicles and used to provide the principal dining saloon and accommodation for the royal household and other staff .

’ The Board made it clear that ‘ if a School Board is resolved upon , the arrangement by which the Company now pay rates upon their cottage property will be terminated , and that the rates will have to be paid by the tenants themselves : On the other hand , if the Board is not decided upon , the Company will combine with the remaining £4,000 of assessment in the Parish with a view of providing a small Infant School at Old Bradwell .
’ the board made it clear that ‘ if a school board is resolved upon , the arrangement by which the company now pay rates upon their cottage property will be terminated , and that the rates will have to be paid by the tenants themselves : on the other hand , if the board is not decided upon , the company will combine with the [staying] £4,000 of assessment in the parish with a view of providing a small infant school at old bradwell .

The 25 November fire in the Body Shop started at about 2.40 am , and the whole of the shop and its contents , including the workmen 's benches and tools , were entirely destroyed , only portions of the walls , columns and ironwork remaining .
the 25 november fire in the body shop started at about 2.40 am , and the whole of the shop and its contents , including the workmen 's benches and tools , were entirely destroyed , only portions of the walls , columns and ironwork [staying] .

He made his Palace debut at Clapton Orient ( 0–1 ) on 26 February and made 13 appearances for us in all the remaining matches of the season .
he made his palace debut at clapton orient ( 0–1 ) on 26 february and made 13 appearances for us in all the [staying] matches of the season .

He scored on his debut , against Plymouth up at The Palace on 15 October when we romped to a 6–1 win , and went on to play in every remaining match that season .
he scored on his debut , against plymouth up at the palace on 15 october when we romped to a 6–1 win , and went on to play in every [staying] match that season .

He missed just one of the remaining matches in that testing 1971–72 season and contributed three mighty useful goals from the penalty spot .
he missed just one of the [staying] matches in that testing 1971–72 season and contributed three mighty useful goals from the penalty spot .

Steve missed just one of our remaining games and his influence was an important feature of Palace 's 2nd Division Championship .
steve missed just one of our [staying] games and his influence was an important feature of palace 's 2nd division championship .

Johnny was immediately made captain , a position he held for nearly five years , and scored on his debut , but even Johnny 's seven goals from the 12 remaining games could not keep us out of the new basement division .
johnny was immediately made captain , a position he held for nearly five years , and scored on his debut , but even johnny 's seven goals from the 12 [staying] games could not keep us out of the new basement division .

John had made a few 1st Division appearances with Charlton , but undoubtedly the climax of his career came when he captained Palace to promotion to that premier division of world soccer at the end of 1968–69 — and then maintained his high level of performance by helping to keep the Palace in the top flight for the two remaining seasons in which he stayed with the club .
john had made a few 1st division appearances with charlton , but undoubtedly the climax of his career came when he captained palace to promotion to that premier division of world soccer at the end of 1968–69 — and then maintained his high level of performance by helping to keep the palace in the top flight for the two [staying] seasons in which he stayed with the club .

He simply went on from there : he topped our list of goalscorers for the remaining four pre-war seasons , and again in 1919–20 and during that period his record was the equal of any in the game .
he simply went on from there : he topped our list of goalscorers for the [staying] four pre-war seasons , and again in 1919–20 and during that period his record was the equal of any in the game .

Restoration of remaining retort houses , laboratory , governor room , meter house , washers and oxide shed .
restoration of [staying] retort houses , laboratory , governor room , meter house , washers and oxide shed .

On the wall at the end of the Long Room hangs one of the few remaining copies of the Proclamation of the Irish Republic , which was read aloud at the General Post Office on Easter Monday 1916 .
on the wall at the end of the long room hangs one of the few [staying] copies of the proclamation of the irish republic , which was read aloud at the general post office on easter monday 1916 .

Season with pepper and salt , spoon onto chicken and top with remaining slices of bread .
season with pepper and salt , spoon onto chicken and top with [staying] slices of bread .

How the National Curriculum looks now — remaining reservations and constraints
how the national curriculum looks now — [staying] reservations and constraints

Great Britain was almost the only remaining State which had not extended its protection to this important art .
great britain was almost the only [staying] state which had not extended its protection to this important art .

Unfortunately , its formation can cause problems , the solids sometimes remaining unpumpable on the bottom of the tank .
unfortunately , its formation can cause problems , the solids sometimes [staying] unpumpable on the bottom of the tank .

Where this method is used care must be taken to avoid leakages and to keep to a minimum the concentration of residual ozone remaining at the end of the reaction , as it is quite toxic with a Threshold Limit Value of 0.1 ppm .
where this method is used care must be taken to avoid leakages and to keep to a minimum the concentration of residual ozone [staying] at the end of the reaction , as it is quite toxic with a threshold limit value of 0.1 ppm .

Although radical politics of this kind remain in the minority , for both left and right , their development means that councils can experience large changes in their policies whilst remaining under the control of the same party - so increasing political variation at the local level .
although radical politics of this kind remain in the minority , for both left and right , their development means that councils can experience large changes in their policies whilst [staying] under the control of the same party - so increasing political variation at the local level .

Scatter the remaining grated cheese over the top .
scatter the [staying] grated cheese over the top .

When tested on the data from a further 9 boards , repaired since the initial data was collected , the resulting expert system correctly identified the faulty component on two thirds of the occasions and indicated the correct area on the remaining one third .
when tested on the data from a further 9 boards , repaired since the initial data was collected , the resulting expert system correctly identified the faulty component on two thirds of the occasions and indicated the correct area on the [staying] one third .

The remaining initiatives were the result of other people coming to me with suggestions .
the [staying] initiatives were the result of other people coming to me with suggestions .

The flares were hanging low , only some twenty seconds of light remaining .
the flares were hanging low , only some twenty seconds of light [staying] .

Together they scaled the remaining rope , rolling over the railing and falling flat on to the deck with practised ease , short stubby muzzles of the Uzis weaving and probing the long narrow passage .
together they scaled the [staying] rope , rolling over the railing and falling flat on to the deck with practised ease , short stubby muzzles of the uzis weaving and probing the long narrow passage .

Cautiously he mounted the remaining stairs , recognised the figure for what it was and stepped over it to the wheelhouse .
cautiously he mounted the [staying] stairs , recognised the figure for what it was and stepped over it to the wheelhouse .

Virus F/x-01–74482 , soon referred to as , simply , the Mahon virus was , as far as she could understand , a unique example of something that up till now had only been postulated : that deep in the ocean , under the terrific pressure and in temperatures approaching absolute zero , there had remained chains of biochemicals , primitive viruses that had been part of the great ‘ organic soup ’ at the creation of life , remaining unchanged as the rest of the primordial swamp had undergone the long evolutionary journey to form all the complexities of life on earth .
virus f/x-01–74482 , soon referred to as , simply , the mahon virus was , as far as she could understand , a unique example of something that up till now had only been postulated : that deep in the ocean , under the terrific pressure and in temperatures approaching absolute zero , there had remained chains of biochemicals , primitive viruses that had been part of the great ‘ organic soup ’ at the creation of life , [staying] unchanged as the rest of the primordial swamp had undergone the long evolutionary journey to form all the complexities of life on earth .

Far to one side , Nicholas now saw the remaining sapper , also frozen , his eyes on the gallery .
far to one side , nicholas now saw the [staying] sapper , also frozen , his eyes on the gallery .

The only remaining galleried inn in London , built 1677 .
the only [staying] galleried inn in london , built 1677 .

The remaining twenty-seven were obliged to be withdrawn in consequence of action brought or disputed ownership .
the [staying] twenty-seven were obliged to be withdrawn in consequence of action brought or disputed ownership .

When a borrower was systematically unable to meet commitments by the required date he became insolvent , the final stage when all his remaining assets were repossessed .
when a borrower was systematically unable to meet commitments by the required date he became insolvent , the final stage when all his [staying] assets were repossessed .

This time it had really disappeared and a party was despatched to procure a new length of pole while the remaining villagers continued the search .
this time it had really disappeared and a party was despatched to procure a new length of pole while the [staying] villagers continued the search .

As horse trading is the only remaining aspect of the fair , the next year or two may see either its demise or revival .
as horse trading is the only [staying] aspect of the fair , the next year or two may see either its demise or revival .

Cut the remaining bread to fit the sides of the basin .
cut the [staying] bread to fit the sides of the basin .

Spoon in the remaining fruit then top with the large bread circle .
spoon in the [staying] fruit then top with the large bread circle .

Turn out onto a serving plate and pour any remaining fruit juice over the pudding .
turn out onto a serving plate and pour any [staying] fruit juice over the pudding .

Pare fine strips of rind from the remaining lemons , and cut each lemon into slices .
pare fine strips of rind from the [staying] lemons , and cut each lemon into slices .

Thin the remaining Greek yoghurt with a little water and spoon into a piping bag fitted with a plain piping nozzle .
thin the [staying] greek yoghurt with a little water and spoon into a piping bag fitted with a plain piping nozzle .

One problem remaining is the economic one .
one problem [staying] is the economic one .

The two remaining types bind to the surface of the cube .
the two [staying] types bind to the surface of the cube .

The remaining members arc appointed by the Secretary of Slate for the Environment ( For the seven English parks ; for Wales , For the three Welsh parks ) .
the [staying] members arc appointed by the secretary of slate for the environment ( for the seven english parks ; for wales , for the three welsh parks ) .

The remaining half of managers reported a desire to introduce robots in the future .
the [staying] half of managers reported a desire to introduce robots in the future .

He described the region as one of the few remaining pristine areas of the world , which must be retained for long term investigation .
he described the region as one of the few [staying] pristine areas of the world , which must be retained for long term investigation .

’ It adds that 99–9 per cent of the radioactivity remaining in each submarine is ‘ an integral part of the corrosion-resistant alloy forming the plant components .
’ it adds that 99–9 per cent of the radioactivity [staying] in each submarine is ‘ an integral part of the corrosion-resistant alloy forming the plant components .

The higher the burn-up , the lower the proportion of plutonium 239 remaining .
the higher the burn-up , the lower the proportion of plutonium 239 [staying] .

The difference has spawned the nice turn of phrase ‘ security by accomplishment ’ , rather than by secrecy — which means keeping scientifically ahead of the Soviets by remaining free to move speedily , rather than by emulating their deadening security mania .
the difference has spawned the nice turn of phrase ‘ security by accomplishment ’ , rather than by secrecy — which means keeping scientifically ahead of the soviets by [staying] free to move speedily , rather than by emulating their deadening security mania .

The remaining portion of the departmental budget will be allocated according to the amount of outside research money the department manages to attract — a scheme reminiscent of one on trial by London University .
the [staying] portion of the departmental budget will be allocated according to the amount of outside research money the department manages to attract — a scheme reminiscent of one on trial by london university .

For instance , in a high-strength steel section in an engine , only those parts exposed to the greatest stresses would require sophisticated alloys containing a metal such as tantalum or vanadium , with the remaining components made of something less exotic .
for instance , in a high-strength steel section in an engine , only those parts exposed to the greatest stresses would require sophisticated alloys containing a metal such as tantalum or vanadium , with the [staying] components made of something less exotic .

This time the country would likely lose its last remaining wolves .
this time the country would likely lose its last [staying] wolves .

Most people follow the recommendation in the instructions and try to restore one face first , then follow with the adjacent layer and the remaining face .
most people follow the recommendation in the instructions and try to restore one face first , then follow with the adjacent layer and the [staying] face .

The woman had rubbed herself vigorously with the leaves , and presumably the man had been exposed to some of the plant 's irritant oil remaining on her body after washing .
the woman had rubbed herself vigorously with the leaves , and presumably the man had been exposed to some of the plant 's irritant oil [staying] on her body after washing .

About the text itself , Dr Halstead never seems to lose a light touch of enthusiasm , whilst remaining informative and indeed scholarly .
about the text itself , dr halstead never seems to lose a light touch of enthusiasm , whilst [staying] informative and indeed scholarly .

The remaining 4 min 44 s was allocated between a new , mid-air launched , Canadian lifeboat ; a Dr Jane Smith , researching into high-frequency squeals baby mice emit to summon their mums ; and a chin-controlled wheelchair developed at John ( sic ) Hopkins University .
the [staying] 4 min 44 s was allocated between a new , mid-air launched , canadian lifeboat ; a dr jane smith , researching into high-frequency squeals baby mice emit to summon their mums ; and a chin-controlled wheelchair developed at john ( sic ) hopkins university .

Amateur scientists are these days a rare breed , but Ian Ridpath has sought out a couple of the remaining specimens . Horace Dall and George Alcock are two lively old men who both still actively contribute to various areas of science The Universal explorer and spare-time inventor
amateur scientists are these days a rare breed , but ian ridpath has sought out a couple of the [staying] specimens . horace dall and george alcock are two lively old men who both still actively contribute to various areas of science the universal explorer and spare-time inventor

The topsoil overburden can be dealt with as a disposal problem of its own , and vegetation can be established quickly and cheaply on the remaining waste material , provided the pioneer plants are chosen carefully and establish an effective and stable nutrient cycle .
the topsoil overburden can be dealt with as a disposal problem of its own , and vegetation can be established quickly and cheaply on the [staying] waste material , provided the pioneer plants are chosen carefully and establish an effective and stable nutrient cycle .

The remaining six groups clustered approximately in chronological order .
the [staying] six groups clustered approximately in chronological order .

If that happens , it is in the industry 's interest to seek prompt solutions for its remaining problems .
if that happens , it is in the industry 's interest to seek prompt solutions for its [staying] problems .

Sixteen of its 20 chapters are based on papers presented at the workshop and the remaining four were specially invited .
sixteen of its 20 chapters are based on papers presented at the workshop and the [staying] four were specially invited .

Another 7 per cent is contracted with independent software house , and computer makers provide the remaining 6 per cent .
another 7 per cent is contracted with independent software house , and computer makers provide the [staying] 6 per cent .

The remaining third covered anything from thermal insulation and heating through to fire safety and maintenance problems .
the [staying] third covered anything from thermal insulation and heating through to fire safety and maintenance problems .

Of the four remaining , the three mountain routes cut straight across from the Mediterranean coast and tunnelled through the Judean Hills .
of the four [staying] , the three mountain routes cut straight across from the mediterranean coast and tunnelled through the judean hills .

Occasionally there may be overlapping litters , with older offspring remaining while new babies are being cared for .
occasionally there may be overlapping litters , with older offspring [staying] while new babies are being cared for .

Remaining in their own home with carer living in .
[staying] in their own home with carer living in .

Statistics show that three out of four carers are women — and most of the remaining twenty-five per cent who are men are caring for a wife rather than a parent .
statistics show that three out of four carers are women — and most of the [staying] twenty-five per cent who are men are caring for a wife rather than a parent .

It is important to encourage a remaining parent to make a new will .
it is important to encourage a [staying] parent to make a new will .

In rural areas the school frequently serves as a focal point for the local community — its removal can have a detrimental effect in that it may become increasingly difficult to attract new families to settle , the younger age groups tend to drift towards the neighbouring towns and the average age of the remaining inhabitants goes on rising .
in rural areas the school frequently serves as a focal point for the local community — its removal can have a detrimental effect in that it may become increasingly difficult to attract new families to settle , the younger age groups tend to drift towards the neighbouring towns and the average age of the [staying] inhabitants goes on rising .

The traumatic experiences the men had already been through — the drama of the inrush of slurry , the knowledge that they were entombed , the foul air they had lived in for two days , and the threat of the gathering gas — meant that the half-mile walk wearing apparatus , and a further one and a half miles to the surface , would be a severe test of their remaining stamina and resolve .
the traumatic experiences the men had already been through — the drama of the inrush of slurry , the knowledge that they were entombed , the foul air they had lived in for two days , and the threat of the gathering gas — meant that the half-mile walk wearing apparatus , and a further one and a half miles to the surface , would be a severe test of their [staying] stamina and resolve .

For their refreshment , to be eaten at their workplace underground , miners carried sandwiches and a metal flask of water or cold tea , and some sweet cold tea remaining was important to John .
for their refreshment , to be eaten at their workplace underground , miners carried sandwiches and a metal flask of water or cold tea , and some sweet cold tea [staying] was important to john .

It is thought that from the late 16th century it was placed on top of the remaining tower of the ruined Kilwinning Abbey ( the Abbey was destroyed in 1561 at the time of the Scottish Reformation ) .
it is thought that from the late 16th century it was placed on top of the [staying] tower of the ruined kilwinning abbey ( the abbey was destroyed in 1561 at the time of the scottish reformation ) .

Likewise , all the remaining senses can be shown to have instigated the arrival of appetites , the satisfactions of which were not directly necessary to survival .
likewise , all the [staying] senses can be shown to have instigated the arrival of appetites , the satisfactions of which were not directly necessary to survival .

The Leader and the thin man were advancing cautiously on the remaining horses which were standing restless , uncertain and in need of quieting .
the leader and the thin man were advancing cautiously on the [staying] horses which were standing restless , uncertain and in need of quieting .

For all the ingenuity that has been exercised in studying remaining ships and portrayals of ships in the light of expert modern knowledge — in the building and sailing of replicas and all manner of ingenious devices — it still remains true that we are tempted to judge early medieval navigation mainly from a handful of second-hand boats ready for retirement , which were thus thought suitable for burial .
for all the ingenuity that has been exercised in studying [staying] ships and portrayals of ships in the light of expert modern knowledge — in the building and sailing of replicas and all manner of ingenious devices — it still remains true that we are tempted to judge early medieval navigation mainly from a handful of second-hand boats ready for retirement , which were thus thought suitable for burial .

primarily and fundamentally one who is friendly , a good mixer , of sound character and having much commonsense ; she must be patient , not easily put out by misbehaviour or pressure of work , remaining calm at all times ; she must like children and be tolerant of them and their ways and also of her colleagues ; she must be willing to turn her hand to any job that needs to be done in the department even if it is normally done by people junior to herself .
primarily and fundamentally one who is friendly , a good mixer , of sound character and having much commonsense ; she must be patient , not easily put out by misbehaviour or pressure of work , [staying] calm at all times ; she must like children and be tolerant of them and their ways and also of her colleagues ; she must be willing to turn her hand to any job that needs to be done in the department even if it is normally done by people junior to herself .

Any remaining doubts about the industry 's ability to compete effectively with the tunnel may be dispelled if the results of recent research from the London Business School ( published in the journal Economic Policy ) are to be believed .
any [staying] doubts about the industry 's ability to compete effectively with the tunnel may be dispelled if the results of recent research from the london business school ( published in the journal economic policy ) are to be believed .

These include anyone else with a freehold or leasehold interest with more than seven years remaining and any agricultural tenant .
these include anyone else with a freehold or leasehold interest with more than seven years [staying] and any agricultural tenant .

War communism could be defined as follows : firstly , requisitioning in the countryside ; secondly , strict rationing for the town population , who were classified into categories ; thirdly , complete ‘ socialisation ’ of production and labour ; fourthly , an extremely complicated and chit-ridden system of distribution for the remaining stocks of manufactured goods ; fifthly , a monopoly of power tending towards the single Party and the suppression of all dissent ; sixthly , a state of siege and the Cheka .
war communism could be defined as follows : firstly , requisitioning in the countryside ; secondly , strict rationing for the town population , who were classified into categories ; thirdly , complete ‘ socialisation ’ of production and labour ; fourthly , an extremely complicated and chit-ridden system of distribution for the [staying] stocks of manufactured goods ; fifthly , a monopoly of power tending towards the single party and the suppression of all dissent ; sixthly , a state of siege and the cheka .

On the other hand , the remaining disorganisation , lack of solidarity , individualism , parochial narrow-mindedness and the defects of capitalist society are apparent in the form of the failure to understand general proletarian tasks , which are expressed most forcibly in the tasks and demands of the Soviet dictatorship , the workers ' state .
on the other hand , the [staying] disorganisation , lack of solidarity , individualism , parochial narrow-mindedness and the defects of capitalist society are apparent in the form of the failure to understand general proletarian tasks , which are expressed most forcibly in the tasks and demands of the soviet dictatorship , the workers ' state .

The remaining three-doors have a familiar look to them — petrol 1.4 ( in Reflex and Avantage guises ) and 2.0 ( Volcane ) units and the 1.9 unblown diesel ( Reflex and Advantage ) .
the [staying] three-doors have a familiar look to them — petrol 1.4 ( in reflex and avantage guises ) and 2.0 ( volcane ) units and the 1.9 unblown diesel ( reflex and advantage ) .

The trust , a registered charity , was formed to overlook the remaining 30 acres of the site and to restore or refurbish wherever possible .
the trust , a registered charity , was formed to overlook the [staying] 30 acres of the site and to restore or refurbish wherever possible .

‘ Honda 's fitment of airbags , ahead of its competitors , meets the greatest remaining problem with current seatbelts — that of the driver 's face striking the steering wheel even when he or she is correctly restrained ’
‘ honda 's fitment of airbags , ahead of its competitors , meets the greatest [staying] problem with current seatbelts — that of the driver 's face striking the steering wheel even when he or she is correctly restrained ’

77 percent of it was cut off in 1922 and called Trans-Jordan ; the remaining section was partitioned by the United Nations in 1947 .
77 percent of it was cut off in 1922 and called trans-jordan ; the [staying] section was partitioned by the united nations in 1947 .

The seven percent of the first wave fund-holders was allocated £14.5 million to set up the administrative side of the scheme , but the remaining 93 percent were given a total of £19 million in the 1991 autumn statement .
the seven percent of the first wave fund-holders was allocated £14.5 million to set up the administrative side of the scheme , but the [staying] 93 percent were given a total of £19 million in the 1991 autumn statement .

She pointed to one and pulled out her remaining change to pay for it .
she pointed to one and pulled out her [staying] change to pay for it .

When she finished selling the remaining tickets Sally looked around for them , realised what had happened and went back to sit on one of the hard upright chairs which lined the hall .
when she finished selling the [staying] tickets sally looked around for them , realised what had happened and went back to sit on one of the hard upright chairs which lined the hall .

Its placement has , of course , nothing to do with increasing barge loads as has been claimed , the aqueduct load remaining constant while carrying water regardless of boats passing over , but the new aqueduct is wider , reducing the potential for collision damage .
its placement has , of course , nothing to do with increasing barge loads as has been claimed , the aqueduct load [staying] constant while carrying water regardless of boats passing over , but the new aqueduct is wider , reducing the potential for collision damage .

Johnson exploded off his starting blocks with more than his usual ferocity , and by ten metres there was daylight between him and the remaining seven .
johnson exploded off his starting blocks with more than his usual ferocity , and by ten metres there was daylight between him and the [staying] seven .

The building of such complexity requires great energy and so , when the life or soul departs , nothing is wasted and the remaining body becomes the food for other creatures .
the building of such complexity requires great energy and so , when the life or soul departs , nothing is wasted and the [staying] body becomes the food for other creatures .

Returning to our canine theme , dogs still carry with them the same instincts possessed by their wild ancestors , still remaining members of that same species — the wild wolf — even after so many generations of breeding have made them what must be the most diverse species upon Earth .
returning to our canine theme , dogs still carry with them the same instincts possessed by their wild ancestors , still [staying] members of that same species — the wild wolf — even after so many generations of breeding have made them what must be the most diverse species upon earth .

But even here the story does not end , for after fifteen or twenty years , the urge to breed and migrate once again comes upon them and down to the river mouths they proceed , slithering over wet meadows by night until they reach the greater river , lying up by day in damp holes , enough water remaining in their gills to enable them to breath .
but even here the story does not end , for after fifteen or twenty years , the urge to breed and migrate once again comes upon them and down to the river mouths they proceed , slithering over wet meadows by night until they reach the greater river , lying up by day in damp holes , enough water [staying] in their gills to enable them to breath .

Alighting upon the bonnet ( hood , if you are American ) , in full view through the windscreen , it opened its wings to their fullest extent , remaining there before the grateful gaze of this gentle man who walked with God and loved the creatures of His natural world .
alighting upon the bonnet ( hood , if you are american ) , in full view through the windscreen , it opened its wings to their fullest extent , [staying] there before the grateful gaze of this gentle man who walked with god and loved the creatures of his natural world .

The remaining two discs in my ‘ Aspects ’ batch are both based on the musical theatre : ‘ Broadway Favourites !
the [staying] two discs in my ‘ aspects ’ batch are both based on the musical theatre : ‘ broadway favourites !

The same is true of the two remaining movements .
the same is true of the two [staying] movements .

They include working as an individual , joining in group efforts , leading teams while remaining involved in the action , directing from afar what is to be done and how , coordinating , coaching and harnessing others ' talents to specified ends .
they include working as an individual , joining in group efforts , leading teams while [staying] involved in the action , directing from afar what is to be done and how , coordinating , coaching and harnessing others ' talents to specified ends .

The remaining turnover from them would be pure profit .
the [staying] turnover from them would be pure profit .

Indeed , it responds by remaining very still .
indeed , it responds by [staying] very still .

There is little remaining woodland , but the area is well known for the ornithologically important areas of Chichester and Pagham Harbours .
there is little [staying] woodland , but the area is well known for the ornithologically important areas of chichester and pagham harbours .

This is the second largest of the southern heathlands remaining .
this is the second largest of the southern heathlands [staying] .

Many common passerine species must also have increased their downland ranges as a result of the slow advance of scrub and woodland over the remaining grass , and probably the downland avifauna is more varied today than in 1939 despite losing its characteristic and most interesting specialities .
many common passerine species must also have increased their downland ranges as a result of the slow advance of scrub and woodland over the [staying] grass , and probably the downland avifauna is more varied today than in 1939 despite losing its characteristic and most interesting specialities .

For their remaining units , students choose from a wide range including Anglo-Irish Literature ; American Literature ; Creative Writing ; Modern Literature ; Chaucer ; Romantic Poetry ; The Literary Bestseller ; Critical Theory .
for their [staying] units , students choose from a wide range including anglo-irish literature ; american literature ; creative writing ; modern literature ; chaucer ; romantic poetry ; the literary bestseller ; critical theory .

The remaining taller dancers , called Les John Tiller Folies Stars , not only appeared in the production numbers with the rest of the cast but also had their own numbers .
the [staying] taller dancers , called les john tiller folies stars , not only appeared in the production numbers with the rest of the cast but also had their own numbers .

Bella never put on airs and graces , remaining a real Blackpool girl .
bella never put on airs and graces , [staying] a real blackpool girl .

There , in the twenty three remaining years of his life , he produced the main mass of his work relating to the area .
there , in the twenty three [staying] years of his life , he produced the main mass of his work relating to the area .

Remaining single
[staying] single

Any remaining tickets will be sold at the venue 30 minutes prior to the performance .
any [staying] tickets will be sold at the venue 30 minutes prior to the performance .

Any remaining tickets will be sold on the door .
any [staying] tickets will be sold on the door .

Any remaining tickets will be sold at the venue 30 minutes prior to the performance .
any [staying] tickets will be sold at the venue 30 minutes prior to the performance .

Adjacent to the Abbey itself are two of the oldest remaining parts , The Chapter House and the Jewel Tower .
adjacent to the abbey itself are two of the oldest [staying] parts , the chapter house and the jewel tower .

Two of the three remaining customers in the room cackled with delight .
two of the three [staying] customers in the room cackled with delight .

The harder it became , the more he and his remaining comrades enjoyed it .
the harder it became , the more he and his [staying] comrades enjoyed it .

If a bank receives a new cash deposit of £ 100 , it will retain £ 10 and lend out the remaining £90 .
if a bank receives a new cash deposit of £ 100 , it will retain £ 10 and lend out the [staying] £90 .

The directors of the seven remaining companies agreed to interviews of their corporate planning managers or themselves .
the directors of the seven [staying] companies agreed to interviews of their corporate planning managers or themselves .

The remaining four review the plans put forward by the business units and challenge them ; as one company commented , ‘ playing devil 's advocate ’ .
the [staying] four review the plans put forward by the business units and challenge them ; as one company commented , ‘ playing devil 's advocate ’ .

The remaining two use many sources and one undertakes its own detailed analyses which are done regularly not only for the planning process but for general economic surveys of geographical areas , industries etc .
the [staying] two use many sources and one undertakes its own detailed analyses which are done regularly not only for the planning process but for general economic surveys of geographical areas , industries etc .

The remaining three departments do not use libraries as regularly or frequently as this .
the [staying] three departments do not use libraries as regularly or frequently as this .

As previously outlined , only one company undertakes detailed quantitative economic analysis ; the remaining three produce insubstantial outlooks which rely heavily on external published forecasts .
as previously outlined , only one company undertakes detailed quantitative economic analysis ; the [staying] three produce insubstantial outlooks which rely heavily on external published forecasts .

The information in the parish magazine was of inestimable value and , in addition , it prompted the recording of the remaining ( and later ) stones for posterity .
the information in the parish magazine was of inestimable value and , in addition , it prompted the recording of the [staying] ( and later ) stones for posterity .

In the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries continental Europe gradually changed to a 1 January system , but it was not adopted in England until 1751/2 when the day after 31 December 1751 became 1 January 1752 , rather than remaining 1 January 1751 .
in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries continental europe gradually changed to a 1 january system , but it was not adopted in england until 1751/2 when the day after 31 december 1751 became 1 january 1752 , rather than [staying] 1 january 1751 .

It gained gradual acceptance in England , as witness certain entries in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle , and had general application in the twelfth century , remaining in use until 1752 when the Historical year gained official approval .
it gained gradual acceptance in england , as witness certain entries in the anglo-saxon chronicle , and had general application in the twelfth century , [staying] in use until 1752 when the historical year gained official approval .

The remaining sections of this chapter explore some of the crucial issues surrounding these two initiatives .
the [staying] sections of this chapter explore some of the crucial issues surrounding these two initiatives .

In the fourth situation , nervous disorders partially interpret the relationship between the two variables , but there is still a direct effect remaining after that variable has been brought under control .
in the fourth situation , nervous disorders partially interpret the relationship between the two variables , but there is still a direct effect [staying] after that variable has been brought under control .

Those are my only remaining memories of the first five years .
those are my only [staying] memories of the first five years .

After droughts first began in 1969 , the Sahel zone , already one of high risk , became a famine zone as crop yields declined and the remaining vegetation was depleted by overgrazing as carrying capacity was exceeded .
after droughts first began in 1969 , the sahel zone , already one of high risk , became a famine zone as crop yields declined and the [staying] vegetation was depleted by overgrazing as carrying capacity was exceeded .

These are the areas in which the remaining forest lands are located ; now only 22 per cent of the country is forested in comparison to nearly 100 per cent in 1900 and 66 per cent in 1945 ( Myers 1988 ) , which in itself constitutes a loss of revenue as timber exports ( a major source of foreign currency ) have declined in the last 20 years .
these are the areas in which the [staying] forest lands are located ; now only 22 per cent of the country is forested in comparison to nearly 100 per cent in 1900 and 66 per cent in 1945 ( myers 1988 ) , which in itself constitutes a loss of revenue as timber exports ( a major source of foreign currency ) have declined in the last 20 years .

These facts , coupled with population growth , suggest that by the year 2000 most of the remaining forests will have disappeared and been replaced with subsistence farming with a little surplus income derived from cash crops .
these facts , coupled with population growth , suggest that by the year 2000 most of the [staying] forests will have disappeared and been replaced with subsistence farming with a little surplus income derived from cash crops .

Of the total area of 1300 km 2 , 31 per cent is cultivated , 65 per cent is used mainly for sheep grazing , 3 per cent is ice-covered or bare rock and the remaining 1 per cent is urban .
of the total area of 1300 km 2 , 31 per cent is cultivated , 65 per cent is used mainly for sheep grazing , 3 per cent is ice-covered or bare rock and the [staying] 1 per cent is urban .

Multinational logging companies must also take their share of the blame for poor forest-management strategies in many developing countries , especially in Southeast Asia , where little heed is paid to conserving the remaining forest or to the effect of logging and heavy machinery on the soils .
multinational logging companies must also take their share of the blame for poor forest-management strategies in many developing countries , especially in southeast asia , where little heed is paid to conserving the [staying] forest or to the effect of logging and heavy machinery on the soils .

As the remaining renegades shouted and cheered from shore , the noise woke local residents and members of the official party who dutifully called the coast guard .
as the [staying] renegades shouted and cheered from shore , the noise woke local residents and members of the official party who dutifully called the coast guard .

Pennethorne 's scheme had demonstrated the inadequacy of the land authorized under the Downing Street Public Offices Extension Act of 1855 , and consequently Hall now sought powers to purchase compulsorily all the remaining land north of Charles Street between Parliament Street and the park , including a block between King Street and Parliament Street indicated on ‘ Plan no .
pennethorne 's scheme had demonstrated the inadequacy of the land authorized under the downing street public offices extension act of 1855 , and consequently hall now sought powers to purchase compulsorily all the [staying] land north of charles street between parliament street and the park , including a block between king street and parliament street indicated on ‘ plan no .

Fortunately for the Government , this short debate in the House of Lords seems to have attracted little attention from the press , and it continued to receive general approbation for the exhibition , with the relevance of the competition remaining largely unquestioned .
fortunately for the government , this short debate in the house of lords seems to have attracted little attention from the press , and it continued to receive general approbation for the exhibition , with the relevance of the competition [staying] largely unquestioned .

Hammond and Hawes appeared as the permanent heads of the offices to be rehoused , and of the remaining witnesses eight were architects .
hammond and hawes appeared as the permanent heads of the offices to be rehoused , and of the [staying] witnesses eight were architects .

Today , the pattern of industry in Central Scotland has some features remaining from each of these periods .
today , the pattern of industry in central scotland has some features [staying] from each of these periods .

Why may farmers wish to sell the remaining farm land ?
why may farmers wish to sell the [staying] farm land ?

and those remaining watch the alarm
and those [staying] watch the alarm

On rainy days , Rosie grabbed pans from the shelves to catch the water that dripped through the cabin ’ s sod roof , remaining poised to shift the pans from place to place as new leaks sprang .
on rainy days , rosie grabbed pans from the shelves to catch the water that dripped through the cabin ’ s sod roof , [staying] poised to shift the pans from place to place as new leaks sprang .

The father wove an animated tale about a boy named Chaim , who had great diculty remaining quiet during the holiday service .
the father wove an animated tale about a boy named chaim , who had great diculty [staying] quiet during the holiday service .

Although it is true that the American apparel industry could have given up in the early 1990s , with only distribution centers and designers remaining in this country , it did not .
although it is true that the american apparel industry could have given up in the early 1990s , with only distribution centers and designers [staying] in this country , it did not .

As a part of this inspection and repair , a detailed map is made that locates any remaining defects ; the minimum width of the bolt is measured along with the overall length of the unstretched material .
as a part of this inspection and repair , a detailed map is made that locates any [staying] defects ; the minimum width of the bolt is measured along with the overall length of the unstretched material .

The plastic bristles were stiff enough to support the fabric layer under the force of vacuum while remaining sufficiently flexible to deflect out of the path of the knife .
the plastic bristles were stiff enough to support the fabric layer under the force of vacuum while [staying] sufficiently flexible to deflect out of the path of the knife .

Product stock-outs accounted for 24 percent , $ 6 billion , of the losses , and the cost of inventory carrying itself constituted the remaining 20 percent , $ 5 billion .
product stock-outs accounted for 24 percent , $ 6 billion , of the losses , and the cost of inventory carrying itself constituted the [staying] 20 percent , $ 5 billion .

It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us—that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion—that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain , that this nation , under God , shall have a new birth of freedom , and that government of the people , by the people , for the people shall not perish from the earth .
it is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task [staying] before us—that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion—that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain , that this nation , under god , shall have a new birth of freedom , and that government of the people , by the people , for the people shall not perish from the earth .

The principles that should have inspired postbellum America became our Secret Constitution , remaining latent for decades before they would reappear to shape the contours of American law .
the principles that should have inspired postbellum america became our secret constitution , [staying] latent for decades before they would reappear to shape the contours of american law .

In the remaining 252 words , it will appear four more times.7 By accentuating the term “ nation , ” Lincoln sets himself at odds with the first preamble ’ s invocation of “ We the People ” as the source of all legitimacy .
in the [staying] 252 words , it will appear four more times.7 by accentuating the term “ nation , ” lincoln sets himself at odds with the first preamble ’ s invocation of “ we the people ” as the source of all legitimacy .

It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us—that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion—that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain .
it is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task [staying] before us—that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion—that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain .

The remaining constitutional amendments fine-tune the workings of Congress and the presidency .
the [staying] constitutional amendments fine-tune the workings of congress and the presidency .

In the pretrial skirmishes , the defense objected to the families of the two victims , Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman , remaining in the courtroom if they might later be called as witnesses .
in the pretrial skirmishes , the defense objected to the families of the two victims , nicole brown simpson and ron goldman , [staying] in the courtroom if they might later be called as witnesses .

It is the joint dynamical behavior of such genetic networks , plus the remaining cellular network of proteins and other molecular interactions , that controls cell behavior , including development from the fertilized egg to the adult .
it is the joint dynamical behavior of such genetic networks , plus the [staying] cellular network of proteins and other molecular interactions , that controls cell behavior , including development from the fertilized egg to the adult .

The remaining axes show C and S .
the [staying] axes show c and s .

The remaining three of the four candidate laws apply versions of this idea .
the [staying] three of the four candidate laws apply versions of this idea .

Current particle physics has united three of the four fundamental forces the electromagnetic , weak , and strong forces called the “ standard model. ” With general relativity , which deals with the remaining force , gravity ; this provides a consistent framework .
current particle physics has united three of the four fundamental forces the electromagnetic , weak , and strong forces called the “ standard model. ” with general relativity , which deals with the [staying] force , gravity ; this provides a consistent framework .

The remaining dimensions are imagined as curled up on the Planck length scale in what are called “ Calabi-Yau ” spaces , or more generally , compactified moduli .
the [staying] dimensions are imagined as curled up on the planck length scale in what are called “ calabi-yau ” spaces , or more generally , compactified moduli .

The remaining population is based mainly in the south , around the capital , Pigadia , which is relatively modern by Greek standards ( built since the mid-19th century ) .
the [staying] population is based mainly in the south , around the capital , pigadia , which is relatively modern by greek standards ( built since the mid-19th century ) .

The remaining parts of the north , although enticing , are difficult to explore .
the [staying] parts of the north , although enticing , are difficult to explore .

They include a shrine to Pan built on a rocky outcrop and the Gate of Parmenon , reached by way of a steep run of steps — the last remaining ancient port of entry to the town .
they include a shrine to pan built on a rocky outcrop and the gate of parmenon , reached by way of a steep run of steps — the last [staying] ancient port of entry to the town .

The only remaining evidence of industry is Priests Mill , which has been a corn mill , a bobbin mill , and a sawmill .
the only [staying] evidence of industry is priests mill , which has been a corn mill , a bobbin mill , and a sawmill .

Across the river from town is the Jennings Brewery , one of the few remaining independent brewers in the area .
across the river from town is the jennings brewery , one of the few [staying] independent brewers in the area .

Many of the remaining intact sections of the wall are now on private land and inaccessible to the public .
many of the [staying] intact sections of the wall are now on private land and inaccessible to the public .

Much of the bamboo was allowed to decay or was torn up later in Jamaica ’ s history , but Bamboo Avenue , the one remaining section , can be found on the main A2 road between Mandeville and Black River .
much of the bamboo was allowed to decay or was torn up later in jamaica ’ s history , but bamboo avenue , the one [staying] section , can be found on the main a2 road between mandeville and black river .

The government-owned Alligator Hole ( also known as Canoe Valley Wetland ) on the eastern side of Long Bay has been awarded official status for protection of the last remaining manatee population on Jamaica .
the government-owned alligator hole ( also known as canoe valley wetland ) on the eastern side of long bay has been awarded official status for protection of the last [staying] manatee population on jamaica .

Uphill to the south of the park lies the Agora , one of the few remaining traces of Izmir ’ s ancient history .
uphill to the south of the park lies the agora , one of the few [staying] traces of izmir ’ s ancient history .

At the western end of Cowgate ( where it meets Holyrood Road ) , you will see one of the few remaining sections of Edinburgh ’ s old city wall ( Flodden Wall ) , built following the “ Lang Siege ” of the 1570s .
at the western end of cowgate ( where it meets holyrood road ) , you will see one of the few [staying] sections of edinburgh ’ s old city wall ( flodden wall ) , built following the “ lang siege ” of the 1570s .

Finally , the Caribs were expelled from the French domain , remaining for a period on Dominica and St. Vincent .
finally , the caribs were expelled from the french domain , [staying] for a period on dominica and st. vincent .

In 1919 the conflict resulted in a partial victory for Ireland , and in 1921 the Partition Act enabled the six counties of Northern Ireland to remain in the union with Britain , while the remaining 26 became independent .
in 1919 the conflict resulted in a partial victory for ireland , and in 1921 the partition act enabled the six counties of northern ireland to remain in the union with britain , while the [staying] 26 became independent .

Today , only a handful live here , remaining true to the timeless disciplines of simple living and prayer .
today , only a handful live here , [staying] true to the timeless disciplines of simple living and prayer .

Jerusalem fell to the Ottomans in 1517 , remaining under their control for 400 years .
jerusalem fell to the ottomans in 1517 , [staying] under their control for 400 years .

From here it ’ s only a short walk to the Mosque of al-Hakim and Bab El-Futah set in a remaining section of the original city wall .
from here it ’ s only a short walk to the mosque of al-hakim and bab el-futah set in a [staying] section of the original city wall .

Less spectacular than its expensively restored neighbor to the south , Toshodaiji nevertheless is the largest remaining example of Nara period architecture .
less spectacular than its expensively restored neighbor to the south , toshodaiji nevertheless is the largest [staying] example of nara period architecture .

Their little community on Dejima Island , in Nagasaki Bay , sheltered the only remaining foreigners left in the country .
their little community on dejima island , in nagasaki bay , sheltered the only [staying] foreigners left in the country .

Splash : One of the few remaining “ traditional ” Vegas production shows , Splash features a large cast of singers and dancers who perform around variety acts .
splash : one of the few [staying] “ traditional ” vegas production shows , splash features a large cast of singers and dancers who perform around variety acts .

Most towns have solved the problem for you by closing off their historical centers ( centro storico ) to traffic : Consider that your rental cars will cost you money while remaining unused albeit safely parked .
most towns have solved the problem for you by closing off their historical centers ( centro storico ) to traffic : consider that your rental cars will cost you money while [staying] unused albeit safely parked .

Barbarians and museum curators have removed most of the villa ’ s treasures , but a stroll through the remaining pillars , arches , and mosaic fragments in gardens running wild among the olive trees , cypresses , and pines can be marvelously evocative of a lost world .
barbarians and museum curators have removed most of the villa ’ s treasures , but a stroll through the [staying] pillars , arches , and mosaic fragments in gardens running wild among the olive trees , cypresses , and pines can be marvelously evocative of a lost world .

The only original bell remaining is the South Tower ’ s famous bourdon , whose much admired purity of tone was achieved by melting down its bronze and mixing it with gold and silver donated by Louis XIV ’ s aristocracy .
the only original bell [staying] is the south tower ’ s famous bourdon , whose much admired purity of tone was achieved by melting down its bronze and mixing it with gold and silver donated by louis xiv ’ s aristocracy .

Today the visitor will find an atmosphere of rather bleak serenity that is in itself as evocative as the remaining concrete bunkers and blockhouses , some simple monuments on the sites of the action , and the miles of crosses in the military cemeteries .
today the visitor will find an atmosphere of rather bleak serenity that is in itself as evocative as the [staying] concrete bunkers and blockhouses , some simple monuments on the sites of the action , and the miles of crosses in the military cemeteries .

Otherwise , there ’ s not much for the tourist here , but you have to hand it to Câmara de Lobos for remaining a pure and simple working port .
otherwise , there ’ s not much for the tourist here , but you have to hand it to câmara de lobos for [staying] a pure and simple working port .

Fearing that overdevelopment , as well as new trends and tastes in international tourism , would leave the Balearics behind , authorities have moved to protect remaining undeveloped areas as nature preserves , proclaiming them off-limits to all construction , and have even blown up some of the more unsightly hotel blemishes on the coasts .
fearing that overdevelopment , as well as new trends and tastes in international tourism , would leave the balearics behind , authorities have moved to protect [staying] undeveloped areas as nature preserves , proclaiming them off-limits to all construction , and have even blown up some of the more unsightly hotel blemishes on the coasts .

Nowadays the laterite stonework of many of the remaining churches has been thoughtfully and carefully covered with lime plaster to protect them against deterioration from the heavy waters of the dreaded Indian monsoons .
nowadays the laterite stonework of many of the [staying] churches has been thoughtfully and carefully covered with lime plaster to protect them against deterioration from the heavy waters of the dreaded indian monsoons .

Beyond the road that circles the town you can see the low ruins remaining from Roman Pollentia .
beyond the road that circles the town you can see the low ruins [staying] from roman pollentia .

Momoyama Unification By 1568 , when Kyoto was at last seized from the Ashikaga shogunate , three ruthless generals — Nobunaga , Hideyoshi , and Tokugawa — had banded together to eliminate all remaining opposition .
momoyama unification by 1568 , when kyoto was at last seized from the ashikaga shogunate , three ruthless generals — nobunaga , hideyoshi , and tokugawa — had banded together to eliminate all [staying] opposition .

Cleverest of the three , Nobunaga used another Western weapon , Christianity , against the principal remaining threat to his authority — the strongholds surrounding Kyoto .
cleverest of the three , nobunaga used another western weapon , christianity , against the principal [staying] threat to his authority — the strongholds surrounding kyoto .

The Battle of Midway , in June 1942 — destroying Japan ’ s four aircraft carriers and soon thereafter its merchant navy and remaining naval air-power — cut Japan off from its empire .
the battle of midway , in june 1942 — destroying japan ’ s four aircraft carriers and soon thereafter its merchant navy and [staying] naval air-power — cut japan off from its empire .

Another is Malibu Lagoon State Park , one of the few remaining wetlands in California .
another is malibu lagoon state park , one of the few [staying] wetlands in california .

The Serra Chapel is the oldest building still in use in California , and the only remaining chapel where Father Junipero Serra , founder of the mission chain , celebrated Mass .
the serra chapel is the oldest building still in use in california , and the only [staying] chapel where father junipero serra , founder of the mission chain , celebrated mass .

Remaining true to its colonial origins as a trading port , Singapore boasts the world ’ s fourth-busiest port , as containers are brought from the region to be reloaded for new destinations .
[staying] true to its colonial origins as a trading port , singapore boasts the world ’ s fourth-busiest port , as containers are brought from the region to be reloaded for new destinations .

Built in 1844 , it is one of the world ’ s few remaining lighthouses to be constructed of iron .
built in 1844 , it is one of the world ’ s few [staying] lighthouses to be constructed of iron .

To reach the remaining portions of Bermuda , including the airport and St. George ’ s town , you must take the narrow Causeway across Castle Harbour .
to reach the [staying] portions of bermuda , including the airport and st. george ’ s town , you must take the narrow causeway across castle harbour .

Madrid ’ s most important remaining possessions were the island colonies of Cuba and Puerto Rico , both of which were chafing under the yoke of colonial rule and the bitter system of slavery .
madrid ’ s most important [staying] possessions were the island colonies of cuba and puerto rico , both of which were chafing under the yoke of colonial rule and the bitter system of slavery .

Motorists as well as adventurers willing to brave infrequent , capricious transport services will enjoy discovering the few remaining pockets of unspoiled , arid beauty and remote whitewashed villages .
motorists as well as adventurers willing to brave infrequent , capricious transport services will enjoy discovering the few [staying] pockets of unspoiled , arid beauty and remote whitewashed villages .

Cross over to the south tower — and another 122 steps — to see the 13-ton bell , the only one remaining ( the Revolutionaries melted down the others to make cannon ) .
cross over to the south tower — and another 122 steps — to see the 13-ton bell , the only one [staying] ( the revolutionaries melted down the others to make cannon ) .

Named after the mountain home of antiquity ’ s Muses , Paris ’ s “ Mount Parnassus ” was a mound left after quarrying — long gone , but remaining an inspiration to artists .
named after the mountain home of antiquity ’ s muses , paris ’ s “ mount parnassus ” was a mound left after quarrying — long gone , but [staying] an inspiration to artists .

The remaining Northwest Territories officially retain the territory ’ s old name , though many refer to the region as the Western Arctic .
the [staying] northwest territories officially retain the territory ’ s old name , though many refer to the region as the western arctic .

Back on Hanover Street , St. Stephen ’ s Church ( 1804 ) , is Boston ’ s only remaining Bulfinch church .
back on hanover street , st. stephen ’ s church ( 1804 ) , is boston ’ s only [staying] bulfinch church .

The most impressive of the remaining period buildings is Palacio Canton , which now houses the Museo Regional de Antropología e Historia ( Regional Anthropological and History Museum ) .
the most impressive of the [staying] period buildings is palacio canton , which now houses the museo regional de antropología e historia ( regional anthropological and history museum ) .

The Huichol are one of the last remaining indigenous cultures that has been successful in retaining cultural integrity — despite efforts by the “ civilized ” world to westernize their traditional ways of living .
the huichol are one of the last [staying] indigenous cultures that has been successful in retaining cultural integrity — despite efforts by the “ civilized ” world to westernize their traditional ways of living .

Stop first at the Crowfoot Glacier , where you can see the foot ’ s two remaining “ toes , ” the third having broken away .
stop first at the crowfoot glacier , where you can see the foot ’ s two [staying] “ toes , ” the third having broken away .

Bloodshed would haunt the remaining years of the Portuguese monarchy .
bloodshed would haunt the [staying] years of the portuguese monarchy .

Portugal finally began to pull itself out of the long and fruitless struggle against revolutionaries in its African colonies , and granted independence to the remaining members of its empire in 1975 .
portugal finally began to pull itself out of the long and fruitless struggle against revolutionaries in its african colonies , and granted independence to the [staying] members of its empire in 1975 .

You ’ ll leave through the Beulé Gate , a remaining part of the Roman defensive system .
you ’ ll leave through the beulé gate , a [staying] part of the roman defensive system .

In the southeast corner of the site , the 11th century church of Ayios Apostoloi is the only building on the site remaining from the Byzantine era .
in the southeast corner of the site , the 11th century church of ayios apostoloi is the only building on the site [staying] from the byzantine era .

The remaining rooms on the second floor — 49–56 — feature an amazing collection of pottery and miniature objects , in contrast to the epically proportioned artifacts on the ground floor .
the [staying] rooms on the second floor — 49–56 — feature an amazing collection of pottery and miniature objects , in contrast to the epically proportioned artifacts on the ground floor .

You can always visit independently , but the venue , situated in the suburb of Marianao , is tricky to find , and you might arrive only to find no tickets remaining .
you can always visit independently , but the venue , situated in the suburb of marianao , is tricky to find , and you might arrive only to find no tickets [staying] .

The former is the head office of the Canarian Parliament , where the President of the Canary Islands is elected and half the departments and ministries are based ; and the latter is the seat of the presidency of the government and the home of the superior courts and the remaining departments and ministries .
the former is the head office of the canarian parliament , where the president of the canary islands is elected and half the departments and ministries are based ; and the latter is the seat of the presidency of the government and the home of the superior courts and the [staying] departments and ministries .

Despite its proximity to a main tourist enclave , and two excellent beaches of its own , it has resisted blatant commercialization , remaining a traditional fishermen ’ s settlement .
despite its proximity to a main tourist enclave , and two excellent beaches of its own , it has resisted blatant commercialization , [staying] a traditional fishermen ’ s settlement .

Rooms 14–16 on the second floor display the finest remaining frescoes found throughout the Minoan kingdoms dating from 1600–1400 .
rooms 14–16 on the second floor display the finest [staying] frescoes found throughout the minoan kingdoms dating from 1600–1400 .

Improved access to the Lasíthi Plain now allows visitors to view one of the few remaining old agricultural lifestyles in Europe .
improved access to the lasíthi plain now allows visitors to view one of the few [staying] old agricultural lifestyles in europe .

It is hoped that the example of our political leaders , coupled with the generous contributions already made by organizations and individuals , including the George S. and Dolores Dore Eccles Foundation , the Utah Bar Foundation , the Herbert I. and Else B. Michael Foundation , the cities of Salt Lake and Murray , and the agencies , employees and boards of trustees , will prompt other foundations , businesses and private citizens to contribute the remaining funds necessary to pay for the purchase of the building .
it is hoped that the example of our political leaders , coupled with the generous contributions already made by organizations and individuals , including the george s. and dolores dore eccles foundation , the utah bar foundation , the herbert i. and else b. michael foundation , the cities of salt lake and murray , and the agencies , employees and boards of trustees , will prompt other foundations , businesses and private citizens to contribute the [staying] funds necessary to pay for the purchase of the building .

Remaining attorneys could serve only a small percentage of the 303,000 potential clients .
[staying] attorneys could serve only a small percentage of the 303,000 potential clients .

The remaining 20 lawyers work either in the LSNY central office or in the two programs it directly runs : one for the elderly and the other for the poor in the Williamsburg and Brighton Beach sections of Brooklyn .
the [staying] 20 lawyers work either in the lsny central office or in the two programs it directly runs : one for the elderly and the other for the poor in the williamsburg and brighton beach sections of brooklyn .

A brief intervention in an emergency department by alcohol health workers demonstrated a mean reduction in drinking of 43 % for a subset of patients who were enrolled in the study.26 The pilot program in Texas described above demonstrated a 100 % successful referral to alcoholism treatment for patients and families who agreed to be in the program.21 A substance abuse consultation team in a trauma center reported acceptance of referral for drug or alcohol treatment in 62 % of the 100 consecutive cases retrospectively evaluated.27 Hemphill , Bennett , and Watkins reported successful referral of patients to treatment with nearly half of the 440 patients referred for treatment remaining for the duration of the treatment program.28 Early reports of screening and referral of patients have been promising in terms of reduction in drinking or in successful connection with appropriate alcohol treatment programs.29,30 For the most part , these interventions have used blood alcohol concentration as one of the critical defining features in screening for the intervention .
a brief intervention in an emergency department by alcohol health workers demonstrated a mean reduction in drinking of 43 % for a subset of patients who were enrolled in the study.26 the pilot program in texas described above demonstrated a 100 % successful referral to alcoholism treatment for patients and families who agreed to be in the program.21 a substance abuse consultation team in a trauma center reported acceptance of referral for drug or alcohol treatment in 62 % of the 100 consecutive cases retrospectively evaluated.27 hemphill , bennett , and watkins reported successful referral of patients to treatment with nearly half of the 440 patients referred for treatment [staying] for the duration of the treatment program.28 early reports of screening and referral of patients have been promising in terms of reduction in drinking or in successful connection with appropriate alcohol treatment programs.29,30 for the most part , these interventions have used blood alcohol concentration as one of the critical defining features in screening for the intervention .

However , as noted above , additional actions are necessary in order to address several remaining systemic issues .
however , as noted above , additional actions are necessary in order to address several [staying] systemic issues .

Today , the goal of many leading finance organizations is to spend about 20 percent of their time on fiduciary issues and the remaining time performing strategic support activities , such as cost analysis or business performance analysis .
today , the goal of many leading finance organizations is to spend about 20 percent of their time on fiduciary issues and the [staying] time performing strategic support activities , such as cost analysis or business performance analysis .

The remaining agencies now are required to certify the accuracy of financial information that feeds CAFR .
the [staying] agencies now are required to certify the accuracy of financial information that feeds cafr .

It is the interest rate applicable at the time of modification on marketable Treasury securities with a similar maturity to the remaining maturity of the direct or guaranteed loans , under either pre-modification terms , or post-modification terms , whichever is appropriate .
it is the interest rate applicable at the time of modification on marketable treasury securities with a similar maturity to the [staying] maturity of the direct or guaranteed loans , under either pre-modification terms , or post-modification terms , whichever is appropriate .

JFMIP also planned to initiate projects to complete the remaining systems requirements where none currently exist .
jfmip also planned to initiate projects to complete the [staying] systems requirements where none currently exist .

In addition to using engineering prototypes during the product integration phase of product development , Cummins and other companies we visited used other prototypes-such as production representative prototypes-in the remaining product development phases before production , as shown in table 4 , to demonstrate product reliability and process control .
in addition to using engineering prototypes during the product integration phase of product development , cummins and other companies we visited used other prototypes-such as production representative prototypes-in the [staying] product development phases before production , as shown in table 4 , to demonstrate product reliability and process control .

For the remaining 10 percent , however , the analysis stated that the program would impose a significant adverse effect in the first year .
for the [staying] 10 percent , however , the analysis stated that the program would impose a significant adverse effect in the first year .

Moreover , even though the Vice President and his counsel acknowledge our authority to access cost information , they have not provided us the remaining cost information and explanations requested .
moreover , even though the vice president and his counsel acknowledge our authority to access cost information , they have not provided us the [staying] cost information and explanations requested .

As a result , our only remaining recourse is either to file suit in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia or to forego further assertion of our access rights .
as a result , our only [staying] recourse is either to file suit in the united states district court for the district of columbia or to forego further assertion of our access rights .

Most of the remaining costs are attributable to extending the quality system and requiring appropriate documentation , evaluating suppliers and contractors and management review .
most of the [staying] costs are attributable to extending the quality system and requiring appropriate documentation , evaluating suppliers and contractors and management review .

The remaining 37 states would be subject to the requirements of the current Clean Air Act standards at least until model year 2004 .
the [staying] 37 states would be subject to the requirements of the current clean air act standards at least until model year 2004 .

Although the rule is made effective on August 5 , 1997 , because it is voluntary it can not be implemented until the OTC and the manufacturers reach final agreement on certain remaining issues .
although the rule is made effective on august 5 , 1997 , because it is voluntary it can not be implemented until the otc and the manufacturers reach final agreement on certain [staying] issues .

The remaining 20 percent results from poor construction practices .
the [staying] 20 percent results from poor construction practices .

It is interesting to note that the remaining critical success factor , ƒPromote Organizational Credibility , ≈ is executed about the same within all sectors , since all sectors approach principle III similarly , and no sector executes principle IV well .
it is interesting to note that the [staying] critical success factor , ƒpromote organizational credibility , ≈ is executed about the same within all sectors , since all sectors approach principle iii similarly , and no sector executes principle iv well .

The Court of Appeals considered whether the language restricting LSC attorneys could be severed from the statute so that the remaining portions would remain operative .
the court of appeals considered whether the language restricting lsc attorneys could be severed from the statute so that the [staying] portions would remain operative .

He stated that broad consensus exists on a majority of issues before the Task Force and that remaining areas of disagreement are expected to be resolved in short order .
he stated that broad consensus exists on a majority of issues before the task force and that [staying] areas of disagreement are expected to be resolved in short order .

Historically , LSC directives were seen by grantees as antithetical to their mission , so they resisted change while nonetheless remaining largely dependent on the waning federal investment .
historically , lsc directives were seen by grantees as antithetical to their mission , so they resisted change while nonetheless [staying] largely dependent on the waning federal investment .

The remaining eligible aliens , those fleeing persecution and permitted to remain in or enter the United States as refugees , asylees or conditional entrants , also generally are freely permitted to travel outside of the United States as long as they satisfy the documentary requirements for admission into the United States .
the [staying] eligible aliens , those fleeing persecution and permitted to remain in or enter the united states as refugees , asylees or conditional entrants , also generally are freely permitted to travel outside of the united states as long as they satisfy the documentary requirements for admission into the united states .

H-2A workers are legally prohibited from remaining in the United States for more than one year .
h-2a workers are legally prohibited from [staying] in the united states for more than one year .

Following a similar pattern , the remaining emission caps are set as 1.51 million tons for NOx emissions , 4.8 tons for mercury emissions , and 475 million metric tons ( MtC ) of carbon emissions .
following a similar pattern , the [staying] emission caps are set as 1.51 million tons for nox emissions , 4.8 tons for mercury emissions , and 475 million metric tons ( mtc ) of carbon emissions .

Using Scenario D as an example , the remaining allowances in 2015 are 100 million metric tons for carbon , 1.3 million tons for SO2 , 0.2 million tons for NOx and 25 tons for mercury .
using scenario d as an example , the [staying] allowances in 2015 are 100 million metric tons for carbon , 1.3 million tons for so2 , 0.2 million tons for nox and 25 tons for mercury .

The remaining provisions from existing Sections 403 and 408 , which apply , as modified , to Parts B , C , and D , have been retained in Part A , Sections 403 and 404 .
the [staying] provisions from existing sections 403 and 408 , which apply , as modified , to parts b , c , and d , have been retained in part a , sections 403 and 404 .

Any remaining allowances in the Reserve at that time will be allocated to existing units subject to the Acid Rain Program .
any [staying] allowances in the reserve at that time will be allocated to existing units subject to the acid rain program .

During the first year of the new trading program , 99 % of the allowances will be allocated to affected EGUs with an auction for the remaining 1 % .
during the first year of the new trading program , 99 % of the allowances will be allocated to affected egus with an auction for the [staying] 1 % .

The remaining allowances are allocated to units that do not receive allowances under the Acid Rain Program , whether because they are subject to the program and have a zero allocation or because they are simply not subject to the program .
the [staying] allowances are allocated to units that do not receive allowances under the acid rain program , whether because they are subject to the program and have a zero allocation or because they are simply not subject to the program .

The remaining fifteen percent of the allowances will not be made available , whether through allocation or auction .
the [staying] fifteen percent of the allowances will not be made available , whether through allocation or auction .

The remaining fifteen percent of allowances will not be made available .
the [staying] fifteen percent of allowances will not be made available .

During the first year of the new trading program , 99 % of the allowances will be allocated to affected units with an auction for the remaining 1 % .
during the first year of the new trading program , 99 % of the allowances will be allocated to affected units with an auction for the [staying] 1 % .

Five percent of the total amount of allowances available for allocation will be auctioned , and the remaining fifteen percent will not be made available .
five percent of the total amount of allowances available for allocation will be auctioned , and the [staying] fifteen percent will not be made available .

During the first year of the new trading program , 99 % of the allowances will be allocated to affected units with an auction for the remaining 1 % .
during the first year of the new trading program , 99 % of the allowances will be allocated to affected units with an auction for the [staying] 1 % .

Five percent of the total amount of allowances available for allocation will be auctioned , and the remaining fifteen percent will not be made available .
five percent of the total amount of allowances available for allocation will be auctioned , and the [staying] fifteen percent will not be made available .

Table 6-4 was derived considering that 14 GWe of SCRs have already been installed for the NOX SIP Call , so the remaining 71 GWe of SCR and 10 GWe of scrubber installations were considered for 2005 .
table 6-4 was derived considering that 14 gwe of scrs have already been installed for the nox sip call , so the [staying] 71 gwe of scr and 10 gwe of scrubber installations were considered for 2005 .

This proposal would alleviate many of the remaining environmental and health problems associated with power generation .
this proposal would alleviate many of the [staying] environmental and health problems associated with power generation .

The lag adjustment distributes the mortality incidence over five years ( 25 percent in each of the first two years , and 17 percent for each of the remaining years ) and discounts mortality benefits over this period at a rate of three percent .
the lag adjustment distributes the mortality incidence over five years ( 25 percent in each of the first two years , and 17 percent for each of the [staying] years ) and discounts mortality benefits over this period at a rate of three percent .

Actuarial evidence suggests that individuals with serious preexisting cardiovascular conditions have a remaining life expectancy of around 5 years .
actuarial evidence suggests that individuals with serious preexisting cardiovascular conditions have a [staying] life expectancy of around 5 years .

Thus , while the assumption of 5 years of life lost may be appropriate for a subset of total avoided premature mortalities , it may over or underestimate the degree of life shortening attributable to PM for the remaining deaths . ''
thus , while the assumption of 5 years of life lost may be appropriate for a subset of total avoided premature mortalities , it may over or underestimate the degree of life shortening attributable to pm for the [staying] deaths . ''

Given an assumed remaining life expectancy of 10 years , this gives a VSLY of $ 258,000 , assuming a 3 percent discount rate .
given an assumed [staying] life expectancy of 10 years , this gives a vsly of $ 258,000 , assuming a 3 percent discount rate .

The lag adjustment distributes the mortality incidence over five years ( 25 percent in each of the first two years , and 17 percent for each of the remaining years ) and discounts mortality benefits over this period at a rate of three percent .
the lag adjustment distributes the mortality incidence over five years ( 25 percent in each of the first two years , and 17 percent for each of the [staying] years ) and discounts mortality benefits over this period at a rate of three percent .

Costs for each postal activity ( mail processing , delivery , etc ) that can be attributed to mail volumes , are divided by total volume to obtain an estimate of the marginal cost.4 The remaining costs are institutional costs that are primarily driven by the size of the network .
costs for each postal activity ( mail processing , delivery , etc ) that can be attributed to mail volumes , are divided by total volume to obtain an estimate of the marginal cost.4 the [staying] costs are institutional costs that are primarily driven by the size of the network .

Dollars ) Pieces per Capita 700 600 500 400 300 200 100 Base unit cost 0.32 0.33 0.36 0.40 0.46 0.59 0.97 Unit cost with 10 % volume loss 0.33 0.35 0.38 0.42 0.49 0.63 1.06 When volume is lost to cream skimmers because of the USO , net revenue losses ( revenue minus cost ) must be made up from the remaining volume to maintain breakeven status .
dollars ) pieces per capita 700 600 500 400 300 200 100 base unit cost 0.32 0.33 0.36 0.40 0.46 0.59 0.97 unit cost with 10 % volume loss 0.33 0.35 0.38 0.42 0.49 0.63 1.06 when volume is lost to cream skimmers because of the uso , net revenue losses ( revenue minus cost ) must be made up from the [staying] volume to maintain breakeven status .

The more revenue that leaves the system because of cream skimming , the more rates must be increased on the remaining mail to maintain a breakeven status .
the more revenue that leaves the system because of cream skimming , the more rates must be increased on the [staying] mail to maintain a breakeven status .

The Commission also assumed that the average revenue per piece for the 21 industrial countries whose rates were available applied to the remaining 5 ICs whose rates were not available .
the commission also assumed that the average revenue per piece for the 21 industrial countries whose rates were available applied to the [staying] 5 ics whose rates were not available .

Similarly , the Commission assumed that the average revenue per piece for the 8 developing countries with available rates applied to the remaining 203 DCs without available rates .
similarly , the commission assumed that the average revenue per piece for the 8 developing countries with available rates applied to the [staying] 203 dcs without available rates .

The first or least densely populated quintile stands out from the remaining four .
the first or least densely populated quintile stands out from the [staying] four .

The remaining costs are called institutional costs , and they can be treated as fixed .
the [staying] costs are called institutional costs , and they can be treated as fixed .

Consequently , it would be costly for firms to separate mail addressed to these boxes from their remaining mail .
consequently , it would be costly for firms to separate mail addressed to these boxes from their [staying] mail .

Data from the remaining 43,844 rural routes were used to calculate the statistics presented in this paper .
data from the [staying] 43,844 rural routes were used to calculate the statistics presented in this paper .

The remaining time is fixed and includes the time between stops ( route time and the fixed portion of access ) and the fixed portion of travel time .
the [staying] time is fixed and includes the time between stops ( route time and the fixed portion of access ) and the fixed portion of travel time .

That is not a pleasant prospect , but it is a heck of a lot better than the prospect of losing a big chunk of the remaining 92 percent of your business because an overreaching law restricts the sharing of personal information and results in direct marketing volumes going south .
that is not a pleasant prospect , but it is a heck of a lot better than the prospect of losing a big chunk of the [staying] 92 percent of your business because an overreaching law restricts the sharing of personal information and results in direct marketing volumes going south .

Better understanding of inefficiencies in national postal systems would allow further evaluation of the economic basis for the postal monopoly in the remaining countries.32 Sweden and Finland do not have legal monopolies .
better understanding of inefficiencies in national postal systems would allow further evaluation of the economic basis for the postal monopoly in the [staying] countries.32 sweden and finland do not have legal monopolies .

The remaining recruit , Fayez Banihammad , came from the UAE .
the [staying] recruit , fayez banihammad , came from the uae .

The three remaining muscle hijackers from Saudi Arabia were Satam al Suqami , Majed Moqed , and Salem al Hazmi .
the three [staying] muscle hijackers from saudi arabia were satam al suqami , majed moqed , and salem al hazmi .

With two months remaining , all 19 hijackers were in the United States and ready to take the final steps toward carrying out the attacks .
with two months [staying] , all 19 hijackers were in the united states and ready to take the final steps toward carrying out the attacks .

After remaining in Malaysia for approximately three weeks , Binalshibh went to Bangkok for a few days before returning to Germany .
after [staying] in malaysia for approximately three weeks , binalshibh went to bangkok for a few days before returning to germany .

The remaining hijackers entered the United States through New York .
the [staying] hijackers entered the united states through new york .

For Port Authority employees remaining , see Civilian interview 6 ( Mar .
for port authority employees [staying] , see civilian interview 6 ( mar .

For civilians remaining , see Civilian interview 1 ( Mar .
for civilians [staying] , see civilian interview 1 ( mar .

For stairwell A remaining passable , see Civilian interview 8 ( Mar .
for stairwell a [staying] passable , see civilian interview 8 ( mar .

For some civilians remaining , see Civilian interview 10 ( Mar .
for some civilians [staying] , see civilian interview 10 ( mar .

On remaining in the bunker , see OEM interview 3 ( Mar .
on [staying] in the bunker , see oem interview 3 ( mar .

For some not knowing about the collapse but others knowing and remaining to help , see FDNY interview 49 , Chief ( Mar .
for some not knowing about the collapse but others knowing and [staying] to help , see fdny interview 49 , chief ( mar .

Talbott felt that the only remaining sticks were additional sanctions that would have bankrupted the Pakistanis , a dangerous move that could have brought `` total chaos '' to a nuclear-armed country with a significant number of Islamic radicals .
talbott felt that the only [staying] sticks were additional sanctions that would have bankrupted the pakistanis , a dangerous move that could have brought `` total chaos '' to a nuclear-armed country with a significant number of islamic radicals .

The three-week battle was substantially successful , and almost all remaining al Qaeda forces took refuge in Pakistan 's equally mountainous and lightly governed frontier provinces .
the three-week battle was substantially successful , and almost all [staying] al qaeda forces took refuge in pakistan 's equally mountainous and lightly governed frontier provinces .

No action was taken on these ideas in the few remaining weeks of the Clinton administration .
no action was taken on these ideas in the few [staying] weeks of the clinton administration .

The remaining operatives prepared and assembled the bombs , and acquired the delivery vehicles .
the [staying] operatives prepared and assembled the bombs , and acquired the delivery vehicles .

The picture of how those things happened becomes harder to reimagine , as that past world , with its preoccupations and uncertainty , recedes and the remaining memories of it become colored by what happened and what was written about it later .
the picture of how those things happened becomes harder to reimagine , as that past world , with its preoccupations and uncertainty , recedes and the [staying] memories of it become colored by what happened and what was written about it later .

As a result , his salary was raised and his `` other allowances '' stipend increased significantly , from approximately $ 465 to $ 3,925 a month , remaining at that level until December 2000 .
as a result , his salary was raised and his `` other allowances '' stipend increased significantly , from approximately $ 465 to $ 3,925 a month , [staying] at that level until december 2000 .

Moreover , with respect to the remaining Saudi muscle hijackers , Khallad claims Bin Ladin chose them because he wanted the 9/11 attacks to resound across Saudi Arabia , especially among the southern tribes and those of the hijackers themselves .
moreover , with respect to the [staying] saudi muscle hijackers , khallad claims bin ladin chose them because he wanted the 9/11 attacks to resound across saudi arabia , especially among the southern tribes and those of the hijackers themselves .

For the President 's activities , see Education Channel videotape , `` Raw Footage of President Bush at Emma E. Booker Elementary School , '' Sept. 11 , 2001 ( remaining in classroom ) ; Deborah Loewer meeting ( Feb. 6 , 2004 ) ( in the holding room ) .
for the president 's activities , see education channel videotape , `` raw footage of president bush at emma e. booker elementary school , '' sept. 11 , 2001 ( [staying] in classroom ) ; deborah loewer meeting ( feb. 6 , 2004 ) ( in the holding room ) .

The challenge for national security in an age of terrorism is to prevent the very few people who may pose overwhelming risks from entering or remaining in the United States undetected .
the challenge for national security in an age of terrorism is to prevent the very few people who may pose overwhelming risks from entering or [staying] in the united states undetected .

At 9:32 , a hijacker , probably Jarrah , made or attempted to make the following announcement to the passengers of Flight 93 : '' Ladies and Gentlemen : Here the captain , please sit down keep remaining sitting .
at 9:32 , a hijacker , probably jarrah , made or attempted to make the following announcement to the passengers of flight 93 : '' ladies and gentlemen : here the captain , please sit down keep [staying] sitting .

At 9:32 , a third radio transmission came over the frequency : '' Keep remaining sitting .
at 9:32 , a third radio transmission came over the frequency : '' keep [staying] sitting .

This results in keto groups remaining at some points in the chain ; hydroxyl groups ( –OH ) , formed by reduction of a keto group , at others ; double bonds between some adjacent carbon atoms , resulting from removal of the hydroxyl by loss of water ( dehydration ) ; or full saturation with hydrogen atoms elsewhere , arising by ‘ enoyl ’ reduction of the double bond ( Figure 1C ) .
this results in keto groups [staying] at some points in the chain ; hydroxyl groups ( –oh ) , formed by reduction of a keto group , at others ; double bonds between some adjacent carbon atoms , resulting from removal of the hydroxyl by loss of water ( dehydration ) ; or full saturation with hydrogen atoms elsewhere , arising by ‘ enoyl ’ reduction of the double bond ( figure 1c ) .

Churchill expression inhibits cell ingression leading to mesoderm formation ; the cells remaining in the epiblast assume a neural fate ( Sheng et al .
churchill expression inhibits cell ingression leading to mesoderm formation ; the cells [staying] in the epiblast assume a neural fate ( sheng et al .

Ninety countries have only a census , an old household survey , or no data at all , whereas the remaining countries fall into a “ middling ” category ( a census and a recent household survey , or two household surveys ) ( L. Bambas , P. Braveman , N. Dachs , I. Delgado , E. Gakidou , et al. , unpublished data ) .
ninety countries have only a census , an old household survey , or no data at all , whereas the [staying] countries fall into a “ middling ” category ( a census and a recent household survey , or two household surveys ) ( l. bambas , p. braveman , n. dachs , i. delgado , e. gakidou , et al. , unpublished data ) .

According to our OEAS , the majority of ARVs should be allocated to HCFs in Durban , and the remaining ARVs should be allocated to the other HCFs throughout the province ( with two non-Durban HCFs receiving 5 % –15 % of the total ARVs and the remaining non-Durban HCFs each receiving less than 5 % of the total ARVs available ) .
according to our oeas , the majority of arvs should be allocated to hcfs in durban , and the [staying] arvs should be allocated to the other hcfs throughout the province ( with two non-durban hcfs receiving 5 % –15 % of the total arvs and the [staying] non-durban hcfs each receiving less than 5 % of the total arvs available ) .

Remaining ashes and shards were inelegantly deposited on a metal storage shelf in a lab , in a Styrofoam picnic basket labeled “ Colon ” in black marker , awaiting better tests [ 3 ] .
[staying] ashes and shards were inelegantly deposited on a metal storage shelf in a lab , in a styrofoam picnic basket labeled “ colon ” in black marker , awaiting better tests [ 3 ] .

In both phase I and II , participants taking non-nucleoside reverse-transcriptase inhibitors ( NNRTIs ) were instructed to stop them a day earlier than the remaining drugs in the regimen .
in both phase i and ii , participants taking non-nucleoside reverse-transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ) were instructed to stop them a day earlier than the [staying] drugs in the regimen .

Figure 3 ( top panel ) shows the probability of plasma HIV-1 RNA remaining less than 5,000 copies/ml for the two groups ( n = 21 per group ) .
figure 3 ( top panel ) shows the probability of plasma hiv-1 rna [staying] less than 5,000 copies/ml for the two groups ( n = 21 per group ) .

Of course , the remaining forest is thereby broken into fragments that continue to suffer incursions at their edges , as the cycle continues .
of course , the [staying] forest is thereby broken into fragments that continue to suffer incursions at their edges , as the cycle continues .

Indeed , it was shown that in the tumours in these predisposed patients , the remaining wild-type copy of the tumour suppressor gene was lost , a process referred to as loss of heterozygosity .
indeed , it was shown that in the tumours in these predisposed patients , the [staying] wild-type copy of the tumour suppressor gene was lost , a process referred to as loss of heterozygosity .

In two tumours , the researchers sequenced the complete coding region of the remaining wild-type allele and showed it was structurally intact .
in two tumours , the researchers sequenced the complete coding region of the [staying] wild-type allele and showed it was structurally intact .

Bergman and Siegal ( 2003 ) used data from the yeast Sacchromyces cerevisiae , in which each gene may be ‘ knocked out ’ in turn and the expression of the remaining genes determined , to demonstrate that their simulations also had application to biological gene networks .
bergman and siegal ( 2003 ) used data from the yeast sacchromyces cerevisiae , in which each gene may be ‘ knocked out ’ in turn and the expression of the [staying] genes determined , to demonstrate that their simulations also had application to biological gene networks .

Hopkins and Sun have since identified the remaining genes , and these point to a single pathway being involved in the human disease .
hopkins and sun have since identified the [staying] genes , and these point to a single pathway being involved in the human disease .

Incidence peaks between the ages of 9 and 15 mo , and falls in an approximately parallel fashion thereafter , for each of the seven most important serogroups ( which are those included in the seven-valent conjugate vaccine ) and for the remaining serogroups put together .
incidence peaks between the ages of 9 and 15 mo , and falls in an approximately parallel fashion thereafter , for each of the seven most important serogroups ( which are those included in the seven-valent conjugate vaccine ) and for the [staying] serogroups put together .

Similar RE assays were performed for the remaining clones from each patient selected for analysis .
similar re assays were performed for the [staying] clones from each patient selected for analysis .

In the remaining 70 % of the postings , group members provided each other with what amounted to a crash course in their shared disease , discussing topics such as the anatomy , physiology , and natural history of the disorder ; treatment options and management guidelines for each form of treatment ; and treatment side effects , medical self-management , the day-to-day practicalities of living with the disease , and the effects of their condition on family and friends ( Table 1 ) .
in the [staying] 70 % of the postings , group members provided each other with what amounted to a crash course in their shared disease , discussing topics such as the anatomy , physiology , and natural history of the disorder ; treatment options and management guidelines for each form of treatment ; and treatment side effects , medical self-management , the day-to-day practicalities of living with the disease , and the effects of their condition on family and friends ( table 1 ) .

If we keep our options open and learn to better utilize the reservoirs of natural variation that have been preserved in our gene banks and in the few remaining in situ populations of wild species and landrace varieties , an almost infinite array of novelty can be achieved using traditional , time-proven practices involving crossing and selection of genes that have withstood the test of evolutionary time ( Burbank 1914 ; Hawkes 1958 ; Rick 1967 ; Harlan 1975 , 1976 ; Peloquin 1983 ) .
if we keep our options open and learn to better utilize the reservoirs of natural variation that have been preserved in our gene banks and in the few [staying] in situ populations of wild species and landrace varieties , an almost infinite array of novelty can be achieved using traditional , time-proven practices involving crossing and selection of genes that have withstood the test of evolutionary time ( burbank 1914 ; hawkes 1958 ; rick 1967 ; harlan 1975 , 1976 ; peloquin 1983 ) .

The best protocol for this , also pioneered in Canada , the Edmonton protocol , uses ß-cells isolated from human cadavers and has shown some remarkable results with around 84 % of patients remaining insulin-free after one year and 89 % of patients still producing insulin after three years .
the best protocol for this , also pioneered in canada , the edmonton protocol , uses ß-cells isolated from human cadavers and has shown some remarkable results with around 84 % of patients [staying] insulin-free after one year and 89 % of patients still producing insulin after three years .

In an accompanying Perspective ( DOI : 10.1371/journal.pmed.0020180 ) , Jane Cleary-Goldman and Mary D'Alton agree that , despite the limitations of the study ( its retrospective nature , small numbers , and lack of dichorionic controls ) , it highlights a critical question for obstetricians , namely , “ when is the ideal gestational age to deliver apparently uncomplicated monochorionic twins ? ” As Cleary-Goldman and D'Alton discuss , at 32 weeks of gestation many of the risks associated with prematurity have abated , but the remaining ones are not negligible .
in an accompanying perspective ( doi : 10.1371/journal.pmed.0020180 ) , jane cleary-goldman and mary d'alton agree that , despite the limitations of the study ( its retrospective nature , small numbers , and lack of dichorionic controls ) , it highlights a critical question for obstetricians , namely , “ when is the ideal gestational age to deliver apparently uncomplicated monochorionic twins ? ” as cleary-goldman and d'alton discuss , at 32 weeks of gestation many of the risks associated with prematurity have abated , but the [staying] ones are not negligible .

The Mystery Plants face a trade-off between attracting pollinators and remaining hidden from flower parasites ( such as nectar robbers and seed predators ) .
the mystery plants face a trade-off between attracting pollinators and [staying] hidden from flower parasites ( such as nectar robbers and seed predators ) .

The remaining life expectancy of someone aged N in that year is more than this life expectancy minus N for two reasons : one mathematical ( what one actually wants , roughly , is the age to which the probability of survival is half that of survival to N ) and one biomedical ( mortality rates at each age , especially advanced ages , tend to fall with time ) .
the [staying] life expectancy of someone aged n in that year is more than this life expectancy minus n for two reasons : one mathematical ( what one actually wants , roughly , is the age to which the probability of survival is half that of survival to n ) and one biomedical ( mortality rates at each age , especially advanced ages , tend to fall with time ) .

An interesting scenario was thus unexplored : that in which mortality rates fall so fast that people 's remaining ( not merely total ) life expectancy increases with time .
an interesting scenario was thus unexplored : that in which mortality rates fall so fast that people 's [staying] ( not merely total ) life expectancy increases with time .

I term this rate of reduction of age-specific mortality risk ‘ actuarial escape velocity ’ ( AEV ) , because an individual 's remaining life expectancy is affected by aging and by improvements in life-extending therapy in a way qualitatively very similar to how the remaining life expectancy of someone jumping off a cliff is affected by , respectively , gravity and upward jet propulsion ( Figure 1 ) .
i term this rate of reduction of age-specific mortality risk ‘ actuarial escape velocity ’ ( aev ) , because an individual 's [staying] life expectancy is affected by aging and by improvements in life-extending therapy in a way qualitatively very similar to how the [staying] life expectancy of someone jumping off a cliff is affected by , respectively , gravity and upward jet propulsion ( figure 1 ) .

Figure 1 again illustrates this : those who get first-generation therapies only just in time will in fact be unlikely to live more than 20–30 years more than their parents , because they will spend many frail years with a short remaining life expectancy ( i.e. , a high risk of imminent death ) , whereas those only a little younger will never get that frail and will spend rather few years even in biological middle age .
figure 1 again illustrates this : those who get first-generation therapies only just in time will in fact be unlikely to live more than 20–30 years more than their parents , because they will spend many frail years with a short [staying] life expectancy ( i.e. , a high risk of imminent death ) , whereas those only a little younger will never get that frail and will spend rather few years even in biological middle age .

Those achievements , it seems to me , will have progressively worn down humanity 's evidently desperate determination to close its eyes to the prospect of defeating its foremost remaining scourge anytime soon .
those achievements , it seems to me , will have progressively worn down humanity 's evidently desperate determination to close its eyes to the prospect of defeating its foremost [staying] scourge anytime soon .

I think a conservative guess is a trebling of the remaining life span of mice of a long-lived strain that have reached two-thirds of their normal life span before treatment begins .
i think a conservative guess is a trebling of the [staying] life span of mice of a long-lived strain that have reached two-thirds of their normal life span before treatment begins .

Thus , even low-level viral replication is then sufficient to deplete the remaining central and peripheral reserves [ 12 ] .
thus , even low-level viral replication is then sufficient to deplete the [staying] central and peripheral reserves [ 12 ] .

The disease is asymptomatic or mild in approximately 80 % of infected patients , but the remaining 20 % have severe multisystem disease .
the disease is asymptomatic or mild in approximately 80 % of infected patients , but the [staying] 20 % have severe multisystem disease .

Nutrient supply , the team reasons , is the next most important determinant of metabolic rate , and will account for some of the remaining unexplained variation .
nutrient supply , the team reasons , is the next most important determinant of metabolic rate , and will account for some of the [staying] unexplained variation .

Is the disparity in scientific contributions between the developed and developing worlds actually remaining unchanged or even increasing , as Mr. Annan has implied ?
is the disparity in scientific contributions between the developed and developing worlds actually [staying] unchanged or even increasing , as mr. annan has implied ?

No researcher working in a Latin American institution was included in the remaining 6 % .
no researcher working in a latin american institution was included in the [staying] 6 % .

If the remaining 20 % of the glomeruli—and the olfactory receptor genes they represent—can subserve the functions of 1,100 genes , it implies that 350 genes in the human are more than enough to smell as well as a mouse .
if the [staying] 20 % of the glomeruli—and the olfactory receptor genes they represent—can subserve the functions of 1,100 genes , it implies that 350 genes in the human are more than enough to smell as well as a mouse .

Perhaps too much involvement led to a low degree grade in 1938 and no hope of remaining at Cambridge .
perhaps too much involvement led to a low degree grade in 1938 and no hope of [staying] at cambridge .

After two rounds of routing , synthesis , and selection , followed by DNA sequencing , the remaining oligonucleotides predominantly encoded the Tyr-Gly-Gly-Phe-Leu sequence or close variants thereof .
after two rounds of routing , synthesis , and selection , followed by dna sequencing , the [staying] oligonucleotides predominantly encoded the tyr-gly-gly-phe-leu sequence or close variants thereof .

While significant remaining challenges face efforts to develop and apply chemical translation , the promise of marrying evolution and organic synthesis is an irresistible combination for some researchers .
while significant [staying] challenges face efforts to develop and apply chemical translation , the promise of marrying evolution and organic synthesis is an irresistible combination for some researchers .

Thank you for your continued financial support , and for remaining alert for neighbors who need a helping hand .
thank you for your continued financial support , and for [staying] alert for neighbors who need a helping hand .

The IU School of Dentistry is committed to remaining the recognized leader in scholarly research , teaching and service .
the iu school of dentistry is committed to [staying] the recognized leader in scholarly research , teaching and service .

We rely on you and other generous friends to provide the remaining 38 percent .
we rely on you and other generous friends to provide the [staying] 38 percent .

As a result , 60 % of our budget comes from United Way of Central Indiana , 10 % from schools , and the remaining 30 % from the generosity of business , our own fundraising activities and individual gifts .
as a result , 60 % of our budget comes from united way of central indiana , 10 % from schools , and the [staying] 30 % from the generosity of business , our own fundraising activities and individual gifts .

There 's still time for you to take part by attending the remaining events and by making a gift to Herron in honor of its tremendous continuous influence on the Indianapolis art scene .
there 's still time for you to take part by attending the [staying] events and by making a gift to herron in honor of its tremendous continuous influence on the indianapolis art scene .

As a result , 60 % of our budget comes from United Way of Central Indiana , 10 % from schools , and the remaining 30 % from the generosity of business , our own fundraising activities and individual gifts .
as a result , 60 % of our budget comes from united way of central indiana , 10 % from schools , and the [staying] 30 % from the generosity of business , our own fundraising activities and individual gifts .

The struggle continues , because our remaining natural land wo n't be around much longer unless we work together to save it now .
the struggle continues , because our [staying] natural land wo n't be around much longer unless we work together to save it now .

The number of individual sirenians remaining in the world , perhaps 60,000 , is far smaller than that of any other mammalian order .
the number of individual sirenians [staying] in the world , perhaps 60,000 , is far smaller than that of any other mammalian order .

When the bloody lump rolled to the floor , Tim recognized the remaining profile from the night of sex at the Hotel Real Desert .
when the bloody lump rolled to the floor , tim recognized the [staying] profile from the night of sex at the hotel real desert .

The animal , allegedly orphaned in the wild although undoubtedly from its only remaining habitats around Gunung Kinabulu Park in Sabah .
the animal , allegedly orphaned in the wild although undoubtedly from its only [staying] habitats around gunung kinabulu park in sabah .

He never becomes absorbed into the art world and its black-clad poseurs , always remaining a glassy-eyed outsider .
he never becomes absorbed into the art world and its black-clad poseurs , always [staying] a glassy-eyed outsider .

Two years later , the men who went home are informed of what happened after they boarded the plane : Police discovered their leftover hashish ( purchased for a ridiculously low sum in American dollars and tossed into the garbage as they were leaving ) and imprisoned the remaining Yank .
two years later , the men who went home are informed of what happened after they boarded the plane : police discovered their leftover hashish ( purchased for a ridiculously low sum in american dollars and tossed into the garbage as they were leaving ) and imprisoned the [staying] yank .

The paper says that the White House and the Hill are close on a number of the remaining budget issues , including a Clinton plan to spend $ 1.1 billion to hire 100,000 new teachers .
the paper says that the white house and the hill are close on a number of the [staying] budget issues , including a clinton plan to spend $ 1.1 billion to hire 100,000 new teachers .

Even the new deadline may not be enough time for Congress to resolve all remaining issues .
even the new deadline may not be enough time for congress to resolve all [staying] issues .

The halt to air strikes in Iraq is reported to leave Saddam Hussein in power , U.N. weapons inspectors less likely than ever before to return , and the U.S. mapping a new strategy of `` containment '' against Iraq , with military forces remaining in the region indefinitely .
the halt to air strikes in iraq is reported to leave saddam hussein in power , u.n. weapons inspectors less likely than ever before to return , and the u.s. mapping a new strategy of `` containment '' against iraq , with military forces [staying] in the region indefinitely .

The three papers report that Arafat and Netanyahu , while remaining at the conference compound , have not met face-to-face for several days .
the three papers report that arafat and netanyahu , while [staying] at the conference compound , have not met face-to-face for several days .

With on-the-ground reportage and interviews , the LAT stresses the militant attitude of the Serbs remaining in Kosovo .
with on-the-ground reportage and interviews , the lat stresses the militant attitude of the serbs [staying] in kosovo .

According to Global 2000 , between 1975-2000 , `` the world 's remaining petroleum resources per capita can be expected to decline by at least 50 percent . ''
according to global 2000 , between 1975-2000 , `` the world 's [staying] petroleum resources per capita can be expected to decline by at least 50 percent . ''

Between 1975 and 2000 , the Third World will lose 40 percent of its remaining forest cover .
between 1975 and 2000 , the third world will lose 40 percent of its [staying] forest cover .

They threatened to blow up the plane , and its remaining 161 passengers , if India does not release a number of prisoners -- including the leader of a Kashmiri separatist movement jailed in 1994 .
they threatened to blow up the plane , and its [staying] 161 passengers , if india does not release a number of prisoners -- including the leader of a kashmiri separatist movement jailed in 1994 .

The NYT fronts the talks , while the remaining majors put them inside .
the nyt fronts the talks , while the [staying] majors put them inside .

The cover editorial chastises Americans for remaining loyal to President Clinton , calling their fidelity `` a mixture of opportunism and delusion . ''
the cover editorial chastises americans for [staying] loyal to president clinton , calling their fidelity `` a mixture of opportunism and delusion . ''

The Falcons upset the Minnesota Vikings 30-27 after 1 ) the Vikings ' kicker , who had n't missed a kick in 122 consecutive attempts , botched a field goal with two minutes remaining ; 2 ) the Falcons drove back down the field for the tying touchdown in the closing seconds ; and 3 ) the Falcons drove for the winning field goal in sudden-death overtime .
the falcons upset the minnesota vikings 30-27 after 1 ) the vikings ' kicker , who had n't missed a kick in 122 consecutive attempts , botched a field goal with two minutes [staying] ; 2 ) the falcons drove back down the field for the tying touchdown in the closing seconds ; and 3 ) the falcons drove for the winning field goal in sudden-death overtime .

The afternoon story says the chief remaining worry is not that Colombian coffee will be unavailable but that it wo n't be up to its usual quality .
the afternoon story says the chief [staying] worry is not that colombian coffee will be unavailable but that it wo n't be up to its usual quality .

You can select and delete all the articles you do n't want and print the whole remaining document .
you can select and delete all the articles you do n't want and print the whole [staying] document .

It will amount to about a third of my remaining nest egg ( most went to my university as a `` planned gift , '' for which I get a quarterly dividend ) .
it will amount to about a third of my [staying] nest egg ( most went to my university as a `` planned gift , '' for which i get a quarterly dividend ) .

The paper said Saturday that Clinton 's task in his remaining 18 months in office is to show that he has become a man .
the paper said saturday that clinton 's task in his [staying] 18 months in office is to show that he has become a man .

There was no visible raspberry jelly doughnut filling remaining at all .
there was no visible raspberry jelly doughnut filling [staying] at all .

The Beijing government has stifled every remaining dissident through exile , imprisonment , or intimidation .
the beijing government has stifled every [staying] dissident through exile , imprisonment , or intimidation .

The fashion house 's first new collection since the murder of its founder , Gianni Versace , is praised for remaining true to his high-camp vision of style .
the fashion house 's first new collection since the murder of its founder , gianni versace , is praised for [staying] true to his high-camp vision of style .

Conservatives , meanwhile , accuse him of turning out `` agitprop for a politics whose few remaining adherents know nothing of America except Beverly Hills '' ( John Podhoretz , the Weekly Standard ) .
conservatives , meanwhile , accuse him of turning out `` agitprop for a politics whose few [staying] adherents know nothing of america except beverly hills '' ( john podhoretz , the weekly standard ) .

I suspect the world is divided between people who tune it out and people who are driven crazy by it , with a small remaining percentage who agree with it .
i suspect the world is divided between people who tune it out and people who are driven crazy by it , with a small [staying] percentage who agree with it .

The only real difference between the two accounts is that the LAT stresses remaining strains in the relationship a bit more , noting this in the big type of its headline , and also mentions the spurning of Albright 's requests for renewed visits to China by U.S. naval vessels and for resuming talks regarding the nonproliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
the only real difference between the two accounts is that the lat stresses [staying] strains in the relationship a bit more , noting this in the big type of its headline , and also mentions the spurning of albright 's requests for renewed visits to china by u.s. naval vessels and for resuming talks regarding the nonproliferation of weapons of mass destruction .

During AT , the teams could be restructured once , at the beginning , and then remain stable through the remaining portion of training .
during at , the teams could be restructured once , at the beginning , and then remain stable through the [staying] portion of training .

Weisberg 's technique is to selectively choose those titles from each critic that illustrate his point , while remaining deliberately oblivious to reviews by the same critic that would weaken it .
weisberg 's technique is to selectively choose those titles from each critic that illustrate his point , while [staying] deliberately oblivious to reviews by the same critic that would weaken it .

Any remaining reluctance was dashed when he greeted her return with the news that he had purchased a small brick and stonework house she had admired .
any [staying] reluctance was dashed when he greeted her return with the news that he had purchased a small brick and stonework house she had admired .

There are other reasons that wrecks cause fan excitement -- e.g. , remaining cars must continue racing to the start/finish line ; it releases tension built up over long green-flag runs .
there are other reasons that wrecks cause fan excitement -- e.g. , [staying] cars must continue racing to the start/finish line ; it releases tension built up over long green-flag runs .

Remaining an enigma lets her retain the benefit of the doubt .
[staying] an enigma lets her retain the benefit of the doubt .

That permits prediction of the remaining duration of the present phase and the coming of the next phase .
that permits prediction of the [staying] duration of the present phase and the coming of the next phase .

What Greenspan is hoping is that Congress will allocate no more for new tax cuts or spending than it can cover with the remaining taxes . )
what greenspan is hoping is that congress will allocate no more for new tax cuts or spending than it can cover with the [staying] taxes . )

The killings of the 14 Serbian farmers look to be a case of classic terrorism with a clear political aim -- scaring the remaining Serbs out of Kosovo .
the killings of the 14 serbian farmers look to be a case of classic terrorism with a clear political aim -- scaring the [staying] serbs out of kosovo .

The Globe , for starters , details not one but two exorcisms underway this month : one performed on Burke Ramsey , the brother of murdered child beauty queen JonBenet Ramsey , to `` rid [ him ] of any remaining memories '' from the murder ; and one on Mötley Crüe drummer Tommy Lee .
the globe , for starters , details not one but two exorcisms underway this month : one performed on burke ramsey , the brother of murdered child beauty queen jonbenet ramsey , to `` rid [ him ] of any [staying] memories '' from the murder ; and one on mötley crüe drummer tommy lee .

Professor Summerhill continued to be billed , but one thing he did not receive in the mail was a rebate on one of the two remaining phones , part of a special promotion he signed up for .
professor summerhill continued to be billed , but one thing he did not receive in the mail was a rebate on one of the two [staying] phones , part of a special promotion he signed up for .

The most widely used method is random-digit dialing , in which the first six digits of a telephone number are selected to allow for every region to be well represented , while the remaining four digits are dialed at random .
the most widely used method is random-digit dialing , in which the first six digits of a telephone number are selected to allow for every region to be well represented , while the [staying] four digits are dialed at random .

He has threatened to veto the five remaining appropriations bills in the 2000 budget because of Republicans ' proposed cuts in social programs .
he has threatened to veto the five [staying] appropriations bills in the 2000 budget because of republicans ' proposed cuts in social programs .

Only a few lonely dentists would survive to fill the few remaining cavities , the last vestiges of a once-great civilization on Long Island .
only a few lonely dentists would survive to fill the few [staying] cavities , the last vestiges of a once-great civilization on long island .

Admitting that it will be difficult to persuade groups such as Falintil to disarm while Indonesian troops remain , the paper said , `` When the last Indonesian soldier has left East Timor , the rationale for the guerillas remaining a fighting force will be gone as well .
admitting that it will be difficult to persuade groups such as falintil to disarm while indonesian troops remain , the paper said , `` when the last indonesian soldier has left east timor , the rationale for the guerillas [staying] a fighting force will be gone as well .

Observers worried that 1 ) remaining Serbs will now flee Kosovo ; 2 ) the murders , which happened within earshot of NATO troops , demonstrate the ineffectiveness of the peacekeeping mission ; and 3 ) they demonstrate the ineffectiveness of NATO 's entire campaign , since ethnic Albanians and Serbs are still killing each other .
observers worried that 1 ) [staying] serbs will now flee kosovo ; 2 ) the murders , which happened within earshot of nato troops , demonstrate the ineffectiveness of the peacekeeping mission ; and 3 ) they demonstrate the ineffectiveness of nato 's entire campaign , since ethnic albanians and serbs are still killing each other .

In any case , Prudie hopes you prevail in court and that Kitty 's remaining eight lives will be uneventful .
in any case , prudie hopes you prevail in court and that kitty 's [staying] eight lives will be uneventful .

Even for the young the remaining days are few .
even for the young the [staying] days are few .

Of the remaining 108 channels that had some content , 56 were showing movies , 45 for free , and 11 for pay .
of the [staying] 108 channels that had some content , 56 were showing movies , 45 for free , and 11 for pay .

When Reagan returns to his `` tax program '' in an interview , Morris tells us that `` my heart sank , and I mentally deducted 10 minutes from the time remaining . ''
when reagan returns to his `` tax program '' in an interview , morris tells us that `` my heart sank , and i mentally deducted 10 minutes from the time [staying] . ''

If you tuned in to C-SPAN , you got to see what all the remaining minor characters were up to .
if you tuned in to c-span , you got to see what all the [staying] minor characters were up to .

The only real remaining mystery , say the study 's authors : What 's the blacked-out country alphabetically between Canada and Cuba that had U.S. nukes foisted on it between 1956 and 1965 ?
the only real [staying] mystery , say the study 's authors : what 's the blacked-out country alphabetically between canada and cuba that had u.s. nukes foisted on it between 1956 and 1965 ?

Are the remaining 8 percent more likely to vote for Giuliani because of his affair ?
are the [staying] 8 percent more likely to vote for giuliani because of his affair ?

There bottom feeders wait patiently to scavenge the remaining scraps .
there bottom feeders wait patiently to scavenge the [staying] scraps .

While Plotz is right that the number of challenges remaining seems to be decreasing -- it could hardly increase -- I find it almost impossible to believe that previous record-setters were driven by the kind of practical , commercial concerns that Plotz ascribes to Ferdinand Magellan and Dick Rutan .
while plotz is right that the number of challenges [staying] seems to be decreasing -- it could hardly increase -- i find it almost impossible to believe that previous record-setters were driven by the kind of practical , commercial concerns that plotz ascribes to ferdinand magellan and dick rutan .

Says U.S. News , the election outcomes will directly determine whether impeachment proceeding are dropped and whether Clinton can set any agenda in his remaining two years in office .
says u.s. news , the election outcomes will directly determine whether impeachment proceeding are dropped and whether clinton can set any agenda in his [staying] two years in office .

A disheveled dandy , his two daughters , and his dog , all facing in different directions and wedged into one corner of a picture , while the broad expanse of the Place de la Concorde takes up the remaining space .
a disheveled dandy , his two daughters , and his dog , all facing in different directions and wedged into one corner of a picture , while the broad expanse of the place de la concorde takes up the [staying] space .

How will the admissions office select from that group to fill its remaining 1,000 places ?
how will the admissions office select from that group to fill its [staying] 1,000 places ?

The remaining mystery is whether some other person , group , or country funded and orchestrated the bombing .
the [staying] mystery is whether some other person , group , or country funded and orchestrated the bombing .

Arizona is the spoiler , having ousted tournament favorite Kansas and the only remaining dark horse , Providence , which was led by the memorable point guard God Shammgod .
arizona is the spoiler , having ousted tournament favorite kansas and the only [staying] dark horse , providence , which was led by the memorable point guard god shammgod .

Chatterbox wanders off into El Nino in search of the sole remaining copy of Leaves of Grass in the National Capital Area to send to `` Susan '' at Index Publishing Group in San Diego .
chatterbox wanders off into el nino in search of the sole [staying] copy of leaves of grass in the national capital area to send to `` susan '' at index publishing group in san diego .

Would that be the same Evelyn Lincoln who after JFK 's death , according to Slate 's David Plotz , `` circulated stories that Jackie had had adulterous trysts in the White House '' and `` spent the remaining 32 years badmouthing LBJ and Jackie ... '' ?
would that be the same evelyn lincoln who after jfk 's death , according to slate 's david plotz , `` circulated stories that jackie had had adulterous trysts in the white house '' and `` spent the [staying] 32 years badmouthing lbj and jackie ... '' ?

The USAT lead goes high with the U.N. 's decision , driven by a fear of abandoning East Timor to murdering militias , to buy some time by delaying until Friday the planned evacuation of its remaining personnel from East Timor .
the usat lead goes high with the u.n. 's decision , driven by a fear of abandoning east timor to murdering militias , to buy some time by delaying until friday the planned evacuation of its [staying] personnel from east timor .

New York leftists ' lone remaining cause is income inequality , but they do n't know what to do about it .
new york leftists ' lone [staying] cause is income inequality , but they do n't know what to do about it .

The nonstop , around-the-world balloon flight is the only remaining aviation milestone .
the nonstop , around-the-world balloon flight is the only [staying] aviation milestone .

By leaving Medicare , Social Security , and other entitlements unreformed , he argues , when a recession hits , Congress will be forced to all but dismantle the remaining part of government -- '' all the things liberals love . ''
by leaving medicare , social security , and other entitlements unreformed , he argues , when a recession hits , congress will be forced to all but dismantle the [staying] part of government -- '' all the things liberals love . ''

The NYT budget story warns that there is still no agreement over environmental spending , abortion , and U.N. finances , but the Post , LAT , and Wall Street Journal are optimistic that a budget deal is around the corner ( the Journal says the GOP will try to wrap all remaining appropriations into a $ 390 billion package to be voted on as early as next week ) .
the nyt budget story warns that there is still no agreement over environmental spending , abortion , and u.n. finances , but the post , lat , and wall street journal are optimistic that a budget deal is around the corner ( the journal says the gop will try to wrap all [staying] appropriations into a $ 390 billion package to be voted on as early as next week ) .

Let 's suppose that at 25 percent favoring impeachment , one out of 15 of the remaining 75 percent believes that having a quarter of the population wishing him impeached makes the president dangerously ineffective .
let 's suppose that at 25 percent favoring impeachment , one out of 15 of the [staying] 75 percent believes that having a quarter of the population wishing him impeached makes the president dangerously ineffective .

Of the remaining 70 percent , one in 14 thinks that 30 percent favoring impeachment is too much for effective governance , and thus the next poll publicizes the news that 35 percent of voters think Clinton should go .
of the [staying] 70 percent , one in 14 thinks that 30 percent favoring impeachment is too much for effective governance , and thus the next poll publicizes the news that 35 percent of voters think clinton should go .

If an equal number of pragmatic voters ( now one in 13 of the remaining Clinton supporters ) think that 35 percent is enough -- they 'll flip , and the next poll will show that 40 percent of voters think impeachment is warranted .
if an equal number of pragmatic voters ( now one in 13 of the [staying] clinton supporters ) think that 35 percent is enough -- they 'll flip , and the next poll will show that 40 percent of voters think impeachment is warranted .

The LAT `` Column One '' article reports that the drive for freedom is rattling the world 's largest remaining holdout of feudal serfdom .
the lat `` column one '' article reports that the drive for freedom is rattling the world 's largest [staying] holdout of feudal serfdom .

With his remaining resources , he 's running a new TV commercial that takes a witty shot at George W. Bush and Steve Forbes .
with his [staying] resources , he 's running a new tv commercial that takes a witty shot at george w. bush and steve forbes .

The rest of the British press was largely taken up Monday with fresh argument about the future of the monarchy after Demos , a think tank close to the Tony Blair government , published a report proposing the removal of the queen 's last remaining powers and a referendum to decide if Prince Charles should be allowed to succeed her .
the rest of the british press was largely taken up monday with fresh argument about the future of the monarchy after demos , a think tank close to the tony blair government , published a report proposing the removal of the queen 's last [staying] powers and a referendum to decide if prince charles should be allowed to succeed her .

When Member of the Knesset Shmuel Halpert ( United Torah Judaism ) described the invitation to Arafat as `` a desecration of the memory of the murdered in the Holocaust , the trampling of Jewish honor and the abuse of the remaining survivors , '' Saleh Saleem ( Hadash ) yelled back , `` If you had been alive during the Holocaust , you would have been on the side of the Nazis . ''
when member of the knesset shmuel halpert ( united torah judaism ) described the invitation to arafat as `` a desecration of the memory of the murdered in the holocaust , the trampling of jewish honor and the abuse of the [staying] survivors , '' saleh saleem ( hadash ) yelled back , `` if you had been alive during the holocaust , you would have been on the side of the nazis . ''

The U.S. delegation would be sleeping in 265 of the hotel 's 310 rooms , with the remaining rooms being converted into temporary offices .
the u.s. delegation would be sleeping in 265 of the hotel 's 310 rooms , with the [staying] rooms being converted into temporary offices .

The WSJ sees interest rates and unemployment rates remaining unchanged over the next year .
the wsj sees interest rates and unemployment rates [staying] unchanged over the next year .

The coming original-instrument performances of the remaining concertos from Levin and Gardiner promise to be revelatory .
the coming original-instrument performances of the [staying] concertos from levin and gardiner promise to be revelatory .

The Deloitte & Touche advisers who promised to turn a company into `` a world-class manufacturer in 10 to 12 weeks '' while remaining unable to explain what `` world-class '' meant ; the Andersen consultants whose fee was set by how many jobs they eliminated ; the Bain consultant who got himself appointed controller of the company he was counseling -- they 're all here , and they 're all preposterous .
the deloitte & touche advisers who promised to turn a company into `` a world-class manufacturer in 10 to 12 weeks '' while [staying] unable to explain what `` world-class '' meant ; the andersen consultants whose fee was set by how many jobs they eliminated ; the bain consultant who got himself appointed controller of the company he was counseling -- they 're all here , and they 're all preposterous .

She is frightened to death of her remaining children , whom she suspects of plotting to murder her .
she is frightened to death of her [staying] children , whom she suspects of plotting to murder her .

An article looks at one of the remaining '60s communes , which has survived by making hammocks .
an article looks at one of the [staying] '60s communes , which has survived by making hammocks .

They will demand evidence that you have enough capital to make up any likely losses , plus extra compensation for the remaining risk .
they will demand evidence that you have enough capital to make up any likely losses , plus extra compensation for the [staying] risk .

For the remaining puzzle is why the world provided LTCM with so much money to lose .
for the [staying] puzzle is why the world provided ltcm with so much money to lose .

Imagine that , several years hence , Slate is trying to decide among micropayments , subscriptions , and remaining free .
imagine that , several years hence , slate is trying to decide among micropayments , subscriptions , and [staying] free .

After the captain briefly leaves the cockpit , the voice recorder reveals , the remaining co-pilot says , `` Tawakilt ala Allah , '' which means , roughly , `` I put my faith in God . ''
after the captain briefly leaves the cockpit , the voice recorder reveals , the [staying] co-pilot says , `` tawakilt ala allah , '' which means , roughly , `` i put my faith in god . ''

The translation that Kinski made himself in 1988 -- I found one remaining copy in the New York Public Library -- was more arch , cold , stylish .
the translation that kinski made himself in 1988 -- i found one [staying] copy in the new york public library -- was more arch , cold , stylish .

What we do with the remaining 55 minutes is a mystery to me . )
what we do with the [staying] 55 minutes is a mystery to me . )

It was late summer , and there still were many days and nights of sports remaining before school started again .
it was late summer , and there still were many days and nights of sports [staying] before school started again .

The NYT reports that Seattle will drop all but 40 remaining misdemeanor charges against WTO protestors .
the nyt reports that seattle will drop all but 40 [staying] misdemeanor charges against wto protestors .

USA Today goes with Bill Gates ' announcement that , while remaining chairman of Microsoft , he 's handing over CEO duties to long-time associate Steve Ballmer .
usa today goes with bill gates ' announcement that , while [staying] chairman of microsoft , he 's handing over ceo duties to long-time associate steve ballmer .

The main remaining fill-in is how much equity in the franchise Jordan will get .
the main [staying] fill-in is how much equity in the franchise jordan will get .

What it does mean , though , is that commoditization does its work not by becoming a reality ( which would entail ever-shrinking margins and stagnant stock prices ) but by remaining a perpetually present threat .
what it does mean , though , is that commoditization does its work not by becoming a reality ( which would entail ever-shrinking margins and stagnant stock prices ) but by [staying] a perpetually present threat .

If UPR were to gain control , it would buy up the remaining shares at market price .
if upr were to gain control , it would buy up the [staying] shares at market price .

In its latest offer the company said it would reinstate 110 of these , and the fate of the remaining 50 would be placed in the hands of independent arbitrators .
in its latest offer the company said it would reinstate 110 of these , and the fate of the [staying] 50 would be placed in the hands of independent arbitrators .

After an hour , I staunch the bleeding and ask them to mail me my remaining 30 beans .
after an hour , i staunch the bleeding and ask them to mail me my [staying] 30 beans .

Therefore the $ 100 claimant gets $ 50 , and the $ 125 claimant gets the remaining $ 75 .
therefore the $ 100 claimant gets $ 50 , and the $ 125 claimant gets the [staying] $ 75 .

If we wanted to use one variable to predict whether a nation is involved in Huntingon 's Sinic-Islamic `` connection , '' we 'd be better off knowing whether it 's one of the four remaining Communist dictatorships than knowing whether it 's one of the five Sinic nations ( 50 percent predictive power vs. 40 percent ) .
if we wanted to use one variable to predict whether a nation is involved in huntingon 's sinic-islamic `` connection , '' we 'd be better off knowing whether it 's one of the four [staying] communist dictatorships than knowing whether it 's one of the five sinic nations ( 50 percent predictive power vs. 40 percent ) .

The remaining shares would be issued to the public .
the [staying] shares would be issued to the public .

The opinion mafia agrees that the remaining mainstream candidates in the GOP race -- Alexander , Quayle , and Dole -- are in free-fall and must win big in next month 's Iowa straw poll .
the opinion mafia agrees that the [staying] mainstream candidates in the gop race -- alexander , quayle , and dole -- are in free-fall and must win big in next month 's iowa straw poll .

Analysts differed as to whether the concessions would make a settlement more likely or increase the hijackers ' determination to achieve their remaining demand .
analysts differed as to whether the concessions would make a settlement more likely or increase the hijackers ' determination to achieve their [staying] demand .

The third stage is the battle over the remaining issue : health care .
the third stage is the battle over the [staying] issue : health care .

According to the Daily Telegraph , the Tesco chain has been told by a psychologist `` that the current preference for smaller busts -- epitomized by the model Kate Moss and the actress Gwyneth Paltrow -- was the reason why the traditional big , fleshy melons were remaining unsold . ''
according to the daily telegraph , the tesco chain has been told by a psychologist `` that the current preference for smaller busts -- epitomized by the model kate moss and the actress gwyneth paltrow -- was the reason why the traditional big , fleshy melons were [staying] unsold . ''

She was acquitted of obstructing Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr 's investigation ( by refusing to testify against the Clintons ) and got a mistrial on the remaining charges of criminal contempt because the jury was deadlocked .
she was acquitted of obstructing independent counsel kenneth starr 's investigation ( by refusing to testify against the clintons ) and got a mistrial on the [staying] charges of criminal contempt because the jury was deadlocked .

By suggesting that the cultural causes of violence were being sufficiently addressed , they sought to shift attention and pressure to the remaining factor : guns .
by suggesting that the cultural causes of violence were being sufficiently addressed , they sought to shift attention and pressure to the [staying] factor : guns .

The one remaining question is that of currency speculation -- fear of speculators , not the desire for efficiency , is what has led Argentina to talk seriously about replacing pesos with dollars and made dollarization at least a topic of discussion elsewhere in Latin America .
the one [staying] question is that of currency speculation -- fear of speculators , not the desire for efficiency , is what has led argentina to talk seriously about replacing pesos with dollars and made dollarization at least a topic of discussion elsewhere in latin america .

The low-key coverage of the event reflected several pre-established media themes : a ) Steele is a `` peripheral '' figure hounded by a vindictive special prosecutor , Kenneth Starr ; b ) the Steele trial is a pathetic coda to Flytrap 's now-finished symphony ( `` Starr 's Last Gasps , '' says Time ) ; and c ) the sole remaining function of the case is to help determine the credibility of Kathleen Willey , the Richmond , Va. , socialite who accuses President Clinton of crudely groping her near the Oval Office in 1993 .
the low-key coverage of the event reflected several pre-established media themes : a ) steele is a `` peripheral '' figure hounded by a vindictive special prosecutor , kenneth starr ; b ) the steele trial is a pathetic coda to flytrap 's now-finished symphony ( `` starr 's last gasps , '' says time ) ; and c ) the sole [staying] function of the case is to help determine the credibility of kathleen willey , the richmond , va. , socialite who accuses president clinton of crudely groping her near the oval office in 1993 .

Then , after nine years in which Beth and her husband , Pat ( Treat Williams ) , achieve a queasy normalcy with their remaining two children , a 12-year-old boy ( Ryan Merriman ) shows up at their door offering to cut their lawn for money .
then , after nine years in which beth and her husband , pat ( treat williams ) , achieve a queasy normalcy with their [staying] two children , a 12-year-old boy ( ryan merriman ) shows up at their door offering to cut their lawn for money .

The remaining crossings will get upgraded warning systems including , in some cases , gates that block all four lanes of the road .
the [staying] crossings will get upgraded warning systems including , in some cases , gates that block all four lanes of the road .

The Independent of London led Monday , for example , on an agreement between the United States and Britain to use ground troops `` to drive the remaining Serb forces from Kosovo '' in either a `` permissive '' or `` non-permissive '' environment .
the independent of london led monday , for example , on an agreement between the united states and britain to use ground troops `` to drive the [staying] serb forces from kosovo '' in either a `` permissive '' or `` non-permissive '' environment .

Few people born after 1950 had heard of it , despite its remaining in print until Folkways Records dissolved when its owner , Moe Asch , died in the mid-1980s .
few people born after 1950 had heard of it , despite its [staying] in print until folkways records dissolved when its owner , moe asch , died in the mid-1980s .

One of the few remaining ways to obtain a coveted `` downward departure '' -- a sentence below the official range -- is through cooperation with the government .
one of the few [staying] ways to obtain a coveted `` downward departure '' -- a sentence below the official range -- is through cooperation with the government .

The remaining 74 percent process tax returns , provide help to taxpayers , and carry out other administrative and adjudicative functions .
the [staying] 74 percent process tax returns , provide help to taxpayers , and carry out other administrative and adjudicative functions .

The controversy rests on two remaining issues : finding a plausible description of the illness and finding evidence that the low-level toxic exposures could cause it .
the controversy rests on two [staying] issues : finding a plausible description of the illness and finding evidence that the low-level toxic exposures could cause it .

Virtually any remaining body part -- a bone , a tooth -- will do .
virtually any [staying] body part -- a bone , a tooth -- will do .

Assuming that Lott does not persuade any of the bill 's four Republican supporters -- John McCain , Thompson , Susan Collins , and Arlen Specter -- he would need all 51 of his remaining team members to win the vote .
assuming that lott does not persuade any of the bill 's four republican supporters -- john mccain , thompson , susan collins , and arlen specter -- he would need all 51 of his [staying] team members to win the vote .

What is largely Alexander 's doing , however , is that the remaining grants reflect not a serious commitment to high culture in America but a kind of passive , middlebrow populism .
what is largely alexander 's doing , however , is that the [staying] grants reflect not a serious commitment to high culture in america but a kind of passive , middlebrow populism .

The little direct support remaining is geared to sound inoffensive .
the little direct support [staying] is geared to sound inoffensive .

The Washington Post groaned that Burton `` once again lived up to his caricature '' as an overzealous idiot and pointed out that his real crime has been to distract attention from the transcripts , which indicate that White House `` emissaries '' encouraged Hubbell and his wife to fear their livelihood depended on remaining silent about the Clintons ' roles in Whitewater .
the washington post groaned that burton `` once again lived up to his caricature '' as an overzealous idiot and pointed out that his real crime has been to distract attention from the transcripts , which indicate that white house `` emissaries '' encouraged hubbell and his wife to fear their livelihood depended on [staying] silent about the clintons ' roles in whitewater .

Editorialists , who do not depend on the press secretary 's good graces , pointed out that McCurry has helped Clinton stonewall the Lewinsky scandal to death while deliberately remaining ignorant of tawdry facts in order to preserve his image of candor and nobility .
editorialists , who do not depend on the press secretary 's good graces , pointed out that mccurry has helped clinton stonewall the lewinsky scandal to death while deliberately [staying] ignorant of tawdry facts in order to preserve his image of candor and nobility .

Most of the world 's remaining monarchs possess a number of colorful inherited titles ( `` Defender of the Faith '' in Great Britain , `` Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques '' in Saudi Arabia ) , but these are functional designations and little more than quaint vestigial appendages , like a whale 's arms .
most of the world 's [staying] monarchs possess a number of colorful inherited titles ( `` defender of the faith '' in great britain , `` custodian of the two holy mosques '' in saudi arabia ) , but these are functional designations and little more than quaint vestigial appendages , like a whale 's arms .

There 's also mention of a White House study 's conclusion that about 40 percent of the decline in welfare rolls is attributable to the economy , with 31 percent based on state welfare policy changes , and the remaining 29 percent being caused by `` other factors . ''
there 's also mention of a white house study 's conclusion that about 40 percent of the decline in welfare rolls is attributable to the economy , with 31 percent based on state welfare policy changes , and the [staying] 29 percent being caused by `` other factors . ''

The FTC seems inclined to steer a middle course : Permit the merger , on condition that Office Behemoth sell off 63 superstores to the remaining competitor , Office Max .
the ftc seems inclined to steer a middle course : permit the merger , on condition that office behemoth sell off 63 superstores to the [staying] competitor , office max .

Three of the four remaining skulls ( one belonging to a woman , all believed to be Vietnamese ) also underwent what is euphemistically known as `` post-mortem decorative treatment . ''
three of the four [staying] skulls ( one belonging to a woman , all believed to be vietnamese ) also underwent what is euphemistically known as `` post-mortem decorative treatment . ''

The remaining states would be grouped into four regions : East , South , Midwest , and West .
the [staying] states would be grouped into four regions : east , south , midwest , and west .

The $ 32 billion bank merger of Wells Fargo and Norwest leads at the LAT , which also features top of the page pictures of the three remaining Beatles together in London at the Linda McCartney memorial service .
the $ 32 billion bank merger of wells fargo and norwest leads at the lat , which also features top of the page pictures of the three [staying] beatles together in london at the linda mccartney memorial service .

The general consensus is that the public 's support for President Clinton 's remaining in office has withstood the airing of his grand jury testimony and indeed , has even grown a bit stronger .
the general consensus is that the public 's support for president clinton 's [staying] in office has withstood the airing of his grand jury testimony and indeed , has even grown a bit stronger .

The replacement of animal power by motors has vastly changed social life in many ways ; yet language is conservative , and horse words have survived the loss of horses very well , remaining in the general vocabulary to be widely used without horsey associations even among people who have nothing to do with horses .
the replacement of animal power by motors has vastly changed social life in many ways ; yet language is conservative , and horse words have survived the loss of horses very well , [staying] in the general vocabulary to be widely used without horsey associations even among people who have nothing to do with horses .

Peg-Tankards , of which I have seen a few still remaining in Derbyshire , have in the inside a row of eight pins one above another , from top to bottom ; the tankards hold two quarts , so that there is a gill of ale , i.e. , half a pint Winchester measure , between each pin .
peg-tankards , of which i have seen a few still [staying] in derbyshire , have in the inside a row of eight pins one above another , from top to bottom ; the tankards hold two quarts , so that there is a gill of ale , i.e. , half a pint winchester measure , between each pin .

French names for foods are common : poulet frit fried chicken Kentucky ; moules mussels ; frites French fries ; poutine French fries with curd cheese and gravy ( named after a Colonel Poutine who was in charge of provisions at the Siege of Quebec in 1749 ; at the end , the only stores remaining were potatoes , cheese , and chicken stock ; local folk etymology has it from putain , putanesca ) ; aubergine eggplant ( the usual word in Britain ) ; jarret de boeuf shin of beef ; caribou a fortified sweet wine , etc .
french names for foods are common : poulet frit fried chicken kentucky ; moules mussels ; frites french fries ; poutine french fries with curd cheese and gravy ( named after a colonel poutine who was in charge of provisions at the siege of quebec in 1749 ; at the end , the only stores [staying] were potatoes , cheese , and chicken stock ; local folk etymology has it from putain , putanesca ) ; aubergine eggplant ( the usual word in britain ) ; jarret de boeuf shin of beef ; caribou a fortified sweet wine , etc .

It may be a sop for the few remaining grizzled veterans , sweating out their pensions in the corners of the world 's city rooms at papers taken over by Perrier-quaffing yuppies .
it may be a sop for the few [staying] grizzled veterans , sweating out their pensions in the corners of the world 's city rooms at papers taken over by perrier-quaffing yuppies .

There appears to be nothing remaining to prompt people to use usage books -- indeed , reference books of any kind .
there appears to be nothing [staying] to prompt people to use usage books -- indeed , reference books of any kind .

The remaining 20 percent are either invented ( laser , bogus , splurge ) or have been borrowed from more than 200 other languages or dialects from Arabic to Zulu .
the [staying] 20 percent are either invented ( laser , bogus , splurge ) or have been borrowed from more than 200 other languages or dialects from arabic to zulu .

Even the permissive Merriam-Webster III , while remaining tight-lipped about usage , condescends to offer see IMPLY at definition 4 of infer .
even the permissive merriam-webster iii , while [staying] tight-lipped about usage , condescends to offer see imply at definition 4 of infer .

Each step of the way the reader is increasingly persuaded that Bernard has taken the right road , but I shall leave the remaining details of the expedition to buyers of the book .
each step of the way the reader is increasingly persuaded that bernard has taken the right road , but i shall leave the [staying] details of the expedition to buyers of the book .

Recent reports in the popular press have hinted that a name change may be in the works for South Africa , with the possible remaining of that nation as “ Azania. ” This is the country that once went by the name of Zuid Afrika -- an important and well-known region of which is Zululand ( also known by its ethnic name of Kwa Zulu ) .
recent reports in the popular press have hinted that a name change may be in the works for south africa , with the possible [staying] of that nation as “ azania. ” this is the country that once went by the name of zuid afrika -- an important and well-known region of which is zululand ( also known by its ethnic name of kwa zulu ) .

Were it possible to record and identify all of the current place names ( the Place Name Survey of the United States , under the direction of the American Name Society , is attempting just this ) , still remaining would be hundreds of thousands of now inactive names , which are of no less importance to historians , genealogists , and the like .
were it possible to record and identify all of the current place names ( the place name survey of the united states , under the direction of the american name society , is attempting just this ) , still [staying] would be hundreds of thousands of now inactive names , which are of no less importance to historians , genealogists , and the like .

However , it would seem that , because of recent developments in court surface technology , lawn tennis , which up to 1975 was an umbrella designation for a game played on a variety of surfaces , should be restricted to the few remaining clubs , such as Wimbledon , that maintain grass courts .
however , it would seem that , because of recent developments in court surface technology , lawn tennis , which up to 1975 was an umbrella designation for a game played on a variety of surfaces , should be restricted to the few [staying] clubs , such as wimbledon , that maintain grass courts .

I have lived in Mexico and Chile and have traveled extensively in Argentina , Bolivia , Paraguay , Peru , and Uruguay , remaining constantly on guard lest an expression acceptable in one country slip out in a country where it is not acceptable !
i have lived in mexico and chile and have traveled extensively in argentina , bolivia , paraguay , peru , and uruguay , [staying] constantly on guard lest an expression acceptable in one country slip out in a country where it is not acceptable !

Complicating matters even more , in 1907 another chemist , George Urbain , discovered that the remaining element was actually two .
complicating matters even more , in 1907 another chemist , george urbain , discovered that the [staying] element was actually two .

The remaining essays are organized into groups , four general essays on Boswell and eighteenth-century Scottish culture , four essays on contexts for the Life of Johnson , and five essays on features of the biography itself .
the [staying] essays are organized into groups , four general essays on boswell and eighteenth-century scottish culture , four essays on contexts for the life of johnson , and five essays on features of the biography itself .

These important practices grew out of a popular mass movement composed by King Martin Luther , the only man ever to be awarded ninety-five masters degrees , after writing as many theses , and were inspired by the Seville Shepherds , who were led by Seville herself , a woman with six hundred ninety-three distinct personalities , all but at most a very few of which were entirely unaware of the existence of most but not nearly all of the remaining others .
these important practices grew out of a popular mass movement composed by king martin luther , the only man ever to be awarded ninety-five masters degrees , after writing as many theses , and were inspired by the seville shepherds , who were led by seville herself , a woman with six hundred ninety-three distinct personalities , all but at most a very few of which were entirely unaware of the existence of most but not nearly all of the [staying] others .

Soundex works mostly by ignoring the vowels in a name and assigning an alphanumeric code to the name based on the remaining consonants .
soundex works mostly by ignoring the vowels in a name and assigning an alphanumeric code to the name based on the [staying] consonants .

