The remainder of the 4-year college requirement would be in general subjects .
the [rest] of the 4-year college requirement would be in general subjects .

The new fees are expected to raise an additional $740,000 in the remainder of 1961 and $2,330,000 more a year after that .
the new fees are expected to raise an additional $740,000 in the [rest] of 1961 and $2,330,000 more a year after that .

In the 12 months ended in February , 1960 , the highway earned enough to cover 64 per cent of its interest load -- with the remainder paid out of initial reserves .
in the 12 months ended in february , 1960 , the highway earned enough to cover 64 per cent of its interest load -- with the [rest] paid out of initial reserves .

The major part of this collection is in the central headquarters building , and the remainder is divided among five libraries in the system designated as subject centers .
the major part of this collection is in the central headquarters building , and the [rest] is divided among five libraries in the system designated as subject centers .

The remainder of the cast fulfilled its assignments no more than satisfactorily just as the old production and limited stage direction proved only serviceable .
the [rest] of the cast fulfilled its assignments no more than satisfactorily just as the old production and limited stage direction proved only serviceable .

Five years ago , they had only 10% of the market , with the remainder firmly entrenched in the stronghold of neon tubing .
five years ago , they had only 10% of the market , with the [rest] firmly entrenched in the stronghold of neon tubing .

Most orthodontists require an initial payment to cover the cost of diagnostic materials and construction of the appliances , but usually the remainder of the cost may be spread over a period of months or years .
most orthodontists require an initial payment to cover the cost of diagnostic materials and construction of the appliances , but usually the [rest] of the cost may be spread over a period of months or years .

( Whether historical nationalism helped the peoples of the remainder of the world , and whether today's nationalism in the former colonial areas has equally beneficial aspects , are other questions .
( whether historical nationalism helped the peoples of the [rest] of the world , and whether today's nationalism in the former colonial areas has equally beneficial aspects , are other questions .

`` You could come down to the office once a day , look over a few exchanges , dictate an editorial , and then have the remainder of your time for your more serious literary labors .
`` you could come down to the office once a day , look over a few exchanges , dictate an editorial , and then have the [rest] of your time for your more serious literary labors .

Once the poetic arts are separated from the other forms , he lays down his famous definition of tragedy , which sets up standards and so lends direction to the remainder of the work .
once the poetic arts are separated from the other forms , he lays down his famous definition of tragedy , which sets up standards and so lends direction to the [rest] of the work .

The intuition about mankind conveyed in these opening pages is of crucial importance for understanding the remainder of the text ; ;
the intuition about mankind conveyed in these opening pages is of crucial importance for understanding the [rest] of the text ; ;

It is difficult to tabulate exactly what was meant in each individual situation , but the conclusion may be drawn that 21 towns do not assess movable personal property , and of the remainder only certain types are valued for tax purposes .
it is difficult to tabulate exactly what was meant in each individual situation , but the conclusion may be drawn that 21 towns do not assess movable personal property , and of the [rest] only certain types are valued for tax purposes .

On the remainder of the clear channels , the dominant ( class 1 ) -- B stations are protected as described above , and the relatively small number of secondary ( class 2 ) ) stations permitted to operate on these channels at night are required to operate directionally and/or with reduced power so as to protect the class 1 , stations .
on the [rest] of the clear channels , the dominant ( class 1 ) -- b stations are protected as described above , and the relatively small number of secondary ( class 2 ) ) stations permitted to operate on these channels at night are required to operate directionally and/or with reduced power so as to protect the class 1 , stations .

The Russian experimenters claim that only a small fraction of the impulse from the sensors is caused by the incident momentum with the remainder being momentum of ejected material from the sensor .
the russian experimenters claim that only a small fraction of the impulse from the sensors is caused by the incident momentum with the [rest] being momentum of ejected material from the sensor .

In even greater degree the same rule applied to the remainder of Eastern Europe , where the upper classes had generally collaborated with the Nazis , even to the extent of sending millions of their peasants into Russia as a part of Hitler's armies .
in even greater degree the same rule applied to the [rest] of eastern europe , where the upper classes had generally collaborated with the nazis , even to the extent of sending millions of their peasants into russia as a part of hitler's armies .

In the remainder of his speech Davis spoke of his admiration for Brown and warned those who took part in the meeting that they `` are liable to the charge that they are supporting traitors and upholding men whom the laws have condemned '' .
in the [rest] of his speech davis spoke of his admiration for brown and warned those who took part in the meeting that they `` are liable to the charge that they are supporting traitors and upholding men whom the laws have condemned '' .

His parents talked seriously and lengthily to their own doctor and to a specialist at the University Hospital -- Mr. McKinley was entitled to a discount for members of his family -- and it was decided it would be best for him to take the remainder of the term off , spend a lot of time in bed and , for the rest , do pretty much as he chose -- provided , of course , he chose to do nothing too exciting or too debilitating .
his parents talked seriously and lengthily to their own doctor and to a specialist at the university hospital -- mr. mckinley was entitled to a discount for members of his family -- and it was decided it would be best for him to take the [rest] of the term off , spend a lot of time in bed and , for the rest , do pretty much as he chose -- provided , of course , he chose to do nothing too exciting or too debilitating .

He guzzled down three-quarters of the strong home-blend and proffered the remainder .
he guzzled down three-quarters of the strong home-blend and proffered the [rest] .

For the remainder of the movie , Chancellor Neitzbohr proceeds to lash the piano stool with a slat from a Venetian blind that used to hang in the pre-war Reichstag .
for the [rest] of the movie , chancellor neitzbohr proceeds to lash the piano stool with a slat from a venetian blind that used to hang in the pre-war reichstag .

Nearly two and a half thousand jobs are to go in the motor industry , the majority at Ford , the remainder at Vauxhall .
nearly two and a half thousand jobs are to go in the motor industry , the majority at ford , the [rest] at vauxhall .

The remainder is privately owned .
the [rest] is privately owned .

The remainder , like the assitant chaplain who was raped , are civilian staff , working amongst some of the most dangerous prisoners in the country .
the [rest] , like the assitant chaplain who was raped , are civilian staff , working amongst some of the most dangerous prisoners in the country .

Half of the 40 employees will lose their jobs this autumn and the remainder a year later .
half of the 40 employees will lose their jobs this autumn and the [rest] a year later .

Israel has offered to return 100 deportees immediately and cut the expulsion terms of the remainder to a one-year maximum .
israel has offered to return 100 deportees immediately and cut the expulsion terms of the [rest] to a one-year maximum .

Dr Duncan Macmillan said he was supporting the university 's proposals to sell either a 16th-century bronze , Cain and Abel by de Vries , or a 17th-century landscape , The Banks of a River by van Ruisdael , because of a desperate need to raise money for the care of the remainder of the collection .
dr duncan macmillan said he was supporting the university 's proposals to sell either a 16th-century bronze , cain and abel by de vries , or a 17th-century landscape , the banks of a river by van ruisdael , because of a desperate need to raise money for the care of the [rest] of the collection .

The remainder will be used to install additional scientific machinery in the North Atlantic Fisheries College in Scalloway , where much of the testing has been carried out .
the [rest] will be used to install additional scientific machinery in the north atlantic fisheries college in scalloway , where much of the testing has been carried out .

Edinburgh says it wants to use the proceeds to provide an endowment for the care of the remainder of the Torrie collection and for other fine art works .
edinburgh says it wants to use the proceeds to provide an endowment for the care of the [rest] of the torrie collection and for other fine art works .

For Nadia and Lynlea , the remainder of the stay will include more sports , among them netball and rounders .
for nadia and lynlea , the [rest] of the stay will include more sports , among them netball and rounders .

The remainder of the 78 per cent will be taken up by other allied investors .
the [rest] of the 78 per cent will be taken up by other allied investors .

Broken Scar supplies half the water for Teesdale , Darlington and Teesside homes , with the remainder coming from Lartington Treatment Works .
broken scar supplies half the water for teesdale , darlington and teesside homes , with the [rest] coming from lartington treatment works .

The remainder comes from Government-paid student fees as well as research council and private sector contracts and grants .
the [rest] comes from government-paid student fees as well as research council and private sector contracts and grants .

Restructuring for the remainder of the 1990s , they say , is likely to require a reduction in labour costs through cutbacks in overtime and part-time working .
restructuring for the [rest] of the 1990s , they say , is likely to require a reduction in labour costs through cutbacks in overtime and part-time working .

His enforced absence for the remainder of the season is a cruel blow to the Edinburgh side for they are one of four clubs sitting in the danger zone .
his enforced absence for the [rest] of the season is a cruel blow to the edinburgh side for they are one of four clubs sitting in the danger zone .

Adam Hunter 's 75 kept him within touch of the front runners , but there was some indifferent golf from the remainder of the Scottish contingent .
adam hunter 's 75 kept him within touch of the front runners , but there was some indifferent golf from the [rest] of the scottish contingent .

In the meantime , Docherty will help sell the remainder of the tickets for the 7,000 capacity arena on 6 March .
in the meantime , docherty will help sell the [rest] of the tickets for the 7,000 capacity arena on 6 march .

Gate income wo n't exactly increase either over the remainder of what appears to be a relegation season .
gate income wo n't exactly increase either over the [rest] of what appears to be a relegation season .

Of course , you will always find a minority of inhabitants will complain , some with good reason , but the remainder complain because that 's their hobby .
of course , you will always find a minority of inhabitants will complain , some with good reason , but the [rest] complain because that 's their hobby .

By mid-afternoon the piles of papers had shrunk significantly and the newspaper sellers were optimistic about shifting the remainder .
by mid-afternoon the piles of papers had shrunk significantly and the newspaper sellers were optimistic about shifting the [rest] .

United responded like champions and laid seige to the Chelsea goal for the remainder of the game .
united responded like champions and laid seige to the chelsea goal for the [rest] of the game .

The remainder of the meeting was spent in looking at the Grid on which visitors envisaged were placed with Regions for Primary ( ten days to a fortnight ) or Secondary ( 5-7 days ) periods .
the [rest] of the meeting was spent in looking at the grid on which visitors envisaged were placed with regions for primary ( ten days to a fortnight ) or secondary ( 5-7 days ) periods .

Draw up a life table for a cohort of 5000 students showing , for each year of study , the probability of leaving and the expected remaining stay calculated on the assumption that one-tenth of the leavers in any year depart at random times during the year and the remainder go at the end of that year .
draw up a life table for a cohort of 5000 students showing , for each year of study , the probability of leaving and the expected remaining stay calculated on the assumption that one-tenth of the leavers in any year depart at random times during the year and the [rest] go at the end of that year .

There is to be no fertility in year of arrival then fertility as for remainder of population .
there is to be no fertility in year of arrival then fertility as for [rest] of population .

Twenty need replacement of both joints ( bilateral ) ; the remainder need only one .
twenty need replacement of both joints ( bilateral ) ; the [rest] need only one .

Operational deposits make up approximately a fifth of bankers ' balances held at the bank , the remainder being made up of non-interest bearing cash deposits that banks are required to keep at the Bank of England to provide it with an income .
operational deposits make up approximately a fifth of bankers ' balances held at the bank , the [rest] being made up of non-interest bearing cash deposits that banks are required to keep at the bank of england to provide it with an income .

The great majority of them were with the management and unions of the railways , the remainder with politicians , civil servants and others closely involved with the railways and their industrial relations .
the great majority of them were with the management and unions of the railways , the [rest] with politicians , civil servants and others closely involved with the railways and their industrial relations .

In practice it has involved efforts to cut the size of the public enterprise sector and to make the remainder more efficient and more attentive to financial rather than public service criteria of viability .
in practice it has involved efforts to cut the size of the public enterprise sector and to make the [rest] more efficient and more attentive to financial rather than public service criteria of viability .

By 1961 they had reached levels which were to persist , with minor ups and downs , for the remainder of the decade .
by 1961 they had reached levels which were to persist , with minor ups and downs , for the [rest] of the decade .

Kitty slouched off again while Charlie got up from the kitchen table carrying the remainder of the pie in his fingers .
kitty slouched off again while charlie got up from the kitchen table carrying the [rest] of the pie in his fingers .

About 60pc of the houses are council-owned , with the remainder in private hands .
about 60pc of the houses are council-owned , with the [rest] in private hands .

The remainder of the treatment would have cost a further £23,000 , most of which would have been recouped in return for appearing in advertising promotions .
the [rest] of the treatment would have cost a further £23,000 , most of which would have been recouped in return for appearing in advertising promotions .

They feared the approval of this first section would influence the inquiry on the remainder of the line .
they feared the approval of this first section would influence the inquiry on the [rest] of the line .

‘ Crew commenced to get the passengers ’ boxes out of the holds for the purpose of getting warmer clothes for the remainder of the passage ’ .
‘ crew commenced to get the passengers ’ boxes out of the holds for the purpose of getting warmer clothes for the [rest] of the passage ’ .

We have had a good couple of months and we are fairly positive about the outlook for the remainder of the year .
we have had a good couple of months and we are fairly positive about the outlook for the [rest] of the year .

Smoke also damaged the remainder of the building .
smoke also damaged the [rest] of the building .

Government grants will cover only 50pc of that and the county council will need to find the remainder .
government grants will cover only 50pc of that and the county council will need to find the [rest] .

Only 1,000 of Sunderland 's 25,000 derby tickets have been sold and the remainder will be offered to gold card number 110,000 today , and 10,001–17,000 on Wednesday .
only 1,000 of sunderland 's 25,000 derby tickets have been sold and the [rest] will be offered to gold card number 110,000 today , and 10,001–17,000 on wednesday .

However , the concerts may not be as thick on the ground as in previous years because the province 's main promoters have had their fingers burnt on a few occasions during festival season and they are not taking any big risks for the remainder of the year .
however , the concerts may not be as thick on the ground as in previous years because the province 's main promoters have had their fingers burnt on a few occasions during festival season and they are not taking any big risks for the [rest] of the year .

Despite their stay in the cells , both offenders still have to pay off the remainder of their fines , around five hundred and six hundred pounds each .
despite their stay in the cells , both offenders still have to pay off the [rest] of their fines , around five hundred and six hundred pounds each .

The remainder of the half was evenly contested .
the [rest] of the half was evenly contested .

And of course it was completely cut apart in nineteen forty-five , losing two-fifths of its territories altogether to Poland , and erm the remainder then being erm cut into two , to East Germany and West Germany , with France receiving Alsace-Lorraine back again .
and of course it was completely cut apart in nineteen forty-five , losing two-fifths of its territories altogether to poland , and erm the [rest] then being erm cut into two , to east germany and west germany , with france receiving alsace-lorraine back again .

We filled that and while they were eating that we kept the hay , hay , cut it through a rick , a big thin knife , you know , fill the remainder of the racks with the hay , so that by the time they 'd gone and finished that they 'd gone in to eat the hay , then we 'd got the yard free to litter it out , and to straw it on both sides , one would be on the , one down on the bottom to pull straw down into the yard , and that was .
we filled that and while they were eating that we kept the hay , hay , cut it through a rick , a big thin knife , you know , fill the [rest] of the racks with the hay , so that by the time they 'd gone and finished that they 'd gone in to eat the hay , then we 'd got the yard free to litter it out , and to straw it on both sides , one would be on the , one down on the bottom to pull straw down into the yard , and that was .

The remainder of our stores will be converted over the next two years .
the [rest] of our stores will be converted over the next two years .

Overall , more than nine out of ten ( 93 % ) of the very recent ( post-1976 ) publications issued to readers had come to the Library under copyright deposit legislation , the remainder having been acquired by purchase ( 6 % ) or donation ( 2 % ) .
overall , more than nine out of ten ( 93 % ) of the very recent ( post-1976 ) publications issued to readers had come to the library under copyright deposit legislation , the [rest] having been acquired by purchase ( 6 % ) or donation ( 2 % ) .

Three-quarters ( 76 % ) of all items issued were monographs , a fifth ( 19 % ) were serials , and the remainder ( 5 % ) were newspapers .
three-quarters ( 76 % ) of all items issued were monographs , a fifth ( 19 % ) were serials , and the [rest] ( 5 % ) were newspapers .

Of the newspapers consulted , two-thirds ( 66 % ) were national , a quarter ( 25 % ) were local , and the remainder were either foreign ( 2 % ) or belonged to a miscellaneous group of newspaper-type publications , such as trade newspapers ( 7 % ) .
of the newspapers consulted , two-thirds ( 66 % ) were national , a quarter ( 25 % ) were local , and the [rest] were either foreign ( 2 % ) or belonged to a miscellaneous group of newspaper-type publications , such as trade newspapers ( 7 % ) .

For the remainder of the 1990s , he expected that 75 per cent of aircraft orders would be from airlines with the remaining 25 per cent coming from leasing companies .
for the [rest] of the 1990s , he expected that 75 per cent of aircraft orders would be from airlines with the remaining 25 per cent coming from leasing companies .

Suddenly , Clinton was leading in the polls a position he held on to throughout the remainder of the campaign .
suddenly , clinton was leading in the polls a position he held on to throughout the [rest] of the campaign .

About 15 posts are supervisory and management jobs and the remainder are for checkout , shelving and other staff .
about 15 posts are supervisory and management jobs and the [rest] are for checkout , shelving and other staff .

Of one battalion , only three men were said to have survived ; many of the remainder were simply buried alive by the shells .
of one battalion , only three men were said to have survived ; many of the [rest] were simply buried alive by the shells .

We now start our study of the economy as a whole and in the remainder of the book we consider many of the world 's most pressing macroeconomic problems — problems like persistent unemployment , rapid inflation , balance of payments difficulties , economic stagnation and unequal distributions of income and wealth .
we now start our study of the economy as a whole and in the [rest] of the book we consider many of the world 's most pressing macroeconomic problems — problems like persistent unemployment , rapid inflation , balance of payments difficulties , economic stagnation and unequal distributions of income and wealth .

In the remainder of the book , we follow convention and use the term national income .
in the [rest] of the book , we follow convention and use the term national income .

If an issue of a government security is under-subscribed the Issue Department will purchase the remainder , which it will gradually sell to the public .
if an issue of a government security is under-subscribed the issue department will purchase the [rest] , which it will gradually sell to the public .

Europe remains the key market , taking 80 per cent of production , with the United States , Korea and North Africa sharing the remainder .
europe remains the key market , taking 80 per cent of production , with the united states , korea and north africa sharing the [rest] .

Such abbreviated language is standard practice and will be widely adopted in the remainder of this book .
such abbreviated language is standard practice and will be widely adopted in the [rest] of this book .

It is quite clear that in securing contracts with the private sector , and getting a good price , some authorities have been quicker off the mark than others , leaving the remainder at the mercy of spot prices and the sort of fee-hiking that can result .
it is quite clear that in securing contracts with the private sector , and getting a good price , some authorities have been quicker off the mark than others , leaving the [rest] at the mercy of spot prices and the sort of fee-hiking that can result .

The remainder of this chapter is an extension of the broad aspects of segmentation discussed in section 6.2 .
the [rest] of this chapter is an extension of the broad aspects of segmentation discussed in section 6.2 .

And stop the remainder .
and stop the [rest] .

The amp 's master volume pot , headphone socket and mains switch make up the remainder of front panel controls .
the amp 's master volume pot , headphone socket and mains switch make up the [rest] of front panel controls .

Moving up a price bracket , we reckon on a fictitious £500 for the amp and the remainder on the bass . So what 's good ?
moving up a price bracket , we reckon on a fictitious £500 for the amp and the [rest] on the bass . so what 's good ?

So the remainder of the first consultation was spent showing Clive how to breathe from his diaphragm rather than from the upper part of his chest .
so the [rest] of the first consultation was spent showing clive how to breathe from his diaphragm rather than from the upper part of his chest .

The fishermen were so concerned for its welfare that they closed the lake for the remainder of the season , and the fish has since been spotted several times , fully recovered .
the fishermen were so concerned for its welfare that they closed the lake for the [rest] of the season , and the fish has since been spotted several times , fully recovered .

What we did : Rachel was tired of her style and wanted it cut short so we decided to make use of the remainder of the perm and create a look with lots of volume .
what we did : rachel was tired of her style and wanted it cut short so we decided to make use of the [rest] of the perm and create a look with lots of volume .

The remainder of the components may now be soldered into place in any convenient order .
the [rest] of the components may now be soldered into place in any convenient order .

Use 750g/1¼lb of the marzipan to cover larger cake : first fill any gaps around base then , using about two-thirds of the remainder , roll out a strip to cover side of cake completely .
use 750g/1¼lb of the marzipan to cover larger cake : first fill any gaps around base then , using about two-thirds of the [rest] , roll out a strip to cover side of cake completely .

Leave the remainder white .
leave the [rest] white .

Serve the remainder as a starter with eight of the croûtons and the cheese .
serve the [rest] as a starter with eight of the croûtons and the cheese .

Most of the remainder was sold in separate lots in 1949 .
most of the [rest] was sold in separate lots in 1949 .

You would have to eat about a dozen apples in order to obtain that average daily 5 oz of sugar from this source ; you can imagine how long that would take and how difficult it would be to eat all the remainder of your daily food .
you would have to eat about a dozen apples in order to obtain that average daily 5 oz of sugar from this source ; you can imagine how long that would take and how difficult it would be to eat all the [rest] of your daily food .

Choose freely from the calorie- and fibre-counted meals on the following pages to make up the remainder of your daily calorie and fibre total .
choose freely from the calorie- and fibre-counted meals on the following pages to make up the [rest] of your daily calorie and fibre total .

This involves not only reflecting on why certain types of behaviours are defined as criminal in some historical periods and not others , but also why a particular criminal law comes to incorporate from relatively homogeneous behaviour patterns only a portion and exclude the remainder , even though each and every instance of this behaviour causes avoidable harm , injury , or deprivation .
this involves not only reflecting on why certain types of behaviours are defined as criminal in some historical periods and not others , but also why a particular criminal law comes to incorporate from relatively homogeneous behaviour patterns only a portion and exclude the [rest] , even though each and every instance of this behaviour causes avoidable harm , injury , or deprivation .

The stumbling block to any deal is a cash settlement for the remainder of Gallagher 's contract , worth a reported £400,000 when he signed for Leeds in the summer of 1990 .
the stumbling block to any deal is a cash settlement for the [rest] of gallagher 's contract , worth a reported £400,000 when he signed for leeds in the summer of 1990 .

if relocation takes place during a school term , the company will reimburse day school fees for the remainder of that term or for such periods as required by the school for pupil removal .
if relocation takes place during a school term , the company will reimburse day school fees for the [rest] of that term or for such periods as required by the school for pupil removal .

The taxable transfer allowance , paid in addition to the disturbance allowance , is made in two stages ; half is paid to the employee with the first month 's salary in the new position and the remainder paid with the twelfth month 's salary in the new position .
the taxable transfer allowance , paid in addition to the disturbance allowance , is made in two stages ; half is paid to the employee with the first month 's salary in the new position and the [rest] paid with the twelfth month 's salary in the new position .

One in four gave no assistance with bridging finance and the remainder reimbursed employees for bank loan interest .
one in four gave no assistance with bridging finance and the [rest] reimbursed employees for bank loan interest .

Seven organisations did not pay relocation allowances to new recruits while of the remainder , eight gave similar allowances under both the relocation and recruitment headings and 18 provided different sets of allowances under the two categories .
seven organisations did not pay relocation allowances to new recruits while of the [rest] , eight gave similar allowances under both the relocation and recruitment headings and 18 provided different sets of allowances under the two categories .

The remainder will be treated as investment income , which is liable to tax .
the [rest] will be treated as investment income , which is liable to tax .

These are considered in the remainder of this chapter .
these are considered in the [rest] of this chapter .

On the roll of a 1 or 2 the staff has run out of energy and will not work for the remainder of the battle .
on the roll of a 1 or 2 the staff has run out of energy and will not work for the [rest] of the battle .

The Shield of Cold is automatically dispelled if the wizard or unit he is with enters hand-to-hand combat , but otherwise remains in play for the remainder of the battle or until it is dispelled .
the shield of cold is automatically dispelled if the wizard or unit he is with enters hand-to-hand combat , but otherwise remains in play for the [rest] of the battle or until it is dispelled .

These activities , so it is claimed , generate the wealth on which the remainder broadly the service sector — depends for its existence .
these activities , so it is claimed , generate the wealth on which the [rest] broadly the service sector — depends for its existence .

The return to ‘ free markets ’ by 1955 is generally viewed as permissive in the sense that it resulted from the removal of the remainder of war and postwar restrictions .
the return to ‘ free markets ’ by 1955 is generally viewed as permissive in the sense that it resulted from the removal of the [rest] of war and postwar restrictions .

Most cases of pathological phimosis result from balanitis xerotica obliterans , while the remainder may be due to a different , distinct fibrotic disease .
most cases of pathological phimosis result from balanitis xerotica obliterans , while the [rest] may be due to a different , distinct fibrotic disease .

Of 120 members nominated , forty-seven never sat ; of the remainder , twenty-seven did not sign the death warrant .
of 120 members nominated , forty-seven never sat ; of the [rest] , twenty-seven did not sign the death warrant .

And when they had dined , the remainder was divided among them to carry home to their families .
and when they had dined , the [rest] was divided among them to carry home to their families .

The authors discussed in the remainder of this book are therefore of unique interest .
the authors discussed in the [rest] of this book are therefore of unique interest .

Ipswich were unfortunate to lose winger Jeremy English with fractured ribs , ruling him out for the remainder of the season .
ipswich were unfortunate to lose winger jeremy english with fractured ribs , ruling him out for the [rest] of the season .

‘ The county council has to make up the remainder but it has already limited the amount it intends to spend . ’
‘ the county council has to make up the [rest] but it has already limited the amount it intends to spend . ’

Of the remainder , 10 per cent of the sites are located on Rendzinas , shallow calcareous soils over limestone and chalk which are also light and fertile .
of the [rest] , 10 per cent of the sites are located on rendzinas , shallow calcareous soils over limestone and chalk which are also light and fertile .

Within a few days the troubled Asylum Bill itself disappeared from the Lord 's timetable for the remainder of the current Parliament .
within a few days the troubled asylum bill itself disappeared from the lord 's timetable for the [rest] of the current parliament .

Interest Free Finance at Alexanders allows you to purchase the Rolex watch of your choice with a deposit of only ten percent and twelve monthly payments for the remainder .
interest free finance at alexanders allows you to purchase the rolex watch of your choice with a deposit of only ten percent and twelve monthly payments for the [rest] .

He was sent to Kilo 8 Prison in Pinar del Río Province to complete the remainder of his three-year sentence .
he was sent to kilo 8 prison in pinar del río province to complete the [rest] of his three-year sentence .

In 1766 a Cumberland man pointed out the difficulties of agriculture in the region — it was too wet to grow wheat — and estimated that a quarter of Cumberland was owned by thirty lords and gentlemen , and the remainder divided between 10,000 small landowners .
in 1766 a cumberland man pointed out the difficulties of agriculture in the region — it was too wet to grow wheat — and estimated that a quarter of cumberland was owned by thirty lords and gentlemen , and the [rest] divided between 10,000 small landowners .

With this type , the remainder of the model is usually predominantly black , which means that if you can see lots of colour it must be coming towards you !
with this type , the [rest] of the model is usually predominantly black , which means that if you can see lots of colour it must be coming towards you !

Their long carrot-coloured hair had been fought into plaits while the remainder stuck out in frizzy uncontrollable waves .
their long carrot-coloured hair had been fought into plaits while the [rest] stuck out in frizzy uncontrollable waves .

When they played the song at London 's Borderline recently , it stood out like a radioactive rabbit on a nudist beach , primarily because most of the remainder of the set collapsed like a drunk deck of cards .
when they played the song at london 's borderline recently , it stood out like a radioactive rabbit on a nudist beach , primarily because most of the [rest] of the set collapsed like a drunk deck of cards .

We are pleased to offer a Two Centre holiday incorporating 3 or 4 nights in Prague ( depending on the date of departure ) with the remainder of the holiday spent in Brno .
we are pleased to offer a two centre holiday incorporating 3 or 4 nights in prague ( depending on the date of departure ) with the [rest] of the holiday spent in brno .

The remainder of the chapter begins to open up the question of what impact new technology is having on whatever jobs may remain .
the [rest] of the chapter begins to open up the question of what impact new technology is having on whatever jobs may remain .

In the remainder of this chapter we deal with five of those that have been put forward by those who give general assent to his radical perspective .
in the [rest] of this chapter we deal with five of those that have been put forward by those who give general assent to his radical perspective .

Finally a heavy press crushes out the remainder of the must , but this is of an inferior quality .
finally a heavy press crushes out the [rest] of the must , but this is of an inferior quality .

Once , after a long night spent putting up posters , Paul Simonon heated up the remainder of the flour and water paste on a rusty blade and ate it .
once , after a long night spent putting up posters , paul simonon heated up the [rest] of the flour and water paste on a rusty blade and ate it .

Detach say two hundred , and use these to make a gesture at Roxburgh , some sort of sally towards the castle , hiding the remainder away , if necessary in groups .
detach say two hundred , and use these to make a gesture at roxburgh , some sort of sally towards the castle , hiding the [rest] away , if necessary in groups .

So next morning the thousand mosstroopers divided into three sections , two hundred to go with the Regent as decoys , two hundred to hide near Sunlaws ford and the remainder , six hundred , with a score or two of Heiton 's own men , to head for the Kale Water valley where Heiton would place them in position from which they could ambush the pursuit once Murray 's fleeing party was past .
so next morning the thousand mosstroopers divided into three sections , two hundred to go with the regent as decoys , two hundred to hide near sunlaws ford and the [rest] , six hundred , with a score or two of heiton 's own men , to head for the kale water valley where heiton would place them in position from which they could ambush the pursuit once murray 's fleeing party was past .

It was decided that about one thousand was right , three hundred to storm the castle itself and the remainder to seal off the approaches thereto for long enough to allow the raiders to achieve their ends and retire back across the ford , it was to be hoped with Edward Balliol dead or alive .
it was decided that about one thousand was right , three hundred to storm the castle itself and the [rest] to seal off the approaches thereto for long enough to allow the raiders to achieve their ends and retire back across the ford , it was to be hoped with edward balliol dead or alive .

So two-thirds of the attackers moved round , as silently as they could , under the high perimeter walling , to the front of the establishment , whilst the remainder , leaving a small guard on the horses , went in the other direction , west-about , to the area of the broken-down curtain walls , nearer at hand .
so two-thirds of the attackers moved round , as silently as they could , under the high perimeter walling , to the front of the establishment , whilst the [rest] , leaving a small guard on the horses , went in the other direction , west-about , to the area of the broken-down curtain walls , nearer at hand .

The remainder of the Council was concerned with such matters .
the [rest] of the council was concerned with such matters .

Now the remainder of the English ships were opening fire ; but these , behind , were still further out of range , and bunched as they were , some obstructed others .
now the [rest] of the english ships were opening fire ; but these , behind , were still further out of range , and bunched as they were , some obstructed others .

But by that time four of the enemy ships were wrecks , one was aground and two of the remainder sufficiently damaged to make it doubtful whether they would ever reach their home ports — which was most evidently the hope of the survivors , as they went through the difficult , desperate business of turning in the confined space and heading back out to sea .
but by that time four of the enemy ships were wrecks , one was aground and two of the [rest] sufficiently damaged to make it doubtful whether they would ever reach their home ports — which was most evidently the hope of the survivors , as they went through the difficult , desperate business of turning in the confined space and heading back out to sea .

Frequently we abstract from this covenant by singling out the Ten Commandments and ignoring much of the remainder of the Mosaic code .
frequently we abstract from this covenant by singling out the ten commandments and ignoring much of the [rest] of the mosaic code .

What follows in the rest of Exodus and the Pentateuch and indeed throughout the remainder of the Old Testament is of interest on two counts .
what follows in the rest of exodus and the pentateuch and indeed throughout the [rest] of the old testament is of interest on two counts .

The skeleton was then shipped home for burial and the remainder deposited at the place of death .
the skeleton was then shipped home for burial and the [rest] deposited at the place of death .

Sprinkle with the spring onions and the remainder of the cheese .
sprinkle with the spring onions and the [rest] of the cheese .

( If you are only using part of the bean mix at one time , the remainder will keep , covered , for 2–3 days in the refrigerator . )
( if you are only using part of the bean mix at one time , the [rest] will keep , covered , for 2–3 days in the refrigerator . )

Leave a few mushrooms aside for garnish and slice the remainder .
leave a few mushrooms aside for garnish and slice the [rest] .

Liquidise or sieve half the soup and return it to the pot with the remainder .
liquidise or sieve half the soup and return it to the pot with the [rest] .

Add the remainder of the stock and reheat , stirring .
add the [rest] of the stock and reheat , stirring .

Reserve 8 of the grapefruit segments and chop the remainder .
reserve 8 of the grapefruit segments and chop the [rest] .

Chop the remainder .
chop the [rest] .

Save four prime raspberries , then divide the remainder between four tall glasses .
save four prime raspberries , then divide the [rest] between four tall glasses .

Some of the outbuildings are used for staff accommodation , while the remainder still serve their original functions of lodge , garages , kennels , stables , gardeners ' stores , potting shed , greenhouses , etc .
some of the outbuildings are used for staff accommodation , while the [rest] still serve their original functions of lodge , garages , kennels , stables , gardeners ' stores , potting shed , greenhouses , etc .

They worked harmoniously together , and succeeded in preserving the company 's independence during the remainder of the ‘ merger boom ’ years .
they worked harmoniously together , and succeeded in preserving the company 's independence during the [rest] of the ‘ merger boom ’ years .

In the Navigation 's case the ground floor food preparation area was obtained by converting an old-fashioned and unwanted small private bar : similar areas suitable for conversion can not be guaranteed in more than 50 per cent of the units , though equivalent areas could be made available in the remainder through ‘ building out ’ .
in the navigation 's case the ground floor food preparation area was obtained by converting an old-fashioned and unwanted small private bar : similar areas suitable for conversion can not be guaranteed in more than 50 per cent of the units , though equivalent areas could be made available in the [rest] through ‘ building out ’ .

Data General Corp is finding the transition to open systems at a time of recession extremely painful with a second quarter loss of $55m after a $48m charge for another 1,000 lay-offs : turnover was down 14% at $274m , in part because the sale of the Japanese subsidiary cut volume by $19m ; the company blamed the disappointing results on competitive pricing pressures , which have cut profits , as well as the weak worldwide economy ; the company says it continues to be very cautious about the remainder of 1992 ; AViiON sales continue to grow , but ‘ we are not satisfied with overall revenues , ’ the company declared Electronic Data Systems Corp says its graphical design system now supports Hewlett-Packard 's series 700 workstations : first deliveries are scheduled for May .
data general corp is finding the transition to open systems at a time of recession extremely painful with a second quarter loss of $55m after a $48m charge for another 1,000 lay-offs : turnover was down 14% at $274m , in part because the sale of the japanese subsidiary cut volume by $19m ; the company blamed the disappointing results on competitive pricing pressures , which have cut profits , as well as the weak worldwide economy ; the company says it continues to be very cautious about the [rest] of 1992 ; aviion sales continue to grow , but ‘ we are not satisfied with overall revenues , ’ the company declared electronic data systems corp says its graphical design system now supports hewlett-packard 's series 700 workstations : first deliveries are scheduled for may .

Beds , bedding and linen formed the largest single item ; clothing , pots and pans ( some of them pewter ) and kitchen stun made up most of the remainder , and apart from a couple of coffers , a table board , two ‘ chairstools ’ and a few small boards and forms , totalling 7s .
beds , bedding and linen formed the largest single item ; clothing , pots and pans ( some of them pewter ) and kitchen stun made up most of the [rest] , and apart from a couple of coffers , a table board , two ‘ chairstools ’ and a few small boards and forms , totalling 7s .

Finally it may be noted that the gentry of Babergh hundred were more sharply differentiated from the remainder of the community than their fellows in Rutland .
finally it may be noted that the gentry of babergh hundred were more sharply differentiated from the [rest] of the community than their fellows in rutland .

In the remainder of the hundred these two groups accounted for just under 30 per cent .
in the [rest] of the hundred these two groups accounted for just under 30 per cent .

Only one out of eight men employed to carry coals , mine and sows of iron at Robertsbridge worked all 140 days of the campaign in 1542 — 3 , the remainder putting in anything from two to forty-eight .
only one out of eight men employed to carry coals , mine and sows of iron at robertsbridge worked all 140 days of the campaign in 1542 — 3 , the [rest] putting in anything from two to forty-eight .

At Steeple Claydon , on the other hand , where nine land assessments compare with only three actual freeholders , there were some fifty inhabitants all told , of whom only four drew income from land.l Either custom or convention hereabouts militated against subletting , or officials in the Buckingham hundreds ignored land that was not freehold , for far fewer owners were recorded there than in the remainder of the county .
at steeple claydon , on the other hand , where nine land assessments compare with only three actual freeholders , there were some fifty inhabitants all told , of whom only four drew income from land.l either custom or convention hereabouts militated against subletting , or officials in the buckingham hundreds ignored land that was not freehold , for far fewer owners were recorded there than in the [rest] of the county .

( which overlapped into Stoke Goldington and Weston Underwood ) , were freeholders , a numerous class in this district , the remainder lessees for term of years or at will .
( which overlapped into stoke goldington and weston underwood ) , were freeholders , a numerous class in this district , the [rest] lessees for term of years or at will .

There were 140 parcels , of which only forty-seven were occupied by the head tenants , the remainder being in the hands of subtenants .
there were 140 parcels , of which only forty-seven were occupied by the head tenants , the [rest] being in the hands of subtenants .

John Smith , senior vice-president , operations said that while the company 's goal was to return to profitability as soon as possible , ‘ for the remainder of 1992 we remain cautious about both revenues and profits due to the uncertainties in both the industry and worldwide economies .
john smith , senior vice-president , operations said that while the company 's goal was to return to profitability as soon as possible , ‘ for the [rest] of 1992 we remain cautious about both revenues and profits due to the uncertainties in both the industry and worldwide economies .

The attendance of the remainder at school was discontinued and the house was closed to visitors ; it was visited by the Inspector of Nuisances for the Borough .
the attendance of the [rest] at school was discontinued and the house was closed to visitors ; it was visited by the inspector of nuisances for the borough .

The Guild of Help offered to pay the remainder if the Board would contribute £4 , but the looming presence of the Railway Assessment Authority may have persuaded the guardians to offer only half the sum needed , i.e .
the guild of help offered to pay the [rest] if the board would contribute £4 , but the looming presence of the railway assessment authority may have persuaded the guardians to offer only half the sum needed , i.e .

The remainder of this paper will be devoted to a description of that good practice .
the [rest] of this paper will be devoted to a description of that good practice .

The remainder will be added to your protected rights to purchase a better annuity .
the [rest] will be added to your protected rights to purchase a better annuity .

Jaq had spent the remainder of the voyage feeling exalted , yet pitiful .
jaq had spent the [rest] of the voyage feeling exalted , yet pitiful .

( We may then proceed , in the remainder of this chapter , to discuss some of the most important of the manifestations of this consciousness whilst tying in loose threads protruding from earlier discussions . )
( we may then proceed , in the [rest] of this chapter , to discuss some of the most important of the manifestations of this consciousness whilst tying in loose threads protruding from earlier discussions . )

To round up clans of Ayoreo Indians with the dubious intent of rescuing them for Christianity , massacring those resistant to ‘ taming , imprisoning the remainder and allowing them to sink into ill-health and torpor , seems monstrous .
to round up clans of ayoreo indians with the dubious intent of rescuing them for christianity , massacring those resistant to ‘ taming , imprisoning the [rest] and allowing them to sink into ill-health and torpor , seems monstrous .

The Yak was flown airfreight via Anchorage and into Vancouver , making the remainder of the journey by road .
the yak was flown airfreight via anchorage and into vancouver , making the [rest] of the journey by road .

Check the post for true vertical , add a fence panel , then tip the remainder of the bag around the first post . Add water as directed , and the job is complete
check the post for true vertical , add a fence panel , then tip the [rest] of the bag around the first post . add water as directed , and the job is complete

The remainder of the figures relate to the original garment and act as codes , telling the program what to do , where to do it and what to display on the screen to ask you , the knitter , what to do next .
the [rest] of the figures relate to the original garment and act as codes , telling the program what to do , where to do it and what to display on the screen to ask you , the knitter , what to do next .

The remainder of this chapter is devoted to a discussion of mergers .
the [rest] of this chapter is devoted to a discussion of mergers .

It should , however , be pointed out that even after the introduction of the community charge , local authorities would still be raising only about one-quarter of their own revenue , the remainder coming from central government grant and the uniform business rate .
it should , however , be pointed out that even after the introduction of the community charge , local authorities would still be raising only about one-quarter of their own revenue , the [rest] coming from central government grant and the uniform business rate .

Invariably some of them were drunk , others high on some weed , some too randy to notice anything but the opposite sex , and the remainder were too self-absorbed to notice anything .
invariably some of them were drunk , others high on some weed , some too randy to notice anything but the opposite sex , and the [rest] were too self-absorbed to notice anything .

The Martin Pipe-trained eight-year-old gained an impressive four-length victory in the £50,000 Newbury showpiece 12 months ago but , after following up over course and distance a month later , he missed the remainder of the season through injury .
the martin pipe-trained eight-year-old gained an impressive four-length victory in the £50,000 newbury showpiece 12 months ago but , after following up over course and distance a month later , he missed the [rest] of the season through injury .

His vice president Gerald Ford took over for the remainder of his term but lost the 1976 election to Jimmy Carter .
his vice president gerald ford took over for the [rest] of his term but lost the 1976 election to jimmy carter .

Midday meal would be at 1230 hours , and they had been told they were excused duties for the remainder of the day .
midday meal would be at 1230 hours , and they had been told they were excused duties for the [rest] of the day .

The remainder of this chapter concerns itself with these two outer layers .
the [rest] of this chapter concerns itself with these two outer layers .

Out-and-out stayer Belmount Captain , unsuited by the slow early gallop at Ascot last time , looks best of the remainder .
out-and-out stayer belmount captain , unsuited by the slow early gallop at ascot last time , looks best of the [rest] .

Around half of the fund is invested in blue chip equities which practise positive environmental policies — eg British Gas , Body Shop , British Telecom , Sainsbury 's , Allied-Lyons — and the remainder in bonds , gilts and top yielding building society accounts .
around half of the fund is invested in blue chip equities which practise positive environmental policies — eg british gas , body shop , british telecom , sainsbury 's , allied-lyons — and the [rest] in bonds , gilts and top yielding building society accounts .

Under the proposed new arrangements , booklets issued for the remainder of 1992/93 will contain only enough payslips to take employers to the end of the deduction year , and they will be accompanied by an explanatory leaflet .
under the proposed new arrangements , booklets issued for the [rest] of 1992/93 will contain only enough payslips to take employers to the end of the deduction year , and they will be accompanied by an explanatory leaflet .

Through these kinds of dramas ( the wage negotiation annual one ) the remainder of workers can feel that their uncomfortable feelings of anger and paranoia are being dealt with so they can continue to hold the position of withdrawal , thus avoiding the pain of their real feelings .
through these kinds of dramas ( the wage negotiation annual one ) the [rest] of workers can feel that their uncomfortable feelings of anger and paranoia are being dealt with so they can continue to hold the position of withdrawal , thus avoiding the pain of their real feelings .

The reasons for this are complex and to explain the situation all away in terms of social class is an oversimplification . The factors which differentiate Britain from the remainder :
the reasons for this are complex and to explain the situation all away in terms of social class is an oversimplification . the factors which differentiate britain from the [rest] :

The remainder of Tramway No .
the [rest] of tramway no .

To lease the remainder of the Tooting route , i.e. Mitcham — West Croydon , to the London County Council , to be worked as part of a through route .
to lease the [rest] of the tooting route , i.e. mitcham — west croydon , to the london county council , to be worked as part of a through route .

When in 1916 , the Metropolitan Police insisted on all trams being fitted with side lamps , the remainder of the Croydon fleet had them fixed in small wooden boxes under the edge of the canopy .
when in 1916 , the metropolitan police insisted on all trams being fitted with side lamps , the [rest] of the croydon fleet had them fixed in small wooden boxes under the edge of the canopy .

From then on , as they were repainted in the new red livery , the remainder were renumbered 1–20 , in the reverse order of their old numbers .
from then on , as they were repainted in the new red livery , the [rest] were renumbered 1–20 , in the reverse order of their old numbers .

However 384 , 387 and 397 failed their annual inspections on 12 October 1951 and on 9 January 1952 , the remainder were withdrawn and moved to Penhall Road scrap yard to meet their fate .
however 384 , 387 and 397 failed their annual inspections on 12 october 1951 and on 9 january 1952 , the [rest] were withdrawn and moved to penhall road scrap yard to meet their fate .

When the Sutton route was replaced by trolleybuses , the remainder joined them at Brixton in December 1935 , but the contract with Cohens for their scrapping had already been signed on 12 October .
when the sutton route was replaced by trolleybuses , the [rest] joined them at brixton in december 1935 , but the contract with cohens for their scrapping had already been signed on 12 october .

The remainder — Va'aiga Tuigamala and Walter Little in the backs , Paul Henderson and Graham Purvis in the pack — have largely been back-up strength in recent times , although Little was busily occupied at first five-eighths in four of the tests this season .
the [rest] — va'aiga tuigamala and walter little in the backs , paul henderson and graham purvis in the pack — have largely been back-up strength in recent times , although little was busily occupied at first five-eighths in four of the tests this season .

With one of these you can , for instance , remove just those parts of the signal which are responsible for boominess or tape hiss , leaving the remainder of the signal unchanged .
with one of these you can , for instance , remove just those parts of the signal which are responsible for boominess or tape hiss , leaving the [rest] of the signal unchanged .

My stepfather died at the end of November 1991 and under his will my mother was left the life interest in the income arising from the sum of £60,000 with the remainder to my stepbrother .
my stepfather died at the end of november 1991 and under his will my mother was left the life interest in the income arising from the sum of £60,000 with the [rest] to my stepbrother .

The remainder will be paid by liability insurers of the company 's former directors .
the [rest] will be paid by liability insurers of the company 's former directors .

The staff were effectively divided into two tiers , with a third of them trained into the advice-giving role of financial consultants while the remainder , ‘ customer services representatives ’ , resumed the agent role of collecting premiums and other basic services .
the staff were effectively divided into two tiers , with a third of them trained into the advice-giving role of financial consultants while the [rest] , ‘ customer services representatives ’ , resumed the agent role of collecting premiums and other basic services .

Half the remainder die in old age , losing about eight years of life .
half the [rest] die in old age , losing about eight years of life .

Whilst these alien prebendaries , rectors and abbeys took the main pickings , the ‘ great tithes ’ on corn and so on , their vicars drawn from the local people usually had to make do with the remainder .
whilst these alien prebendaries , rectors and abbeys took the main pickings , the ‘ great tithes ’ on corn and so on , their vicars drawn from the local people usually had to make do with the [rest] .

Although a sixth of the clergy of the diocese 's 272 parishes were deprived because they refused to take the oath of allegiance to Elizabeth 's church , the remainder stayed on , modifying their public practices if not their private beliefs .
although a sixth of the clergy of the diocese 's 272 parishes were deprived because they refused to take the oath of allegiance to elizabeth 's church , the [rest] stayed on , modifying their public practices if not their private beliefs .

Two served for the county as a whole , the remainder came from eleven boroughs .
two served for the county as a whole , the [rest] came from eleven boroughs .

He accused Mr Lamont of ignoring the rules governing gifts to ministers after the remainder of his legal billwas met from Tory party funds .
he accused mr lamont of ignoring the rules governing gifts to ministers after the [rest] of his legal billwas met from tory party funds .

Bock , owner of the Kempinski luxury hotels chain , will buy nearly half of Rowland 's 15 per cent stake worth £50 million with an option to buy the remainder in three years .
bock , owner of the kempinski luxury hotels chain , will buy nearly half of rowland 's 15 per cent stake worth £50 million with an option to buy the [rest] in three years .

The shares were the remainder of those allotted to Abbey National savers and borrowers at the time of its flotation .
the shares were the [rest] of those allotted to abbey national savers and borrowers at the time of its flotation .

Three of these samples are from a single area close to the Gomakwe intrusion and are represented by open symbols in the figures , whereas the remainder ( solid symbols ) are from more widely spaced localities .
three of these samples are from a single area close to the gomakwe intrusion and are represented by open symbols in the figures , whereas the [rest] ( solid symbols ) are from more widely spaced localities .

On the basis of similar spectra , we assigned each of a sample of 183 cones to one of three classes and so derived the matrices shown symbolically in the remainder of Fig .
on the basis of similar spectra , we assigned each of a sample of 183 cones to one of three classes and so derived the matrices shown symbolically in the [rest] of fig .

As the level of InsP 3 rises , a fixed proportion of the stored calcium is released , with the remainder becoming accessible at higher doses .
as the level of insp 3 rises , a fixed proportion of the stored calcium is released , with the [rest] becoming accessible at higher doses .

One formula , common in Latin America , is largest remainder .
one formula , common in latin america , is largest [rest] .

Ultimately , this may be best achieved by transferring full responsibility for prisons from the states to the central government , or , if this remains politically unfeasible , by building more federal prisons as ‘ models ’ for the remainder ( an engine of reform in other countries with a similar federal structure ) .
ultimately , this may be best achieved by transferring full responsibility for prisons from the states to the central government , or , if this remains politically unfeasible , by building more federal prisons as ‘ models ’ for the [rest] ( an engine of reform in other countries with a similar federal structure ) .

The remainder were in chains , some of which belonged to the national press undertakings .
the [rest] were in chains , some of which belonged to the national press undertakings .

The remainder of those first franchises divided into second and third tiers according to the economic base provided by the populations they served .
the [rest] of those first franchises divided into second and third tiers according to the economic base provided by the populations they served .

The ones who served on the Organising Committee and the embryo Central Authority , and the remainder who joined them on appointment later in 1947 , were quite clear that they would not give up their statutorily entrenched independence to Citrine and Self .
the ones who served on the organising committee and the embryo central authority , and the [rest] who joined them on appointment later in 1947 , were quite clear that they would not give up their statutorily entrenched independence to citrine and self .

Realising that this experiment was a flop , Mr Rahal ordered two Lolas for the remainder of the season .
realising that this experiment was a flop , mr rahal ordered two lolas for the [rest] of the season .

The remainder of the screen will show whatever the customer is interested in buying .
the [rest] of the screen will show whatever the customer is interested in buying .

Main was not the only excise officer resident in Inverkeithing , and the Cunningham party , while continuing to press for Main 's reinstatement , did not neglect the remainder of the excise establishment .
main was not the only excise officer resident in inverkeithing , and the cunningham party , while continuing to press for main 's reinstatement , did not neglect the [rest] of the excise establishment .

In the remainder of this chapter , we shall try to outline :
in the [rest] of this chapter , we shall try to outline :

Finish deving your print for the remainder of your dev .
finish deving your print for the [rest] of your dev .

appeared to have little interest in the sort of discussion groups generally seen as furthering mutual support and understanding … The more able in the group felt they ‘ could n't tell us anything we do n't already know ’ or they were ‘ depressing ’ , while the remainder said that they did not like them because they made them feel inadequate . ( Barnes 1990 : 136 )
appeared to have little interest in the sort of discussion groups generally seen as furthering mutual support and understanding … the more able in the group felt they ‘ could n't tell us anything we do n't already know ’ or they were ‘ depressing ’ , while the [rest] said that they did not like them because they made them feel inadequate . ( barnes 1990 : 136 )

The Nottingham venue took the higher rated players with Corby taking the remainder .
the nottingham venue took the higher rated players with corby taking the [rest] .

Fortunately , these intrusive attempts to ‘ animate the imagination ’ have not governed the hanging of the remainder of the Gallery 's collection of Renaissance to Modern Western art .
fortunately , these intrusive attempts to ‘ animate the imagination ’ have not governed the hanging of the [rest] of the gallery 's collection of renaissance to modern western art .

Tajan will then auction a choice of the best works at the Sporting d'hiver in Monaco on 13 and14 March before returning to the villa to sell the remainder in situ over the following four days .
tajan will then auction a choice of the best works at the sporting d'hiver in monaco on 13 and14 march before returning to the villa to sell the [rest] in situ over the following four days .

If they will give the State the part of their collections considered by experts to be an important part of Russia 's national heritage , they may get permission to export the remainder .
if they will give the state the part of their collections considered by experts to be an important part of russia 's national heritage , they may get permission to export the [rest] .

In Britain , it has become customary to regard those under statutory school-leaving age , as well as women over 60 years and men over 65 , as dependent on the remainder of the population .
in britain , it has become customary to regard those under statutory school-leaving age , as well as women over 60 years and men over 65 , as dependent on the [rest] of the population .

Just 350 rooms out of more than 1000 are open to the public , with the remainder used for stores and auxiliary services .
just 350 rooms out of more than 1000 are open to the public , with the [rest] used for stores and auxiliary services .

Throughout the remainder of 1948 Britain attempted to stick to its position .
throughout the [rest] of 1948 britain attempted to stick to its position .

As we have seen , most situations had previously required the unanimous agreement of the member states , with most of the remainder requiring qualified majorities under the weighted voting system .
as we have seen , most situations had previously required the unanimous agreement of the member states , with most of the [rest] requiring qualified majorities under the weighted voting system .

The remainder deflected downwards into the rear pressurised compartment , went straight through the conduit carrying the cables to the lower rear turret , then carried on into the rear gunner 's position , perforating the hatch and embedding itself in the lagging on the armour plating at the rear of the position .
the [rest] deflected downwards into the rear pressurised compartment , went straight through the conduit carrying the cables to the lower rear turret , then carried on into the rear gunner 's position , perforating the hatch and embedding itself in the lagging on the armour plating at the rear of the position .

The first five aircraft were from the military flying school and the remainder from the local aero club .
the first five aircraft were from the military flying school and the [rest] from the local aero club .

You could raise a couple of dozen , either by culling , or leaving the remainder with the parents for recycling , unless you can get a 36″ tank .
you could raise a couple of dozen , either by culling , or leaving the [rest] with the parents for recycling , unless you can get a 36″ tank .

They hope to finish work on the school building before Easter and to complete the remainder of the project including demolition of the old school in June .
they hope to finish work on the school building before easter and to complete the [rest] of the project including demolition of the old school in june .

The remainder were taught in ‘ all age schools ’ ( ie containing children between the ages of five or seven to 14 ) .
the [rest] were taught in ‘ all age schools ’ ( ie containing children between the ages of five or seven to 14 ) .

In the remainder of the book we survey and discuss the findings of the literature relating to the comparison of national industrial relations systems and their particular aspects in terms of an analysis of the major actors and their organisations together with their activities and interactions .
in the [rest] of the book we survey and discuss the findings of the literature relating to the comparison of national industrial relations systems and their particular aspects in terms of an analysis of the major actors and their organisations together with their activities and interactions .

Throughout the remainder of the 1650s , successive governments presided over a wide diversity of religious practice ; large numbers of English men and women continued to frequent only their parish churches , many worshipped solely in gathered congregations of Independents , Baptists , and Quakers , and many more regularly attended both sectarian and parish worship .
throughout the [rest] of the 1650s , successive governments presided over a wide diversity of religious practice ; large numbers of english men and women continued to frequent only their parish churches , many worshipped solely in gathered congregations of independents , baptists , and quakers , and many more regularly attended both sectarian and parish worship .

At the beginning of the war , parliament seized the remainder of the money which Laud had collected for the repair of old St Paul 's , and the MPs later gave the scaffolding being used to repair the tower to one of its army regiments in lieu of pay .
at the beginning of the war , parliament seized the [rest] of the money which laud had collected for the repair of old st paul 's , and the mps later gave the scaffolding being used to repair the tower to one of its army regiments in lieu of pay .

Throughout the remainder of the 1530s , royal propagandists were systematically employed to justify and publicize Henry 's claim to supremacy over the English church .
throughout the [rest] of the 1530s , royal propagandists were systematically employed to justify and publicize henry 's claim to supremacy over the english church .

Although clearly designed to the specifications laid down by Ceauşescu so that it would be a suitable monument to his glory as well as a home and office for the remainder of his working life , the colossal building was always officially described as the Civic Centre .
although clearly designed to the specifications laid down by ceauşescu so that it would be a suitable monument to his glory as well as a home and office for the [rest] of his working life , the colossal building was always officially described as the civic centre .

It was decided to ‘ kick off the dust from our sandals ’ and extend the remainder of Province 5 of the Catenian Association .
it was decided to ‘ kick off the dust from our sandals ’ and extend the [rest] of province 5 of the catenian association .

About half the remainder had firm reasons for preferring cash to credit at least in this instance — because it was cheaper , or because it would avoid a chain of later bills , for example .
about half the [rest] had firm reasons for preferring cash to credit at least in this instance — because it was cheaper , or because it would avoid a chain of later bills , for example .

Now for the roof : the remainder of the two-by-twos were laid across front to back , each resting on a stud at either end .
now for the roof : the [rest] of the two-by-twos were laid across front to back , each resting on a stud at either end .

The triumph of the Ulster Workers ' Council left it with huge prestige during the remainder of the summer .
the triumph of the ulster workers ' council left it with huge prestige during the [rest] of the summer .

On Sunday , he attended Sunday school twice and church service twice and during the remainder of the day was allowed to read only the Bible and Children 's Encyclopedia .
on sunday , he attended sunday school twice and church service twice and during the [rest] of the day was allowed to read only the bible and children 's encyclopedia .

The remainder were men who had been arrested at Ardeene Hall in Rathcoole .
the [rest] were men who had been arrested at ardeene hall in rathcoole .

The remainder spent the summer waiting to be released or to receive ‘ allegations ’ which would give them something definite to contest .
the [rest] spent the summer waiting to be released or to receive ‘ allegations ’ which would give them something definite to contest .

94 % of all persons charged with offences in the anti-terrorist , nonjury courts in Belfast during the remainder of the year were convicted .
94 % of all persons charged with offences in the anti-terrorist , nonjury courts in belfast during the [rest] of the year were convicted .

17.1 If in the Publisher 's opinion the Work should cease to have a sufficiently remunerative sale the Publisher may either remainder or waste any copies remaining on hand .
17.1 if in the publisher 's opinion the work should cease to have a sufficiently remunerative sale the publisher may either [rest] or waste any copies remaining on hand .

16.1 If in the Publisher 's opinion the Work should cease to have a sufficiently remunerative sale the Publisher may either remainder or waste any copies remaining on hand .
16.1 if in the publisher 's opinion the work should cease to have a sufficiently remunerative sale the publisher may either [rest] or waste any copies remaining on hand .

Gloucester , never one for words , spoke little for the remainder of the journey , his mind and energies set on reaching London in time .
gloucester , never one for words , spoke little for the [rest] of the journey , his mind and energies set on reaching london in time .

But he also sub-divided these manifold elites into a governing elite , composed of all leaders who directly or indirectly play a part in ruling the society , and a non-governing elite who make up the remainder of the elites ( 1935 , vol .
but he also sub-divided these manifold elites into a governing elite , composed of all leaders who directly or indirectly play a part in ruling the society , and a non-governing elite who make up the [rest] of the elites ( 1935 , vol .

In different ways this fear informs all neo-Marxist thought , with which we are chiefly concerned in the remainder of this chapter .
in different ways this fear informs all neo-marxist thought , with which we are chiefly concerned in the [rest] of this chapter .

About 150 patients , the remainder inhabiting Banstead , would be transferred to community hospitals and hostels in London .
about 150 patients , the [rest] inhabiting banstead , would be transferred to community hospitals and hostels in london .

In fact , half the cases appeared in one newspaper — the Middlesex Chronicle , a local weekly — while the remainder were in the nationals .
in fact , half the cases appeared in one newspaper — the middlesex chronicle , a local weekly — while the [rest] were in the nationals .

Her brother had been in the bathroom , but he was so drugged that he had slumped against the wall and slept in a haze through the remainder of the night .
her brother had been in the bathroom , but he was so drugged that he had slumped against the wall and slept in a haze through the [rest] of the night .

The remainder of my paper will deal with the extreme contrast between two South American groups , the Shavante and the Piaroa , in their respective valuation of male maturity .
the [rest] of my paper will deal with the extreme contrast between two south american groups , the shavante and the piaroa , in their respective valuation of male maturity .

The remainder include the African whydahs and indigo birds , the cowbirds of North and South America , the honeyguides and even a duck — the black-headed duck of South America .
the [rest] include the african whydahs and indigo birds , the cowbirds of north and south america , the honeyguides and even a duck — the black-headed duck of south america .

The western American states are in on the act , too — Oregon , California and Alaska are growing at seven per cent — twice the rate of the remainder of the country .
the western american states are in on the act , too — oregon , california and alaska are growing at seven per cent — twice the rate of the [rest] of the country .

For although the tide of imperialism has ebbed considerably in most of the remainder of the world , some of the Pacific islands are still too small and their governments too feeble to stand alone as independent states .
for although the tide of imperialism has ebbed considerably in most of the [rest] of the world , some of the pacific islands are still too small and their governments too feeble to stand alone as independent states .

The remainder of the chapter considers ordinary needs in greater depth and services for special needs are discussed in Chapter 8 .
the [rest] of the chapter considers ordinary needs in greater depth and services for special needs are discussed in chapter 8 .

The remainder of such ‘ long-stayers ’ are either those who simply have nowhere suitable to live where they can be adequately supervised or those who suffer from multiple physical and mental disabilities as a result of an accident or brain disease .
the [rest] of such ‘ long-stayers ’ are either those who simply have nowhere suitable to live where they can be adequately supervised or those who suffer from multiple physical and mental disabilities as a result of an accident or brain disease .

The property may be resold with a reduced garden area and planning approval obtained for redevelopment of the remainder .
the property may be resold with a reduced garden area and planning approval obtained for redevelopment of the [rest] .

Steeply sloping sites may be totally or partially unsuitable for development and the writer can recall a site where only two thirds of the land was developable and the remainder barely suitable for inclusion in the gardens of the completed dwellings .
steeply sloping sites may be totally or partially unsuitable for development and the writer can recall a site where only two thirds of the land was developable and the [rest] barely suitable for inclusion in the gardens of the completed dwellings .

This punishment path involves two phases : a phase of expanded outputs ( lower prices ) which inflicts loss of profit on the deviant ; then the remainder of the path consists of a return to the original collusive outputs .
this punishment path involves two phases : a phase of expanded outputs ( lower prices ) which inflicts loss of profit on the deviant ; then the [rest] of the path consists of a return to the original collusive outputs .

Stephen was very quiet for the remainder of the journey back to Crystal Springs .
stephen was very quiet for the [rest] of the journey back to crystal springs .

‘ More to the point , as they struggle to find their way to the coast — having realised the nature of their predicament , pendant to an encounter with their hairy forefathers that will leave half their number blinded and trepanned and two-thirds of the remainder dying from blood poisoning — they will gradually come to see the uttermost folly of their own moral precepts , their spiritual baggage , their transcendental ballast .
‘ more to the point , as they struggle to find their way to the coast — having realised the nature of their predicament , pendant to an encounter with their hairy forefathers that will leave half their number blinded and trepanned and two-thirds of the [rest] dying from blood poisoning — they will gradually come to see the uttermost folly of their own moral precepts , their spiritual baggage , their transcendental ballast .

In the remainder of this section we shall compare the use made of the network variable in three very different studies .
in the [rest] of this section we shall compare the use made of the network variable in three very different studies .

’ Nevertheless , despite these obvious failures to protect holders of bills of lading , English merchant banks continued to buy the lion 's share of the world 's sterling documentary drafts during the remainder of the 19th century .
’ nevertheless , despite these obvious failures to protect holders of bills of lading , english merchant banks continued to buy the lion 's share of the world 's sterling documentary drafts during the [rest] of the 19th century .

The remainder of this paragraph relates to Scotland where devolution was to be greater .
the [rest] of this paragraph relates to scotland where devolution was to be greater .

Half of the total expenditure on social security is on retirement pensions and , apart from 5 per cent of the retired men , the remainder receive a full pension .
half of the total expenditure on social security is on retirement pensions and , apart from 5 per cent of the retired men , the [rest] receive a full pension .

Over 90 per cent of the women in the sample felt that tax rates did not influence their work behaviour , with the remainder being about equally divided between the other two options .
over 90 per cent of the women in the sample felt that tax rates did not influence their work behaviour , with the [rest] being about equally divided between the other two options .

It should be noted that although the total population over 65 is not expected to increase for the remainder of the twentieth century , this is due to a projected fall in the numbers aged 60/65–74 ( by 5 per cent between 1981 and 1991 ) combined with a rise in the numbers at older ages .
it should be noted that although the total population over 65 is not expected to increase for the [rest] of the twentieth century , this is due to a projected fall in the numbers aged 60/65–74 ( by 5 per cent between 1981 and 1991 ) combined with a rise in the numbers at older ages .

They believe that personal ‘ gaffer-to-man ’ contact has been responsible for removing much of the industrial conflict which they regard as plaguing the remainder of British industry .
they believe that personal ‘ gaffer-to-man ’ contact has been responsible for removing much of the industrial conflict which they regard as plaguing the [rest] of british industry .

Of the remainder , only four were from homes where the head of the household was a non-manual worker .
of the [rest] , only four were from homes where the head of the household was a non-manual worker .

The remainder was immediately sent on to the appropriate numbered Swiss account .
the [rest] was immediately sent on to the appropriate numbered swiss account .

The remainder of this chapter is divided into two sections .
the [rest] of this chapter is divided into two sections .

The remainder had all been in favour of killing her .
the [rest] had all been in favour of killing her .

When they were both soaked in the greasy oil , she watched him pour the remainder of the bottle over the rubber sheet .
when they were both soaked in the greasy oil , she watched him pour the [rest] of the bottle over the rubber sheet .

If we divide a large key by an appropriate number — probably dictated by the file storage area — and use the remainder as an address , this will provide a precise method of fitting addresses to available storage .
if we divide a large key by an appropriate number — probably dictated by the file storage area — and use the [rest] as an address , this will provide a precise method of fitting addresses to available storage .

It turns out that any number divided by 98 000 will give a remainder with the last three digits unchanged , as 98000 itself is divisible by 1000 .
it turns out that any number divided by 98 000 will give a [rest] with the last three digits unchanged , as 98000 itself is divisible by 1000 .

Primary clustering results from runs of keys , in that they will be allocated to adjacent storage positions after division ; this is dispersed by quadratic hashing , in which the final storage position of the record depends on a function of the remainder from the original division , summed with a function of the square of the remainder .
primary clustering results from runs of keys , in that they will be allocated to adjacent storage positions after division ; this is dispersed by quadratic hashing , in which the final storage position of the record depends on a function of the [rest] from the original division , summed with a function of the square of the [rest] .

Bell termed this ‘ secondary clustering ’ and showed that , by using both the quotient and the remainder from the original division , it was possible to eliminate it .
bell termed this ‘ secondary clustering ’ and showed that , by using both the quotient and the [rest] from the original division , it was possible to eliminate it .

The records in the same section can not randomize to the same address , so that synonyms arise by records in different sections having the same remainder .
the records in the same section can not randomize to the same address , so that synonyms arise by records in different sections having the same [rest] .

However , division has a fundamental advantage , which is the reason for its good performance : no two records in any single section into which the key sequence is ‘ cut ’ by division can interfere with any other in the same section , because no two different numbers can have both the same quotient and the same remainder .
however , division has a fundamental advantage , which is the reason for its good performance : no two records in any single section into which the key sequence is ‘ cut ’ by division can interfere with any other in the same section , because no two different numbers can have both the same quotient and the same [rest] .

The remainder after division by 100000 , i.e. the last digits of the nine-digit key .
the [rest] after division by 100000 , i.e. the last digits of the nine-digit key .

The remainder after division of the key by the largest prime under 100000 ( 99 991 ) .
the [rest] after division of the key by the largest prime under 100000 ( 99 991 ) .

Use the following keys to test the effectiveness of using the remainder after division as a randomizing algorithm ; divide by 37 , 41 , 43 , and 101 , and comment on the results you obtain . Can you suggest any other method of allocation of records to addresses that might reduce both wasted space and numbers of synonyms ? What might he the disadvantage of such a method if the file were larger ?
use the following keys to test the effectiveness of using the [rest] after division as a randomizing algorithm ; divide by 37 , 41 , 43 , and 101 , and comment on the results you obtain . can you suggest any other method of allocation of records to addresses that might reduce both wasted space and numbers of synonyms ? what might he the disadvantage of such a method if the file were larger ?

Of the 40 members , nine were chiefs ; the remainder belonged to the old intelligentsia .
of the 40 members , nine were chiefs ; the [rest] belonged to the old intelligentsia .

My purpose in the remainder of this chapter is to set out the main principles of exploring multidimensional language states in present-day communities , on the assumption that historical states of language must also have been multidimensional .
my purpose in the [rest] of this chapter is to set out the main principles of exploring multidimensional language states in present-day communities , on the assumption that historical states of language must also have been multidimensional .

Bearing these points in mind , the remainder of this chapter consists chiefly of a discussion of backward projection of variability , including case-studies from my own research .
bearing these points in mind , the [rest] of this chapter consists chiefly of a discussion of backward projection of variability , including case-studies from my own research .

The method of payment comprised £10 000 in debentures ( secured by a floating charge ) , 20 000 £1 shares and the remainder in cash .
the method of payment comprised £10 000 in debentures ( secured by a floating charge ) , 20 000 £1 shares and the [rest] in cash .

The remainder , a diverse assortment of economic activities which included trade , transport , telecommunications , finance , research , heaIth , education , re-creation , personal services and public administration , collectively have come to represent the service sector .
the [rest] , a diverse assortment of economic activities which included trade , transport , telecommunications , finance , research , heaith , education , re-creation , personal services and public administration , collectively have come to represent the service sector .

For the remainder of this section we shall develop the distinction between service industries and service occupations as it provides a useful starting-point to consider some of the major post-war trends in service employment .
for the [rest] of this section we shall develop the distinction between service industries and service occupations as it provides a useful starting-point to consider some of the major post-war trends in service employment .

The remainder of this book explores what the nature of that core might be .
the [rest] of this book explores what the nature of that core might be .

It was a problem ( to be discussed below in chapter 5 ) which was to perplex not only the wealthy but every level of the middle classes for the remainder of the century .
it was a problem ( to be discussed below in chapter 5 ) which was to perplex not only the wealthy but every level of the middle classes for the [rest] of the century .

The remainder , together with the open arable field , he divided into small squarish fields of eight to twelve acres each ( sometimes more or less according to the convenience of the farmers ) and parcelled out as farms among his tenants .
the [rest] , together with the open arable field , he divided into small squarish fields of eight to twelve acres each ( sometimes more or less according to the convenience of the farmers ) and parcelled out as farms among his tenants .

Only a relatively narrow width was surfaced with stone , and the remainder was left under grass as we see it today .
only a relatively narrow width was surfaced with stone , and the [rest] was left under grass as we see it today .

Of these , nearly one-third went into cotton mills , and the remainder were distributed between ironworks , collieries , copper-mines , canals ( for pumping ) and breweries .
of these , nearly one-third went into cotton mills , and the [rest] were distributed between ironworks , collieries , copper-mines , canals ( for pumping ) and breweries .

2 x 3 or 6 is the biggest number that can be divided into both 12 and 18 without leaving a remainder .
2 x 3 or 6 is the biggest number that can be divided into both 12 and 18 without leaving a [rest] .

So far you have been finding the highest number that can be divided into each example without leaving a remainder .
so far you have been finding the highest number that can be divided into each example without leaving a [rest] .

17 Find the smallest number which can be divided by 12 and 16 leaving the remainder 3 in each case .
17 find the smallest number which can be divided by 12 and 16 leaving the [rest] 3 in each case .

18 Find the highest number that can be divided into 18 , 30 25 and 42 without leaving a remainder .
18 find the highest number that can be divided into 18 , 30 25 and 42 without leaving a [rest] .

You can easily change back from an improper fraction to a mixed number by dividing the denominator into the numerator and putting the remainder over the denominator .
you can easily change back from an improper fraction to a mixed number by dividing the denominator into the numerator and putting the [rest] over the denominator .

The numerator carried into the tenths column leaves a remainder which is carried into the hundredths column .
the numerator carried into the tenths column leaves a [rest] which is carried into the hundredths column .

10 What is the smallest number that can be divided by 1 8 or 30 and leave the remainder 5 ?
10 what is the smallest number that can be divided by 1 8 or 30 and leave the [rest] 5 ?

Alternatives for remainder surrendered personnel and refugees appear to be either ( a ) they should be concentrated in the area Radstadt and responsibility for their final disarmament and picketing be assigned to 12 Army Group .
alternatives for [rest] surrendered personnel and refugees appear to be either ( a ) they should be concentrated in the area radstadt and responsibility for their final disarmament and picketing be assigned to 12 army group .

They can be grown outdoors in cool temperate climates from June-September , but will need protection the remainder of the time .
they can be grown outdoors in cool temperate climates from june-september , but will need protection the [rest] of the time .

Dissolve the alum and cream of tartar in a little boiling water , and stir into the remainder .
dissolve the alum and cream of tartar in a little boiling water , and stir into the [rest] .

Then they lunched , visited the extremely hard-working Swiss masseurs , and spent the remainder of the day resting in preparation for the rigours of the following morning .
then they lunched , visited the extremely hard-working swiss masseurs , and spent the [rest] of the day resting in preparation for the rigours of the following morning .

The super-lunar region was the remainder of the finite universe , extending from the moon 's orbit to the sphere of the stars , which marked the outer boundary of the universe .
the super-lunar region was the [rest] of the finite universe , extending from the moon 's orbit to the sphere of the stars , which marked the outer boundary of the universe .

The remainder of the chapter will be devoted to a summary of one notable attempt to analyse theories as organized structures , Imre Lakatos 's ‘ Methodology of Scientific Research Programmes ’ .
the [rest] of the chapter will be devoted to a summary of one notable attempt to analyse theories as organized structures , imre lakatos 's ‘ methodology of scientific research programmes ’ .

In Herefordshire , between 1951 and 1971 Hereford Rural District grew by 10 per cent as a result of expansion in the nearby city , and the remainder of the rural districts lost population at rates ranging between 3.8 and 20 per cent ( Dunn 1976 ) .
in herefordshire , between 1951 and 1971 hereford rural district grew by 10 per cent as a result of expansion in the nearby city , and the [rest] of the rural districts lost population at rates ranging between 3.8 and 20 per cent ( dunn 1976 ) .

Most of these areas were urban centres on the coast or their immediate rural hinterlands , and the remainder were small inland towns .
most of these areas were urban centres on the coast or their immediate rural hinterlands , and the [rest] were small inland towns .

This is clearly the case in East Horsley , Surrey , where Connell ( 1974 ) has shown that spatial segregation was most clearly defined in the council estates , which were often morphologically distinct and separated by a considerable distance from the remainder of the village .
this is clearly the case in east horsley , surrey , where connell ( 1974 ) has shown that spatial segregation was most clearly defined in the council estates , which were often morphologically distinct and separated by a considerable distance from the [rest] of the village .

This is not strictly so , however , since if the husband takes the car for work , the remainder of the family ( which could include one or more members attempting to reach work or services themselves ) are effectively marooned until he returns ( Moseley 1979a ; Phillips 1981 ) .
this is not strictly so , however , since if the husband takes the car for work , the [rest] of the family ( which could include one or more members attempting to reach work or services themselves ) are effectively marooned until he returns ( moseley 1979a ; phillips 1981 ) .

However , school children pay only about two-thirds of the adult fare and for only 200 days of the year , and for the remainder of the time adult passengers may not be numerous enough to cover operating costs .
however , school children pay only about two-thirds of the adult fare and for only 200 days of the year , and for the [rest] of the time adult passengers may not be numerous enough to cover operating costs .

At the simplest level , it can be argued that the concentration of growth in a small number of settlements will ease pressure on , and help to preserve , the remainder of the countryside .
at the simplest level , it can be argued that the concentration of growth in a small number of settlements will ease pressure on , and help to preserve , the [rest] of the countryside .

Of the remainder , significantly more Asians were cautioned ( 72 per cent .
of the [rest] , significantly more asians were cautioned ( 72 per cent .

‘ What 's the matter , Hughie ? ’ Haverford ground his cigarette out into the remainder of the butter left on his croissant plate and gave what he described as one of his ‘ nice loose coughs ’ as he grinned at his son-in-law . ‘ Have n't you got a thing to wear , darling ? ’
‘ what 's the matter , hughie ? ’ haverford ground his cigarette out into the [rest] of the butter left on his croissant plate and gave what he described as one of his ‘ nice loose coughs ’ as he grinned at his son-in-law . ‘ have n't you got a thing to wear , darling ? ’

The remainder of the followers now spread out around the clear area — a makeshift poteau mitan — touching their candle flames to one of the pyres and then laying their candles on the ground at the edge of the clear ground .
the [rest] of the followers now spread out around the clear area — a makeshift poteau mitan — touching their candle flames to one of the pyres and then laying their candles on the ground at the edge of the clear ground .

Alice thought it a wonderful gesture , and for the remainder of the journey they discussed their joint wish to make Will and Martha Pritchett financially secure for the rest of their lives .
alice thought it a wonderful gesture , and for the [rest] of the journey they discussed their joint wish to make will and martha pritchett financially secure for the rest of their lives .

The remainder of Cynthia 's visit was spent in supporting Dorothy 's arm while she wrote a letter that was to be given to the solicitor — a Mr Graham Lytham of Messrs Granby , Hemingford and Bowles — and handed in person to Dorothy 's son when he received his gift .
the [rest] of cynthia 's visit was spent in supporting dorothy 's arm while she wrote a letter that was to be given to the solicitor — a mr graham lytham of messrs granby , hemingford and bowles — and handed in person to dorothy 's son when he received his gift .

Much of the initial cost of setting up the campaign was covered either by various committee members somehow doing things for free or came from the remainder of the money raised at the Comedy Store .
much of the initial cost of setting up the campaign was covered either by various committee members somehow doing things for free or came from the [rest] of the money raised at the comedy store .

Sir , As one of the leading remainder dealers , we find all the negative press about us quite amusing .
sir , as one of the leading [rest] dealers , we find all the negative press about us quite amusing .

For far too long remainder dealers have been regarded as ‘ congenial undertakers ’ .
for far too long [rest] dealers have been regarded as ‘ congenial undertakers ’ .

The bulk of the money is raised by taxation — by taxes on income or taxes on expenditure — and the remainder by rent and interests , etc .
the bulk of the money is raised by taxation — by taxes on income or taxes on expenditure — and the [rest] by rent and interests , etc .

Local authority money is made up of around 48 per cent in grants from the government , 35 per cent from rates and 6 per cent from rents , the remainder being from interest , dividends and borrowing .
local authority money is made up of around 48 per cent in grants from the government , 35 per cent from rates and 6 per cent from rents , the [rest] being from interest , dividends and borrowing .

Of the remainder , another 25–35 % will be too advanced for curative treatment and will turn out to be unresectable if surgery is attempted .
of the [rest] , another 25–35 % will be too advanced for curative treatment and will turn out to be unresectable if surgery is attempted .

There were no trends in death from cardiovascular or non-cardiovascular disease with length , though men whose length at birth was 20 inches ( 50.8 cm ) or less had a standardised mortality ratio of 103 from cardiovascular disease , compared with 93 in the remainder .
there were no trends in death from cardiovascular or non-cardiovascular disease with length , though men whose length at birth was 20 inches ( 50.8 cm ) or less had a standardised mortality ratio of 103 from cardiovascular disease , compared with 93 in the [rest] .

There is good evidence from the old literature and more recent studies to show that single dose treatment is highly effective in this context and is also a useful guide as to how to manage the woman for the remainder of the pregnancy .
there is good evidence from the old literature and more recent studies to show that single dose treatment is highly effective in this context and is also a useful guide as to how to manage the woman for the [rest] of the pregnancy .

The lasting impression of last week 's London International Book Fair , to an antipodean publisher and book marketer who was not emotionally or financially involved in proceedings , was the niggling worry that so much time , money and energy is poured into books that the world does n't need or — if the buzzing basement gathering of remainder specialists is a useful gauge — actually want either .
the lasting impression of last week 's london international book fair , to an antipodean publisher and book marketer who was not emotionally or financially involved in proceedings , was the niggling worry that so much time , money and energy is poured into books that the world does n't need or — if the buzzing basement gathering of [rest] specialists is a useful gauge — actually want either .

After the Lord 's Test , further cures were tried , even a light weight metal sleeve over the elbow , but nothing worked and the unlucky Griffin was condemned to play out the remainder of the tour as an occasional batsman .
after the lord 's test , further cures were tried , even a light weight metal sleeve over the elbow , but nothing worked and the unlucky griffin was condemned to play out the [rest] of the tour as an occasional batsman .

The following diagnoses were suggested in the remainder : no changes in physiological signals in three , skin perfusion disturbances in three , severe hyoxaemic events ( confirmed to be due to epilepsy ) in one , suffocation in five , and fabricated data in five .
the following diagnoses were suggested in the [rest] : no changes in physiological signals in three , skin perfusion disturbances in three , severe hyoxaemic events ( confirmed to be due to epilepsy ) in one , suffocation in five , and fabricated data in five .

Thirdly , for the remainder , the birth prevalence of rare or heterogeneous congenital abnormality groups was based on the Hungarian congenital abnormality register 1977–81 .
thirdly , for the [rest] , the birth prevalence of rare or heterogeneous congenital abnormality groups was based on the hungarian congenital abnormality register 1977–81 .

The remainder of Scotland was regarded as ‘ rural .
the [rest] of scotland was regarded as ‘ rural .

The remainder were not followed up further .
the [rest] were not followed up further .

Obviously excluding more severe cases results in bias because the remainder are less severe .
obviously excluding more severe cases results in bias because the [rest] are less severe .

About 40 % of funding for the public hospitals comes from the federal government , nearly 50 % from state governments , and the remainder from private health insurance .
about 40 % of funding for the public hospitals comes from the federal government , nearly 50 % from state governments , and the [rest] from private health insurance .

The remainder is to establish community controlled health services and facilities and includes substance abuse , education , and prevention projects .
the [rest] is to establish community controlled health services and facilities and includes substance abuse , education , and prevention projects .

No one can have done more for the historian studying Islay than Mrs Lucy Ramsay who had " The Book of Islay " and " The Stent Book & Acts of the Bailliary of Islay " prepared for publication Two hundred and fifty copies of each were printed privately , about fifty were presented to friends and libraries and the remainder lost in a fire at a warehouse in Glasgow .
no one can have done more for the historian studying islay than mrs lucy ramsay who had " the book of islay " and " the stent book & acts of the bailliary of islay " prepared for publication two hundred and fifty copies of each were printed privately , about fifty were presented to friends and libraries and the [rest] lost in a fire at a warehouse in glasgow .

1773 " To be levied for finishing the Church yeard Dyke of Kilchoman and the Remainder thereof to be applied towards building the Church yeard Dyke of Kildalton with future collections , till the same be Completed . "
1773 " to be levied for finishing the church yeard dyke of kilchoman and the [rest] thereof to be applied towards building the church yeard dyke of kildalton with future collections , till the same be completed . "

No one can have done more for the historian studying Islay than Mrs Lucy Ramsay who had " The Book of Islay " and " The Stent Book & Acts of the Bailliary of Islay " prepared for publication Two hundred and fifty copies of each were printed privately , about fifty were presented to friends and libraries and the remainder lost in a fire at a warehouse in Glasgow .
no one can have done more for the historian studying islay than mrs lucy ramsay who had " the book of islay " and " the stent book & acts of the bailliary of islay " prepared for publication two hundred and fifty copies of each were printed privately , about fifty were presented to friends and libraries and the [rest] lost in a fire at a warehouse in glasgow .

1773 " To be levied for finishing the Church yeard Dyke of Kilchoman and the Remainder thereof to be applied towards building the Church yeard Dyke of Kildalton with future collections , till the same be Completed . "
1773 " to be levied for finishing the church yeard dyke of kilchoman and the [rest] thereof to be applied towards building the church yeard dyke of kildalton with future collections , till the same be completed . "

From the remainder , patients representing 12 times the number of participating general practitioners in the practice were selected randomly .
from the [rest] , patients representing 12 times the number of participating general practitioners in the practice were selected randomly .

The remainder would be in psychogeriatric assessment wards and in the long-stay wards of psychiatric hospitals .
the [rest] would be in psychogeriatric assessment wards and in the long-stay wards of psychiatric hospitals .

Together they devoted the remainder of their lives to the service of deaf people .
together they devoted the [rest] of their lives to the service of deaf people .

Nizan was clearly showing the first signs of a defensive strategy that he would deploy to great effect throughout the remainder of his life .
nizan was clearly showing the first signs of a defensive strategy that he would deploy to great effect throughout the [rest] of his life .

Finish deving your print for the remainder of your dev .
finish deving your print for the [rest] of your dev .

For the remainder with pre-fibrotic lung infiltration , about 7 % will progress to respiratory failure , right ventricular failure , and death within 10 to 15 years .
for the [rest] with pre-fibrotic lung infiltration , about 7 % will progress to respiratory failure , right ventricular failure , and death within 10 to 15 years .

Of the remainder , 70 % ( 182/352 ) gave ill health as a reason .
of the [rest] , 70 % ( 182/352 ) gave ill health as a reason .

Note : North Tyneside comprises the areas of the 1971 Newcastle City , Tyne mouth County Borough and Wallsend Borough ( the centre ) , the remainder of the present authorities of Newcastle and North Tyneside ( the inner ring ) , and the areas of Castle Morpeth and Blyth Valley Districts ( the outer ring ) .
note : north tyneside comprises the areas of the 1971 newcastle city , tyne mouth county borough and wallsend borough ( the centre ) , the [rest] of the present authorities of newcastle and north tyneside ( the inner ring ) , and the areas of castle morpeth and blyth valley districts ( the outer ring ) .

The remainder live in private households .
the [rest] live in private households .

Some decisions are shared equally and the remainder are split between husband and wife .
some decisions are shared equally and the [rest] are split between husband and wife .

In fact , petitions — which are scarcely known before 1272 — quickly became so numerous that by 1280 most were being redirected to the appropriate departments of royal government ( the exchequer and the chancery above all ) and only the remainder were dealt with by the king .
in fact , petitions — which are scarcely known before 1272 — quickly became so numerous that by 1280 most were being redirected to the appropriate departments of royal government ( the exchequer and the chancery above all ) and only the [rest] were dealt with by the king .

The remainder of this section is concerned with the first route .
the [rest] of this section is concerned with the first route .

For you can not subtract from the conception of your pain that part of it which is you , the subject , and substitute the notion of another subject ( something like you but not you ) while supposing that the remainder ( the painfulness ) stays unchanged .
for you can not subtract from the conception of your pain that part of it which is you , the subject , and substitute the notion of another subject ( something like you but not you ) while supposing that the [rest] ( the painfulness ) stays unchanged .

To the extent that we can say what it means , our answer is dependent upon the nature of the remainder of the theory surrounding the sentence .
to the extent that we can say what it means , our answer is dependent upon the nature of the [rest] of the theory surrounding the sentence .

As there are at present few materials focusing on this aspect of discourse , the remainder of 8 suggests what such relevant activities might be .
as there are at present few materials focusing on this aspect of discourse , the [rest] of 8 suggests what such relevant activities might be .

one that has been on sale in the shop at full price for not less than 28 consecutive days during the preceding six months ) and a ‘ special purchase ’ , such as a remainder or bargain book .
one that has been on sale in the shop at full price for not less than 28 consecutive days during the preceding six months ) and a ‘ special purchase ’ , such as a [rest] or bargain book .

The remainder of section 44 governs the relationship between an appointed representative and his or its principal .
the [rest] of section 44 governs the relationship between an appointed representative and his or its principal .

( 2 ) For the purposes of subsection ( 1 ) ( a ) a fishing vessel is British-owned if — ( a ) the legal title to the vessel is vested wholly in one or more qualified persons or companies ; and ( b ) the vessel is beneficially owned — ( i ) as to not less than the relevant percentage of the property in the vessel , by one or more qualified persons , or ( ii ) wholly by a qualified company or companies , or ( iii ) by one or more qualified companies and , as to not less than the relevant percentage of the remainder of the property in the vessel , by one or more qualified persons .
( 2 ) for the purposes of subsection ( 1 ) ( a ) a fishing vessel is british-owned if — ( a ) the legal title to the vessel is vested wholly in one or more qualified persons or companies ; and ( b ) the vessel is beneficially owned — ( i ) as to not less than the relevant percentage of the property in the vessel , by one or more qualified persons , or ( ii ) wholly by a qualified company or companies , or ( iii ) by one or more qualified companies and , as to not less than the relevant percentage of the [rest] of the property in the vessel , by one or more qualified persons .

However , it was agreed at the outset of this appeal by Mr. Leonard that these two latter matters would only arise for consideration in the event that his contentions upon his first and principal ground of appeal were upheld in this court ; and in the circumstances we heard argument from both sides upon that ground separately and distinct from the remainder of the matters raised in this appeal .
however , it was agreed at the outset of this appeal by mr. leonard that these two latter matters would only arise for consideration in the event that his contentions upon his first and principal ground of appeal were upheld in this court ; and in the circumstances we heard argument from both sides upon that ground separately and distinct from the [rest] of the matters raised in this appeal .

By re-amended notice of appeal dated 30 August 1991 the defendants sought an order to set aside or vary the judge 's order or to order a retrial and sought leave to adduce fresh evidence on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the judge had erred in law in failing to take into account ( a ) the lack of a penal notice on the order which it was claimed that the appellants had breached ; and ( b ) the plaintiff 's delay of 18 months in applying for the committal order ; ( 2 ) that the judge 's decision was arrived at without regard to fresh evidence which the defendants had obtained since the hearing , part of which related to matters subsequent to the hearing and the remainder of which could not have been obtained with reasonable diligence ; which , if given , would probably have had an important influence on the result , which was credible and which should , therefore , be admitted ; ( 3 ) that , alternatively , the court should exercise its discretion to admit the fresh evidence as the liberty of the defendants was at risk ; and ( 4 ) that the sentence imposed was excessive .
by re-amended notice of appeal dated 30 august 1991 the defendants sought an order to set aside or vary the judge 's order or to order a retrial and sought leave to adduce fresh evidence on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the judge had erred in law in failing to take into account ( a ) the lack of a penal notice on the order which it was claimed that the appellants had breached ; and ( b ) the plaintiff 's delay of 18 months in applying for the committal order ; ( 2 ) that the judge 's decision was arrived at without regard to fresh evidence which the defendants had obtained since the hearing , part of which related to matters subsequent to the hearing and the [rest] of which could not have been obtained with reasonable diligence ; which , if given , would probably have had an important influence on the result , which was credible and which should , therefore , be admitted ; ( 3 ) that , alternatively , the court should exercise its discretion to admit the fresh evidence as the liberty of the defendants was at risk ; and ( 4 ) that the sentence imposed was excessive .

If the 1930 agreement had taken effect fully , there could never have come a time when the freehold to the remainder of No .
if the 1930 agreement had taken effect fully , there could never have come a time when the freehold to the [rest] of no .

The remainder of the costs will be covered by the entry fee — £14,850 each from participants — and corporate sponsorship of individual yachts .
the [rest] of the costs will be covered by the entry fee — £14,850 each from participants — and corporate sponsorship of individual yachts .

The first money was the remainder of the CIAs coup fund in Roosevelts safe .
the first money was the [rest] of the cias coup fund in roosevelts safe .

Pipe or spoon 16 × 1in ( 2.5cm ) balls on to baking sheet , then pipe or spoon the remainder of choux pastry in a single circle around edge of shortcrust pastry .
pipe or spoon 16 × 1in ( 2.5cm ) balls on to baking sheet , then pipe or spoon the [rest] of choux pastry in a single circle around edge of shortcrust pastry .

Liquidise remainder , adding liquid .
liquidise [rest] , adding liquid .

14.03 : Took remainder of class to small woods next to School .
14.03 : took [rest] of class to small woods next to school .

Tony remained at St Augustine 's for the remainder of his schooldays , a period of eighteen months .
tony remained at st augustine 's for the [rest] of his schooldays , a period of eighteen months .

The remainder were either on Youth Opportunity schemes , the dole , or had re-entered education .
the [rest] were either on youth opportunity schemes , the dole , or had re-entered education .

What will be attempted in the remainder of this book is to provide , for accountants and financial-management students , an appreciation of developments in these other fields , together with discussion of some issues which relate to the problem of trying to integrate these different disciplinary views .
what will be attempted in the [rest] of this book is to provide , for accountants and financial-management students , an appreciation of developments in these other fields , together with discussion of some issues which relate to the problem of trying to integrate these different disciplinary views .

The remainder of the analysis in this section , and in the third section of chapter 6 , rests on work initiated by Marshall ( 1985 ) and reported in Marshall and Tomkins ( 1988 ) .
the [rest] of the analysis in this section , and in the third section of chapter 6 , rests on work initiated by marshall ( 1985 ) and reported in marshall and tomkins ( 1988 ) .

After an endless pause , Roman swung away to drain the remainder of his gin and tonic , snapping the glass back on the table with a decisive click .
after an endless pause , roman swung away to drain the [rest] of his gin and tonic , snapping the glass back on the table with a decisive click .

He straightened to kiss her with lazy possessiveness on her mouth , his tongue devouring her even as he was impatiently unbuckling the waist of his trousers , dispensing with the remainder of his clothes with rough masculine haste .
he straightened to kiss her with lazy possessiveness on her mouth , his tongue devouring her even as he was impatiently unbuckling the waist of his trousers , dispensing with the [rest] of his clothes with rough masculine haste .

The remainder is the amount of fabric which will be fitted into the pleats .
the [rest] is the amount of fabric which will be fitted into the pleats .

He tucked the bills behind the clock and swept the remainder of his correspondence into the bin .
he tucked the bills behind the clock and swept the [rest] of his correspondence into the bin .

He divided the remainder into two piles .
he divided the [rest] into two piles .

During the remainder of the year , the wife might turn to sewing , boxmaking or mangling , as required .
during the [rest] of the year , the wife might turn to sewing , boxmaking or mangling , as required .

The table top and the bottle provide the main compositional accents , while the remainder of the surface is broken down in secondary vertical and horizontal sections .
the table top and the bottle provide the main compositional accents , while the [rest] of the surface is broken down in secondary vertical and horizontal sections .

Following these calculations the government deducts the value of specific and supplementary grants ( including domestic rate relief grant ) and distributes the remainder as block grant ( see Table 8.1 ) .
following these calculations the government deducts the value of specific and supplementary grants ( including domestic rate relief grant ) and distributes the [rest] as block grant ( see table 8.1 ) .

Selznick 's study of the Tennessee Valley Authority and Kaufman 's study of the Forest Ranger in the United States both stress the importance of the transmission of sets of values from dominant members of the organisation to the remainder of the organisation as an important feature of the functioning of the organisation — it establishes control within the organisation and presents sponsors of the organisation in Washington with a clear image of the organisation 's ‘ mission ’ .
selznick 's study of the tennessee valley authority and kaufman 's study of the forest ranger in the united states both stress the importance of the transmission of sets of values from dominant members of the organisation to the [rest] of the organisation as an important feature of the functioning of the organisation — it establishes control within the organisation and presents sponsors of the organisation in washington with a clear image of the organisation 's ‘ mission ’ .

Engaging in sustained interactions with a relatively small proportion of the class presupposes that the remainder are willing and able to work with little attention .
engaging in sustained interactions with a relatively small proportion of the class presupposes that the [rest] are willing and able to work with little attention .

In 1989 , 780,000 children under 5 were receiving day care in the United Kingdom , only 34,000 of them in state day nurseries ( 50,000 were in private nurseries and the remainder with playgroups and child minders ) .
in 1989 , 780,000 children under 5 were receiving day care in the united kingdom , only 34,000 of them in state day nurseries ( 50,000 were in private nurseries and the [rest] with playgroups and child minders ) .

If only she were able to stay here for the remainder of the holiday ; but perhaps with Mum and Dad away , even here might start to haunt her .
if only she were able to stay here for the [rest] of the holiday ; but perhaps with mum and dad away , even here might start to haunt her .

of sugar over five years , 20 per cent of which was to be paid for in hard currency and the remainder in Soviet goods , including 6 million barrels of oil per year .
of sugar over five years , 20 per cent of which was to be paid for in hard currency and the [rest] in soviet goods , including 6 million barrels of oil per year .

of Soviet crude oil during the remainder of 1960 , in order to comply with the government 's new purchasing arrangements .
of soviet crude oil during the [rest] of 1960 , in order to comply with the government 's new purchasing arrangements .

The remainder form the Commander 's executive squad ; provide for specialized ‘ chemical agent ’ responses ; man a ‘ prison wagon ’ ; and provide vehicle security .
the [rest] form the commander 's executive squad ; provide for specialized ‘ chemical agent ’ responses ; man a ‘ prison wagon ’ ; and provide vehicle security .

They made only a short distance in the remainder of that day , for Miss Fergusson demanded frequent rests .
they made only a short distance in the [rest] of that day , for miss fergusson demanded frequent rests .

It haunts the remainder of the passage .
it haunts the [rest] of the passage .

The plot of the remainder of the novel revolves around a series of attempted rebellions by various factions at the convention who are critical of the way it is organized .
the plot of the [rest] of the novel revolves around a series of attempted rebellions by various factions at the convention who are critical of the way it is organized .

With a repayment mortgage , you pay back a monthly sum which is not only a proportion of the outstanding debt but also interest on the remainder .
with a repayment mortgage , you pay back a monthly sum which is not only a proportion of the outstanding debt but also interest on the [rest] .

Push breadcrumbs into dish to thicken juices , sprinkle with remainder and bake for 1 hour .
push breadcrumbs into dish to thicken juices , sprinkle with [rest] and bake for 1 hour .

For example , a couple may own a second home , with the wife having an 80 per cent share and her husband the remainder .
for example , a couple may own a second home , with the wife having an 80 per cent share and her husband the [rest] .

The remainder of the canal also forms part of the course of the Birmingham Century Marathon .
the [rest] of the canal also forms part of the course of the birmingham century marathon .

Hayling Island Sailing Club have encouraged many of their Contender sailors to change to International Canoes with the remainder likely to follow .
hayling island sailing club have encouraged many of their contender sailors to change to international canoes with the [rest] likely to follow .

The majority are deterred by the garden 's high altitude and exposure to winds , whilst ladybirds or resident blue tits feeding their young devour the remainder .
the majority are deterred by the garden 's high altitude and exposure to winds , whilst ladybirds or resident blue tits feeding their young devour the [rest] .

For the remainder of the Thirties , Parks developed his unique talent for catching beautiful women in mid-air , as it were , and the pictures that appeared in the pages of Harpers Bazaar at the time represent an important stage in the development of naturalistic fashion photography .
for the [rest] of the thirties , parks developed his unique talent for catching beautiful women in mid-air , as it were , and the pictures that appeared in the pages of harpers bazaar at the time represent an important stage in the development of naturalistic fashion photography .

The purpose of the remainder of this chapter is to analyse the changing structure and composition of the national population , assess the principal dimensions of population redistribution , and examine the impact which both these sources of change are having on the geography of Britain .
the purpose of the [rest] of this chapter is to analyse the changing structure and composition of the national population , assess the principal dimensions of population redistribution , and examine the impact which both these sources of change are having on the geography of britain .

In terms of overall rate of population growth , the gap between the four regions of the South and those comprising the rest of Great Britain — which had narrowed to only 1.6 points ( per thousand people a year ) in 1974–77 — widened progressively through the remainder of the 1970s and into the 1980s ( Table 4.2 ) .
in terms of overall rate of population growth , the gap between the four regions of the south and those comprising the rest of great britain — which had narrowed to only 1.6 points ( per thousand people a year ) in 1974–77 — widened progressively through the [rest] of the 1970s and into the 1980s ( table 4.2 ) .

The training to be described in the remainder of this article is that which is currently being offered by the Inner London Education Authority .
the training to be described in the [rest] of this article is that which is currently being offered by the inner london education authority .

All this was little more than the Ministry of Health could offer in 1935 as advice for scheme preparation , in guidance which remained in force for the remainder of the decade .
all this was little more than the ministry of health could offer in 1935 as advice for scheme preparation , in guidance which remained in force for the [rest] of the decade .

Much more was to follow : a Royal Commission chaired by Sir John Maud ( later Lord Redcliffe Maud ) recommended the creation of a small number of two-tier authorities for the metropolitan areas of England ( plus Hampshire ) with the remainder of the country divided into 52 single-tier , unitary authorities .
much more was to follow : a royal commission chaired by sir john maud ( later lord redcliffe maud ) recommended the creation of a small number of two-tier authorities for the metropolitan areas of england ( plus hampshire ) with the [rest] of the country divided into 52 single-tier , unitary authorities .

They drove most of the remainder of the journey in silence , speeding through Kent into West Sussex , along roads flanked by hedges and trees , past isolated houses and farms .
they drove most of the [rest] of the journey in silence , speeding through kent into west sussex , along roads flanked by hedges and trees , past isolated houses and farms .

In the case of a building which consists of a multi-storey part where this has been vertically compartmented from the remainder each part may be considered separately .
in the case of a building which consists of a multi-storey part where this has been vertically compartmented from the [rest] each part may be considered separately .

Individual pages can be adjusted at any time to allow for changes and these alterations cause the remainder of the document to be re-structured completely automatically .
individual pages can be adjusted at any time to allow for changes and these alterations cause the [rest] of the document to be re-structured completely automatically .

During the homeward voyage Wallich collected a variety of marine organisms , thus beginning the study of oceanography which was to dominate the remainder of his life .
during the homeward voyage wallich collected a variety of marine organisms , thus beginning the study of oceanography which was to dominate the [rest] of his life .

He was better placed in a university than in a school , and enjoyed more than he could have done in any other society the life of that great college , which was to be his home for the remainder of his life .
he was better placed in a university than in a school , and enjoyed more than he could have done in any other society the life of that great college , which was to be his home for the [rest] of his life .

Disputes with that Chesapeake neighbour would trouble the new Lord Baltimore for the remainder of his life .
disputes with that chesapeake neighbour would trouble the new lord baltimore for the [rest] of his life .

The period between the wars coincided with the remainder of his working life and was highly formative for Britain 's later intelligence system .
the period between the wars coincided with the [rest] of his working life and was highly formative for britain 's later intelligence system .

Wastell bought a house in Bury before 1490 and was living there for much of the remainder of his life .
wastell bought a house in bury before 1490 and was living there for much of the [rest] of his life .

For the remainder of his life he was to be closely associated with the building of Salisbury 's new cathedral .
for the [rest] of his life he was to be closely associated with the building of salisbury 's new cathedral .

He left four-fifths of his residuary estate to the Royal Society and the remainder to the Society of Chemical Industry , stipulating that the capital should be kept intact and the income used to encourage scientific research .
he left four-fifths of his residuary estate to the royal society and the [rest] to the society of chemical industry , stipulating that the capital should be kept intact and the income used to encourage scientific research .

However , Sir George 's plan of making the remainder of the timber-framed house ‘ suitable ’ to the gatehouse was not fulfilled .
however , sir george 's plan of making the [rest] of the timber-framed house ‘ suitable ’ to the gatehouse was not fulfilled .

Cocks was only ten years old when his father died , leaving him heir to his paternal grandfather 's baronetcy and estate at Dumbleton , Gloucestershire , and the remainder of his upbringing was entrusted to the strict guidance of his elder sister , Dorothy , who regulated the family to her own pattern of godliness .
cocks was only ten years old when his father died , leaving him heir to his paternal grandfather 's baronetcy and estate at dumbleton , gloucestershire , and the [rest] of his upbringing was entrusted to the strict guidance of his elder sister , dorothy , who regulated the family to her own pattern of godliness .

The style which he created strongly influenced English art for the remainder of the twelfth century , and found echoes on the Continent .
the style which he created strongly influenced english art for the [rest] of the twelfth century , and found echoes on the continent .

Some of the manuscript diaries had already been destroyed by his widow , and the bulk of the remainder were also destroyed in obscure circumstances by his niece , into whose hands they had passed , in the 1950s .
some of the manuscript diaries had already been destroyed by his widow , and the bulk of the [rest] were also destroyed in obscure circumstances by his niece , into whose hands they had passed , in the 1950s .

In 1878 he was appointed minister of the New West End synagogue , then in the course of erection in St Petersburgh Place , west London ; he served as its minister for the remainder of his life .
in 1878 he was appointed minister of the new west end synagogue , then in the course of erection in st petersburgh place , west london ; he served as its minister for the [rest] of his life .

Moulton was directed to try to stem unrest in the remainder of the fleet , and also did his best to rally support for Parliament among shipowners and seafarers in London .
moulton was directed to try to stem unrest in the [rest] of the fleet , and also did his best to rally support for parliament among shipowners and seafarers in london .

, whose baronetcy he inherited by special remainder in 1873 , together with his estate at Broomhill near Tunbridge Wells .
, whose baronetcy he inherited by special [rest] in 1873 , together with his estate at broomhill near tunbridge wells .

As regards these latter matters , it will be assumed for the remainder of the chapter , unless the contrary is stated , that a company has capacity to grant the security and that the directors were not acting in breach of their duty to the company or exceeding their authority .
as regards these latter matters , it will be assumed for the [rest] of the chapter , unless the contrary is stated , that a company has capacity to grant the security and that the directors were not acting in breach of their duty to the company or exceeding their authority .

Although it appears to be grammatically linked to the remainder of the subsection , it is not qualified by much of what appears before it .
although it appears to be grammatically linked to the [rest] of the subsection , it is not qualified by much of what appears before it .

’ This was the phraseology employed in the Theatres Act 1968 , but when the Bill was hurriedly amended , it was decided to bring the Theatres Act terminology into line with the remainder of the Act , and substitute ‘ having regard to all the circumstances .
’ this was the phraseology employed in the theatres act 1968 , but when the bill was hurriedly amended , it was decided to bring the theatres act terminology into line with the [rest] of the act , and substitute ‘ having regard to all the circumstances .

Since we wish to discuss both words and affixes we will use the more general term lexical item ( rather than word ) for the remainder of this chapter .
since we wish to discuss both words and affixes we will use the more general term lexical item ( rather than word ) for the [rest] of this chapter .

In the first year , over half of the finance came from the Consultative Committee of Accountancy Bodies and the Government ( mostly from fees charged on companies ) , while the remainder came from the Stock Exchange and the Bank of England .
in the first year , over half of the finance came from the consultative committee of accountancy bodies and the government ( mostly from fees charged on companies ) , while the [rest] came from the stock exchange and the bank of england .

For the remainder , the position is more difficult .
for the [rest] , the position is more difficult .

One important theme in the remainder of this chapter is the extent to which a modular course design has made it easier or harder to seize opportunities and work within constraints .
one important theme in the [rest] of this chapter is the extent to which a modular course design has made it easier or harder to seize opportunities and work within constraints .

In the remainder of this chapter these issues are tackled in the following way .
in the [rest] of this chapter these issues are tackled in the following way .

In the remainder of his paper Waterhouse 's intention is to urge preservation of some of the radical and progressive emphases of the pioneers into the new instrumentalist era .
in the [rest] of his paper waterhouse 's intention is to urge preservation of some of the radical and progressive emphases of the pioneers into the new instrumentalist era .

They attracted criticism from a number of quarters and only 29 remain , run by the Trading Standards Departments of 20 local authorities ; the remainder fell victim to a political change in the relevant local authority coupled with the withdrawal of central government funding .
they attracted criticism from a number of quarters and only 29 remain , run by the trading standards departments of 20 local authorities ; the [rest] fell victim to a political change in the relevant local authority coupled with the withdrawal of central government funding .

The remainder and promotional floor has only two stands left , and the small press area is full .
the [rest] and promotional floor has only two stands left , and the small press area is full .

Book Bargains Ltd , the specialist remainder chain founded by Philip Weatherburn 14 years ago and put up for sale earlier this month , is in liquidation .
book bargains ltd , the specialist [rest] chain founded by philip weatherburn 14 years ago and put up for sale earlier this month , is in liquidation .

The remainder is absorbed within and beneath the clouds .
the [rest] is absorbed within and beneath the clouds .

The surface of Mercury , broadly speaking , can be divided into two types of terrain , heavily cratered terrain , which accounts for about 80% of the imaged hemisphere , and smooth plains , which accounts for the remainder .
the surface of mercury , broadly speaking , can be divided into two types of terrain , heavily cratered terrain , which accounts for about 80% of the imaged hemisphere , and smooth plains , which accounts for the [rest] .

Jupiter is now known to have at least sixteen satellites , though the remainder are much smaller than the Galileans .
jupiter is now known to have at least sixteen satellites , though the [rest] are much smaller than the galileans .

People living in the houses were also less likely to be in the company of individuals who had competing needs to their own ; clients living in staffed houses were likely to be the only service user in the room for 63 per cent of the time ( and mostly with just one other for the remainder ) , compared with 42 per cent in the three ‘ campus ’ houses , 33 per cent in ordinary hospital wards and 27 per cent in special units .
people living in the houses were also less likely to be in the company of individuals who had competing needs to their own ; clients living in staffed houses were likely to be the only service user in the room for 63 per cent of the time ( and mostly with just one other for the [rest] ) , compared with 42 per cent in the three ‘ campus ’ houses , 33 per cent in ordinary hospital wards and 27 per cent in special units .

However , the remainder of the book loses , perhaps in its attempt to provide an overview , the sharpness of analysis which is needed to shape good practice .
however , the [rest] of the book loses , perhaps in its attempt to provide an overview , the sharpness of analysis which is needed to shape good practice .

The remainder , very carelessly and messily written , was supplied by an unidentified copyist , who contributed nothing else to the score ; and it lacks trumpet parts , though he left staves for them .
the [rest] , very carelessly and messily written , was supplied by an unidentified copyist , who contributed nothing else to the score ; and it lacks trumpet parts , though he left staves for them .

More probably he had not yet composed much beyond the opening of the movement ; accordingly , after writing in these first few bars , he left space for the remainder of the movement to be inserted once it was finished , and another copyist took up the task of fair-copying subsequent movements which Purcell had already drafted .
more probably he had not yet composed much beyond the opening of the movement ; accordingly , after writing in these first few bars , he left space for the [rest] of the movement to be inserted once it was finished , and another copyist took up the task of fair-copying subsequent movements which purcell had already drafted .

Of the remainder , the music for viols and solo keyboard , the songs and domestic devotional consorts , and the large amount of music to religious or moralizing texts in either English or Latin , was all alike pre-eminently private chamber music .
of the [rest] , the music for viols and solo keyboard , the songs and domestic devotional consorts , and the large amount of music to religious or moralizing texts in either english or latin , was all alike pre-eminently private chamber music .

The remainder of the book is concerned with tension curves and stringing design .
the [rest] of the book is concerned with tension curves and stringing design .

Just one per cent find it very uninteresting with the remainder finding it fairly uninteresting or neither interesting nor uninteresting .
just one per cent find it very uninteresting with the [rest] finding it fairly uninteresting or neither interesting nor uninteresting .

Some flakes are then sold for use in various applications while the remainder are used to make coat hangers , video cassettes and a host of other items .
some flakes are then sold for use in various applications while the [rest] are used to make coat hangers , video cassettes and a host of other items .

97 per cent of homes are connected to a public sewer and the remainder to septic tanks serviced by the department
97 per cent of homes are connected to a public sewer and the [rest] to septic tanks serviced by the department

When Chesser House in Gorgie was opened , special smokers ' rooms were introduced on a trial basis with a ban on smoking operating throughout the remainder of the building .
when chesser house in gorgie was opened , special smokers ' rooms were introduced on a trial basis with a ban on smoking operating throughout the [rest] of the building .

’ This Council and its partners , in the remainder of this decade must try to raise society 's sights quickly enough to develop the corporate vision that brings about useful administrative change which commands wide enough public support .
’ this council and its partners , in the [rest] of this decade must try to raise society 's sights quickly enough to develop the corporate vision that brings about useful administrative change which commands wide enough public support .

There is evidence to show , however , that in many schools with small sixth forms the remainder of the curriculum and scale point allocation is disproportionately affected by them .
there is evidence to show , however , that in many schools with small sixth forms the [rest] of the curriculum and scale point allocation is disproportionately affected by them .

The remainder is well drawn .
the [rest] is well drawn .

The remainder of the chapter selects three topics which are , in the author 's view , the most Important and/or mature in the field : homogeneously broadened single-mode lasers , passive resonators , and inhomogeneously broadened lasers .
the [rest] of the chapter selects three topics which are , in the author 's view , the most important and/or mature in the field : homogeneously broadened single-mode lasers , passive resonators , and inhomogeneously broadened lasers .

When Ikeda in 1979 performed a stability analysis starting from the full Maxwell-Bloch equations , with propagation effects included { 22 } , he discovered an apparently distinct family of instabilities , and indeed chaotic behaviour , which will be the dominant topic of the remainder of this section ( as Lugiato { 26 } has pointed out , these phenomena are not actually distinct from the Bonifacio-Lugiato instabilities , and can be analysed by similar methods ) .
when ikeda in 1979 performed a stability analysis starting from the full maxwell-bloch equations , with propagation effects included { 22 } , he discovered an apparently distinct family of instabilities , and indeed chaotic behaviour , which will be the dominant topic of the [rest] of this section ( as lugiato { 26 } has pointed out , these phenomena are not actually distinct from the bonifacio-lugiato instabilities , and can be analysed by similar methods ) .

About 30 % of gins and other products are transported in bulk for bottling in Scotland with the remainder being bottled at Laindon .
about 30 % of gins and other products are transported in bulk for bottling in scotland with the [rest] being bottled at laindon .

, The Polish State Nuclear Energy Agency has stated that the Chernobyl accident resulted in 25 per cent of Polish territory becoming highly contaminated , 50 per cent moderately contaminated , and the remainder slightly so .
, the polish state nuclear energy agency has stated that the chernobyl accident resulted in 25 per cent of polish territory becoming highly contaminated , 50 per cent moderately contaminated , and the [rest] slightly so .

( c ) if , at the date of the offer , the offeror holds shares carrying 50 per cent or less of the voting rights attributable to the equity share capital , and the offer is for debentures or for non-equity share capital , the offer must include or be accompanied by an offer made by the offeror for the remainder of the shares comprised in the equity share capital ;
( c ) if , at the date of the offer , the offeror holds shares carrying 50 per cent or less of the voting rights attributable to the equity share capital , and the offer is for debentures or for non-equity share capital , the offer must include or be accompanied by an offer made by the offeror for the [rest] of the shares comprised in the equity share capital ;

2.3 " Adjoining Property " means any neighbouring or adjoining land or premises ( excluding the remainder of the Centre ) in which the Landlord or a Group Company has a freehold or leasehold interest or in which during the Term the Landlord or a Group Company shall have acquired a freehold or leasehold interest There is no objection to this provided that the existence of any adjoining property does not have an adverse effect on the tenant 's contribution towards service charges or other costs referred to in the lease and the tenant should therefore be vigilant in this regard when amending the lease .
2.3 " adjoining property " means any neighbouring or adjoining land or premises ( excluding the [rest] of the centre ) in which the landlord or a group company has a freehold or leasehold interest or in which during the term the landlord or a group company shall have acquired a freehold or leasehold interest there is no objection to this provided that the existence of any adjoining property does not have an adverse effect on the tenant 's contribution towards service charges or other costs referred to in the lease and the tenant should therefore be vigilant in this regard when amending the lease .

The remainder of the Law Society 's National Protocol ( otherwise known as TransAction ) documentation is the same for the practical attributes of the property , and the Local and Commons Registration and , where appropriate , Mining Searches , are unaffected by land registration .
the [rest] of the law society 's national protocol ( otherwise known as transaction ) documentation is the same for the practical attributes of the property , and the local and commons registration and , where appropriate , mining searches , are unaffected by land registration .

The court said that it would not regard the separability of the information in question as being conclusive , but the fact that the alleged `` confidential `` information is part of a package and that the remainder of the package is not confidential is likely to throw light on whether the information in question is really a business secret .
the court said that it would not regard the separability of the information in question as being conclusive , but the fact that the alleged `` confidential `` information is part of a package and that the [rest] of the package is not confidential is likely to throw light on whether the information in question is really a business secret .

The major term in his hierarchy is `` Langue `` or Chomskyan Deep Structure and the minor term that violently subverts the rule of this oppressor he names the `` Remainder `` .
the major term in his hierarchy is `` langue `` or chomskyan deep structure and the minor term that violently subverts the rule of this oppressor he names the `` [rest] `` .

The Remainder is the linguistic equivalent of the Freudian unconscious and , like the unconscious , it is not interested in rules .
the [rest] is the linguistic equivalent of the freudian unconscious and , like the unconscious , it is not interested in rules .

So although there is Langue , just as there is consciousness , there is always something more — the unconscious , the Remainder .
so although there is langue , just as there is consciousness , there is always something more — the unconscious , the [rest] .

Like Derrida , Lecercle seeks to overthrow the hierarchy implicit here but without elevating the Remainder to a new dominant status — Langue and the Remainder are permanently and inescapably involved with one another .
like derrida , lecercle seeks to overthrow the hierarchy implicit here but without elevating the [rest] to a new dominant status — langue and the [rest] are permanently and inescapably involved with one another .

What , then , is the Remainder ?
what , then , is the [rest] ?

His book starts , for instance , by making a sort of sense out of a nonsense letter of Lear 's of 1862 and proceeds from there , through a rag-bag of examples , towards a theory of the Remainder which now becomes central rather than marginal , or at least just as central as the rules of Langue .
his book starts , for instance , by making a sort of sense out of a nonsense letter of lear 's of 1862 and proceeds from there , through a rag-bag of examples , towards a theory of the [rest] which now becomes central rather than marginal , or at least just as central as the rules of langue .

It is in the delirious inventiveness and ungrammticality of poetry that we can see the Remainder most fruitfully at work .
it is in the delirious inventiveness and ungrammticality of poetry that we can see the [rest] most fruitfully at work .

For Lecercle , for instance , the Remainder , in its appearance as folk-etymology , is a reaction against the arbitrariness of the sign and is thus , we might say , `` carnivalesque `` ; equally , the matter of language is not one that can be finally brought under the rule of one sign alone , so it is polyvocal perhaps : `` Language is not the systematic ordering of constants … it is a composite reality that is essentially heterogeneous `` ( p. 184 ) .
for lecercle , for instance , the [rest] , in its appearance as folk-etymology , is a reaction against the arbitrariness of the sign and is thus , we might say , `` carnivalesque `` ; equally , the matter of language is not one that can be finally brought under the rule of one sign alone , so it is polyvocal perhaps : `` language is not the systematic ordering of constants … it is a composite reality that is essentially heterogeneous `` ( p. 184 ) .

would give 5 ( with a " remainder " of 1 ) .
would give 5 ( with a " [rest] " of 1 ) .

If Bit 0 is set , a space will be printed between the line number and the remainder of the line .
if bit 0 is set , a space will be printed between the line number and the [rest] of the line .

The remainder of the day had passed almost enjoyably , with Jake and Shiona and little Kirsty appearing to behave like a happy little family .
the [rest] of the day had passed almost enjoyably , with jake and shiona and little kirsty appearing to behave like a happy little family .

She herself had spent the remainder of the previous week keeping out of David 's way as much as possible .
she herself had spent the [rest] of the previous week keeping out of david 's way as much as possible .

The remainder , with the exception of the woman with the dislocated jaw and the man with the angina attack , were mainly suffering from severe shock and were quickly taken out to the ambulances .
the [rest] , with the exception of the woman with the dislocated jaw and the man with the angina attack , were mainly suffering from severe shock and were quickly taken out to the ambulances .

Upper mainplanes were built in three sections , the lower ones in four ; the lower outer sections , most vulnerable to damage , were joined beneath the interplane struts in such a manner that they could be removed without deranging the remainder of the structure .
upper mainplanes were built in three sections , the lower ones in four ; the lower outer sections , most vulnerable to damage , were joined beneath the interplane struts in such a manner that they could be removed without deranging the [rest] of the structure .

The remainder of this submission concentrates on the changes which have occurred in the domestic market for alcoholic drinks .
the [rest] of this submission concentrates on the changes which have occurred in the domestic market for alcoholic drinks .

The biggest shortcoming of the Dobry Report , however , was that it never really came to grips with the major weakness of the development control system : its general isolation from the remainder of the planning process .
the biggest shortcoming of the dobry report , however , was that it never really came to grips with the major weakness of the development control system : its general isolation from the [rest] of the planning process .

Much of it was in small parcels ; some was not suitable for development at all because of physical difficulties ; and , of the remainder , a great deal was already in the hands of builders .
much of it was in small parcels ; some was not suitable for development at all because of physical difficulties ; and , of the [rest] , a great deal was already in the hands of builders .

They were performing Luxembourg for the remainder of the week .
they were performing luxembourg for the [rest] of the week .

The remainder of the transition process consists of the growth of these local regions of turbulent motion , whilst they travel downstream .
the [rest] of the transition process consists of the growth of these local regions of turbulent motion , whilst they travel downstream .

Where , then , did and do the remainder , the ‘ others ’ fit : — ‘ on the edge ’ ; in some buffer zone between categories ; or in a hybrid form , grappling both to make a space and to find a name : Fibre Art — Who Are you ?
where , then , did and do the [rest] , the ‘ others ’ fit : — ‘ on the edge ’ ; in some buffer zone between categories ; or in a hybrid form , grappling both to make a space and to find a name : fibre art — who are you ?

This deficit on the reserves part of the balance of payments account will exactly match the surplus on the remainder of the account .
this deficit on the reserves part of the balance of payments account will exactly match the surplus on the [rest] of the account .

For the remainder of this section we will look at the problems associated with such intervention .
for the [rest] of this section we will look at the problems associated with such intervention .

Barely half-fill the two small basins with lemon cake mixture and place the remainder in the large bowl .
barely half-fill the two small basins with lemon cake mixture and place the [rest] in the large bowl .

Colour one quarter pink , another quarter green and leave the remainder white .
colour one quarter pink , another quarter green and leave the [rest] white .

Leave to dry slightly then pile the sweets into the top of the bag and scatter the remainder around .
leave to dry slightly then pile the sweets into the top of the bag and scatter the [rest] around .

Reserve a quarter of the remaining fondant icing ( keep tightly wrapped ) and colour the remainder pale brown .
reserve a quarter of the remaining fondant icing ( keep tightly wrapped ) and colour the [rest] pale brown .

Roll out the remainder of the pale brown fondant and use to cover the sides of the cake .
roll out the [rest] of the pale brown fondant and use to cover the sides of the cake .

Half fill the small basins with cake mixture and fill the large basin with the remainder .
half fill the small basins with cake mixture and fill the large basin with the [rest] .

Colour one piece brown , one green and leave the remainder white .
colour one piece brown , one green and leave the [rest] white .

Reserve ( tightly wrapped ) a smallish ball of white fondant and colour the remainder blue .
reserve ( tightly wrapped ) a smallish ball of white fondant and colour the [rest] blue .

Leonora , depressed rather than frightened , moved to the shelter of his arms for the remainder of the journey .
leonora , depressed rather than frightened , moved to the shelter of his arms for the [rest] of the journey .

On Thursday they would continue through the remainder of Germany and over the Czechoslovakian border .
on thursday they would continue through the [rest] of germany and over the czechoslovakian border .

Oh , blow it , she thought a little crossly , and , getting absolutely nowhere with her argument , she resolved that she would ask him not one interview-type question for the remainder of the walk but that , once back at the house , she would ask him to honour his promise regarding that interview .
oh , blow it , she thought a little crossly , and , getting absolutely nowhere with her argument , she resolved that she would ask him not one interview-type question for the [rest] of the walk but that , once back at the house , she would ask him to honour his promise regarding that interview .

For the remainder of her half-hour set , the audience was treated to vintage Aurora Blake — in fact , it was doubtful that she 'd ever put on a more powerful show in any of the venues she 'd performed in all over the world .
for the [rest] of her half-hour set , the audience was treated to vintage aurora blake — in fact , it was doubtful that she 'd ever put on a more powerful show in any of the venues she 'd performed in all over the world .

Talk of Sebastian , but not the financial problem he had left Leith with , occupied the remainder of the time until they had finished their meal .
talk of sebastian , but not the financial problem he had left leith with , occupied the [rest] of the time until they had finished their meal .

Paige snapped the locks on her case and put the remainder of her possessions into her shoulder-bag .
paige snapped the locks on her case and put the [rest] of her possessions into her shoulder-bag .

In the remainder of this book we will be using plate tectonics as a framework for the interpretation of the Earth 's large-scale topographic features .
in the [rest] of this book we will be using plate tectonics as a framework for the interpretation of the earth 's large-scale topographic features .

Consequently a cold , dense lithospheric slab descending up to 700 km into the mantle at a subduction zone will tend to pull the remainder of the plate with it ( Fig .
consequently a cold , dense lithospheric slab descending up to 700 km into the mantle at a subduction zone will tend to pull the [rest] of the plate with it ( fig .

( 2 ) Cases within the county court 's equity and probate jurisdiction ( ie those mentioned in s 23 , 24 or 32 of the 1984 Act ) fall outside the remainder of these rules , as do proceedings which , in accordance with the rules laid down in arts 9 and 10 , have no quantifiable value ( art 7 ( 2 ) ) .
( 2 ) cases within the county court 's equity and probate jurisdiction ( ie those mentioned in s 23 , 24 or 32 of the 1984 act ) fall outside the [rest] of these rules , as do proceedings which , in accordance with the rules laid down in arts 9 and 10 , have no quantifiable value ( art 7 ( 2 ) ) .

These issues will be considered first before turning to an analysis of the remainder of the clauses in Precedents 1 and 2 .
these issues will be considered first before turning to an analysis of the [rest] of the clauses in precedents 1 and 2 .

The remainder of cl 4 deals with order placing .
the [rest] of cl 4 deals with order placing .

Apart from the points already discussed , the remainder of cl 7 is a standard termination clause .
apart from the points already discussed , the [rest] of cl 7 is a standard termination clause .

3.3 Any goods and/or work rejected under Condition 3.2 must at our request be replaced or re-performed as the case may be , by you at your expense ; alternatively we may elect ( at our option ) to cancel this order as provided in Condition 10.2 both in respect of the goods and/or the work in question and of the whole of the undelivered balance ( if any ) of the goods and/or the remainder of the work ( if any ) covered by this order .
3.3 any goods and/or work rejected under condition 3.2 must at our request be replaced or re-performed as the case may be , by you at your expense ; alternatively we may elect ( at our option ) to cancel this order as provided in condition 10.2 both in respect of the goods and/or the work in question and of the whole of the undelivered balance ( if any ) of the goods and/or the [rest] of the work ( if any ) covered by this order .

The more common structures for a management buy-out , on which the remainder of this chapter concentrates , consist of one or more of the following : ( a ) a straightforward acquisition by Newco of Target 's business and assets ( see 5.1 ) ; ( b ) an acquisition by Newco of Target 's share capital ( see 5.2 ) ; ( c ) an acquisition by management or Newco of shares in a company to which the targeted business and assets are first hived down ( see 5.2.5 ) ; ( d ) a buy-in of the vendor shareholders ' shares in Target , usually combined with an issue of new shares in Target to management ( see 5.3.1 ) ; ( e ) a buy-out effected by way of a de-merger ( see 5.3.2 ) .
the more common structures for a management buy-out , on which the [rest] of this chapter concentrates , consist of one or more of the following : ( a ) a straightforward acquisition by newco of target 's business and assets ( see 5.1 ) ; ( b ) an acquisition by newco of target 's share capital ( see 5.2 ) ; ( c ) an acquisition by management or newco of shares in a company to which the targeted business and assets are first hived down ( see 5.2.5 ) ; ( d ) a buy-in of the vendor shareholders ' shares in target , usually combined with an issue of new shares in target to management ( see 5.3.1 ) ; ( e ) a buy-out effected by way of a de-merger ( see 5.3.2 ) .

Care must also be taken to ensure that , if the price of the consideration shares falls , the total shares to be issued do not exceed 30 per cent of the purchaser 's share capital as the vendor may then be obliged to make an offer to purchase the remainder of the purchaser 's share capital under rule 9 of the City Code .
care must also be taken to ensure that , if the price of the consideration shares falls , the total shares to be issued do not exceed 30 per cent of the purchaser 's share capital as the vendor may then be obliged to make an offer to purchase the [rest] of the purchaser 's share capital under rule 9 of the city code .

The French government has announced a moratorium on its nuclear weapons testing programme for the remainder of the year .
the french government has announced a moratorium on its nuclear weapons testing programme for the [rest] of the year .

The tanker broke up on January 12 , spilling the remainder of its cargo .
the tanker broke up on january 12 , spilling the [rest] of its cargo .

The remainder were largely due to sewage , industrial pollution or oil spillages .
the [rest] were largely due to sewage , industrial pollution or oil spillages .

This amount should cover 75 per cent of the clean-up costs ; the remainder will be met by state authorities .
this amount should cover 75 per cent of the clean-up costs ; the [rest] will be met by state authorities .

Forty of the escapees were killed by local hunters but the remainder appear to have survived by hiding in inaccessible rocky areas and adapted to the local terrain , which is similar to their natural habitat in sub-Saharan Africa .
forty of the escapees were killed by local hunters but the [rest] appear to have survived by hiding in inaccessible rocky areas and adapted to the local terrain , which is similar to their natural habitat in sub-saharan africa .

All but 1 % of the remainder were willing to assign to themselves , when prompted , a middle- or working-class label .
all but 1 % of the [rest] were willing to assign to themselves , when prompted , a middle- or working-class label .

Related to this is the issue of the double workload women have to cope with if they work outside the home — paid work by day and unpaid work for the remainder of the time .
related to this is the issue of the double workload women have to cope with if they work outside the home — paid work by day and unpaid work for the [rest] of the time .

— The people commit themselves to a life of obedience , and Moses sprinkles the remainder of the blood over them ( verse 8 ) — identifying them with the sacrifice made on their behalf both initially and for the failures and sins of everyday life .
— the people commit themselves to a life of obedience , and moses sprinkles the [rest] of the blood over them ( verse 8 ) — identifying them with the sacrifice made on their behalf both initially and for the failures and sins of everyday life .

The remainder was then eaten by the priests , or by the priests and their families , or ( in the case of the peace-offering ) by priests and worshippers together .
the [rest] was then eaten by the priests , or by the priests and their families , or ( in the case of the peace-offering ) by priests and worshippers together .

Instead , God gives the priests the remainder of all the sacrificial offerings , first-fruits and firstlings .
instead , god gives the priests the [rest] of all the sacrificial offerings , first-fruits and firstlings .

During the epidemic of 1854 Dr Snow uncovered the following facts out of 134 deaths from cholera during the first four weeks , 115 of the fatal cases occurred in houses supplied by the Southwark and Vauxhall Company , only 14 in that of the Lambeth Company 's houses , and the remainder in houses that got their water from pump wells or direct from the river .
during the epidemic of 1854 dr snow uncovered the following facts out of 134 deaths from cholera during the first four weeks , 115 of the fatal cases occurred in houses supplied by the southwark and vauxhall company , only 14 in that of the lambeth company 's houses , and the [rest] in houses that got their water from pump wells or direct from the river .

Half the men were already straggling back into the Residency building or into the hospital in order to form a new position while the remainder did their best to hold off the sepoys who were already swarming over the ramparts .
half the men were already straggling back into the residency building or into the hospital in order to form a new position while the [rest] did their best to hold off the sepoys who were already swarming over the ramparts .

These can be regarded as plants ; the remainder of the group , which feed on them , as animals .
these can be regarded as plants ; the [rest] of the group , which feed on them , as animals .

Throughout the remainder of the 1935–6 session he was exhausted , depressed and bereft of any reserve of prestige .
throughout the [rest] of the 1935–6 session he was exhausted , depressed and bereft of any reserve of prestige .

Laidlaw smiled wryly then drank the remainder of the beer .
laidlaw smiled wryly then drank the [rest] of the beer .

During the remainder of Richard 's short reign , Sir Edmond 's career prospered : royal warrants and letters patent conferred further honours and duties upon him .
during the [rest] of richard 's short reign , sir edmond 's career prospered : royal warrants and letters patent conferred further honours and duties upon him .

The remainder will clearly be mostly .
the [rest] will clearly be mostly .

In the remainder of this chapter we shall apply the categories in 3.1 selectively to three texts which are comparable both in length and in that each of them is the opening passage of a short story .
in the [rest] of this chapter we shall apply the categories in 3.1 selectively to three texts which are comparable both in length and in that each of them is the opening passage of a short story .

The remainder of Christie 's evening sale was a more erratic affair .
the [rest] of christie 's evening sale was a more erratic affair .

When the remainder of the known fortified sites are plotted on a map ( fig. 7.1 ) most of them are seen to be distributed along three routes :
when the [rest] of the known fortified sites are plotted on a map ( fig. 7.1 ) most of them are seen to be distributed along three routes :

In the remainder of this section we will examine the following issues : which bodies are subject to judicial review ; what sorts of decision are subject to judicial review ; who can apply to have a decision judicially reviewed ; what remedies are available to an applicant for judicial review ; and the procedures for seeking judicial review .
in the [rest] of this section we will examine the following issues : which bodies are subject to judicial review ; what sorts of decision are subject to judicial review ; who can apply to have a decision judicially reviewed ; what remedies are available to an applicant for judicial review ; and the procedures for seeking judicial review .

Academic criminal lawyers seem divisible almost without remainder into pure subjectivists or pure objectivists .
academic criminal lawyers seem divisible almost without [rest] into pure subjectivists or pure objectivists .

For the remainder of your stay in The Hague
for the [rest] of your stay in the hague

The Schirn Kunsthalle will have about 200 exhibits , of which 130 are paintings , and the remainder sculpture , ceramics , silver , and furniture , covering the period from the beginning of the Genoese Republic with Andrea Doria until 1815 .
the schirn kunsthalle will have about 200 exhibits , of which 130 are paintings , and the [rest] sculpture , ceramics , silver , and furniture , covering the period from the beginning of the genoese republic with andrea doria until 1815 .

Mr Edwards has stated that he will live in Bacon 's house and studio for the remainder of his lifetime , then leave them to the nation .
mr edwards has stated that he will live in bacon 's house and studio for the [rest] of his lifetime , then leave them to the nation .

These activities will be financed by an operating budget of Pta200 million ( £1.14 million ; $ 2.25 million ) , a half of which will be provided by Palma 's civic purse , with the remainder gathered from entrance fees and profits in the shop and restaurant .
these activities will be financed by an operating budget of pta200 million ( £1.14 million ; $ 2.25 million ) , a half of which will be provided by palma 's civic purse , with the [rest] gathered from entrance fees and profits in the shop and restaurant .

For example , metal contamination is sometimes found in bore-hole water only at certain times in the year , possibly because of changes in the ground-water level , and normal sampling may show negative results for most of the remainder of the time .
for example , metal contamination is sometimes found in bore-hole water only at certain times in the year , possibly because of changes in the ground-water level , and normal sampling may show negative results for most of the [rest] of the time .

The way is then clear for an astute outside agent to purchase shares , realizing their potential and current values are far apart , and subsequently to make a bid for the remainder , with the eventual aim either of realizing the company 's assets , or putting in new management , and hence getting a return on the investment .
the way is then clear for an astute outside agent to purchase shares , realizing their potential and current values are far apart , and subsequently to make a bid for the [rest] , with the eventual aim either of realizing the company 's assets , or putting in new management , and hence getting a return on the investment .

We find that a proportion of these definition words will be relevant to the domain of banking ( as defined by membership of the domain wordlist ) , whilst the remainder will not ( or have negligible relevance ) .
we find that a proportion of these definition words will be relevant to the domain of banking ( as defined by membership of the domain wordlist ) , whilst the [rest] will not ( or have negligible relevance ) .

On 17 October Gloucester was made constable of England , an office formerly held by the executed earl Rivers with remainder to his son lord Scales , who must have waived his claim on Gloucester 's behalf .
on 17 october gloucester was made constable of england , an office formerly held by the executed earl rivers with [rest] to his son lord scales , who must have waived his claim on gloucester 's behalf .

The remainder of this book will explore the major phases in this development , while attempting to bring into play the schema suggested above .
the [rest] of this book will explore the major phases in this development , while attempting to bring into play the schema suggested above .

The remainder of the ground floor is occupied by offices .
the [rest] of the ground floor is occupied by offices .

East London was especially fortunate due to proximity to the largest concentration of wealth in the country , the remainder of London .
east london was especially fortunate due to proximity to the largest concentration of wealth in the country , the [rest] of london .

The remainder was the yield on various customs and excise duties levied primarily on beer , spirits , wines , tobacco , cocoa and other ‘ luxury ’ items which varied a little from budget to budget .
the [rest] was the yield on various customs and excise duties levied primarily on beer , spirits , wines , tobacco , cocoa and other ‘ luxury ’ items which varied a little from budget to budget .

Of these , only ninety-five financed school meals out of rates , the remainder calling on voluntary contributions .
of these , only ninety-five financed school meals out of rates , the [rest] calling on voluntary contributions .

These lands were kept separate from the remainder of the Crown estates , and the court of the Duchy kept its own accounts .
these lands were kept separate from the [rest] of the crown estates , and the court of the duchy kept its own accounts .

If it were kept isolated during the critical period nothing would prevent it from becoming an affectionless psychopath for the remainder of its life .
if it were kept isolated during the critical period nothing would prevent it from becoming an affectionless psychopath for the [rest] of its life .

Beset by mounting criticism at home , and abroad , over the way the issue had been handled , the Japanese government agreed to defer the fifth group of demands and in May 1915 delivered the remainder in the form of an ultimatum .
beset by mounting criticism at home , and abroad , over the way the issue had been handled , the japanese government agreed to defer the fifth group of demands and in may 1915 delivered the [rest] in the form of an ultimatum .

It served as a military base for a foreign power still fighting to subdue the remainder of the country .
it served as a military base for a foreign power still fighting to subdue the [rest] of the country .

Following her early advances into French Indo-China , Japan occupied with astounding speed the remainder of colonial Southeast Asia , and took control over French Indo-China , Singapore , the Philippines , the Dutch East Indies and Malaya , as well as parts of Burma .
following her early advances into french indo-china , japan occupied with astounding speed the [rest] of colonial southeast asia , and took control over french indo-china , singapore , the philippines , the dutch east indies and malaya , as well as parts of burma .

The remainder of the land was subdivided into several hundred domains ( han ) , each ruled by a lord , or daimyo .
the [rest] of the land was subdivided into several hundred domains ( han ) , each ruled by a lord , or daimyo .

With consumption in Great Britain averaging 114kg ( 250lb ) per head per annum , incidentally the highest consumption figure in Europe , most of the crop is consumed in this country ; some potatoes are exported whilst the remainder are held back for use as a seed to produce the following year 's crop .
with consumption in great britain averaging 114kg ( 250lb ) per head per annum , incidentally the highest consumption figure in europe , most of the crop is consumed in this country ; some potatoes are exported whilst the [rest] are held back for use as a seed to produce the following year 's crop .

Size 4 — £1.10 with the remainder classed as pullet eggs and sold at 70p per dozen .
size 4 — £1.10 with the [rest] classed as pullet eggs and sold at 70p per dozen .

In total there are approximately 1,250 staff employed by the Press in the United Kingdom , 150 of these in Corby , 500 in the Oxford printing works , and the remainder working in publishing and group services in Oxford .
in total there are approximately 1,250 staff employed by the press in the united kingdom , 150 of these in corby , 500 in the oxford printing works , and the [rest] working in publishing and group services in oxford .

For the immediately surrounding area — that is , the county districts of Allerdale and Copeland excluding Seascale and in the remainder of Cumbria — there was no evidence of an increased incidence of cancer among those aged 0–24 years in either period .
for the immediately surrounding area — that is , the county districts of allerdale and copeland excluding seascale and in the [rest] of cumbria — there was no evidence of an increased incidence of cancer among those aged 0–24 years in either period .

By now over 70 elements have been identified in the stars , and no doubt the remainder will be found eventually .
by now over 70 elements have been identified in the stars , and no doubt the [rest] will be found eventually .

The bulk of the remainder are held by companies who show a strong preference for holding the stock of companies with whom they have important trading connections .
the bulk of the [rest] are held by companies who show a strong preference for holding the stock of companies with whom they have important trading connections .

We first consider a very simple computer , with which we can introduce the basic concepts and terminology required for the remainder of the book .
we first consider a very simple computer , with which we can introduce the basic concepts and terminology required for the [rest] of the book .

In the sign-and-magnitude method , the sign bit is used as described above , while the remainder of the word holds the absolute value of the number in the normal unsigned form .
in the sign-and-magnitude method , the sign bit is used as described above , while the [rest] of the word holds the absolute value of the number in the normal unsigned form .

Figure 2.4 has been drawn to show that , as the partial remainder is shifted left , the vacated positions can be used to hold the bits of the quotient .
figure 2.4 has been drawn to show that , as the partial [rest] is shifted left , the vacated positions can be used to hold the bits of the quotient .

The instruction set for operating on floating-point numbers includes the four arithmetic operations of addition , subtraction , multiplication , and division ( usually without remainder ) ; negate and clear ( set to zero ) operations may also be provided .
the instruction set for operating on floating-point numbers includes the four arithmetic operations of addition , subtraction , multiplication , and division ( usually without [rest] ) ; negate and clear ( set to zero ) operations may also be provided .

Instructions are provided for addition , subtraction , multiplication , division ( with a remainder ) , and comparison of such packed decimal operands .
instructions are provided for addition , subtraction , multiplication , division ( with a [rest] ) , and comparison of such packed decimal operands .

Assume the dividend and divisor are integral , in two 's complement representation , For definiteness , assume that the remainder is zero or has the same sign as the dividend ( see Stein and Munro 1971 , Chapter 6 for more details ) .
assume the dividend and divisor are integral , in two 's complement representation , for definiteness , assume that the [rest] is zero or has the same sign as the dividend ( see stein and munro 1971 , chapter 6 for more details ) .

Thus the operation code field is decoded to specify , not only what operation is to be performed , but also how the bit pattern of the remainder of the instruction is to be interpreted .
thus the operation code field is decoded to specify , not only what operation is to be performed , but also how the bit pattern of the [rest] of the instruction is to be interpreted .

This is done by a group of jump instructions , to be discussed in more detail in the remainder of this section .
this is done by a group of jump instructions , to be discussed in more detail in the [rest] of this section .

We typically have a relatively short micro-instruction format ( perhaps 16 bits ) , part of which specifies how the remainder of the micro-instruction is to be interpreted ( that is , it represents an operation code ) .
we typically have a relatively short micro-instruction format ( perhaps 16 bits ) , part of which specifies how the [rest] of the micro-instruction is to be interpreted ( that is , it represents an operation code ) .

The remainder of the format is usually taken up with a number of short fields , representing encoded processor registers or control signals .
the [rest] of the format is usually taken up with a number of short fields , representing encoded processor registers or control signals .

[ The letters m , r are chosen as they are the initial letters of the words multiple and remainder respectively .
[ the letters m , r are chosen as they are the initial letters of the words multiple and [rest] respectively .

Consequently , we see that which can ( except in the case where b\a , that is where rl = 0 ) be described as `` the last non-zero remainder in the above process `` .
consequently , we see that which can ( except in the case where b\a , that is where rl = 0 ) be described as `` the last non-zero [rest] in the above process `` .

1.11 Roots and the remainder theorem
1.11 roots and the [rest] theorem

Remark If in 1.11.3 we adopt the notation finally settled on in Section 1.8 , that is we drop the bars , we obtain the remainder theorem in its usual guise .
remark if in 1.11.3 we adopt the notation finally settled on in section 1.8 , that is we drop the bars , we obtain the [rest] theorem in its usual guise .

[ Equivalently : a and b ( i ) do have or ( ii ) do not have the same remainder on division by n . ]
[ equivalently : a and b ( i ) do have or ( ii ) do not have the same [rest] on division by n . ]

The flagellum forms the remainder of the antenna .
the flagellum forms the [rest] of the antenna .

When an insect moults , the dorsal arms of the tentorium are largely dissolved away by the moulting fluid , the tentorium splits medially , much of the central body is dissolved and the remainder is pulled out as four separate pieces , one from each tentorial pit ( Sharplin , 1965 ) .
when an insect moults , the dorsal arms of the tentorium are largely dissolved away by the moulting fluid , the tentorium splits medially , much of the central body is dissolved and the [rest] is pulled out as four separate pieces , one from each tentorial pit ( sharplin , 1965 ) .

The first three ganglia are situated one in each of the thoracic segments , and are known as the thoracic ganglia ; the remainder lie in the abdomen and form the ganglia of that region .
the first three ganglia are situated one in each of the thoracic segments , and are known as the thoracic ganglia ; the [rest] lie in the abdomen and form the ganglia of that region .

Resuspend the cells in the remainder by flicking the tube so that a thin film of suspension adheres to the wall of the tube .
resuspend the cells in the [rest] by flicking the tube so that a thin film of suspension adheres to the wall of the tube .

Because of the close relationship between anxiety and pain they will be considered together in the remainder of this chapter .
because of the close relationship between anxiety and pain they will be considered together in the [rest] of this chapter .

The elaboration of the curriculum link then contributes the bulk of the remainder of the document .
the elaboration of the curriculum link then contributes the bulk of the [rest] of the document .

Serve the remainder of it separately .
serve the [rest] of it separately .

Gone too is the idea of artists as necessarily male , white and immersed in their isolated subjectivity — the paradigm of modernism — free from , yet dependent upon the remainder of the social process .
gone too is the idea of artists as necessarily male , white and immersed in their isolated subjectivity — the paradigm of modernism — free from , yet dependent upon the [rest] of the social process .

Seventy-five per cent of the receipts from council-house sales , and half of the receipts from other sales , must be set aside as provision to meet credit liabilities ( Local Government and Housing Act 1989 : Clause 59 ) , and only the remainder is available for further capital expenditure .
seventy-five per cent of the receipts from council-house sales , and half of the receipts from other sales , must be set aside as provision to meet credit liabilities ( local government and housing act 1989 : clause 59 ) , and only the [rest] is available for further capital expenditure .

The church councils which were called in the first three decades of the fifteenth century gave each side reason and opportunity to seek support for its own attitude to the war before the remainder of Christendom .
the church councils which were called in the first three decades of the fifteenth century gave each side reason and opportunity to seek support for its own attitude to the war before the [rest] of christendom .

Thirty were sold in London in April , the remainder in New York in May and all debts and interest cleared .
thirty were sold in london in april , the [rest] in new york in may and all debts and interest cleared .

During the remainder of 1990 you may well decide to find out what life has to offer elsewhere .
during the [rest] of 1990 you may well decide to find out what life has to offer elsewhere .

Morgenthau 's Realist theory was , as we have said , based on six principles , outlined in an introductory chapter added only in the second edition of the book ; this fact may explain why the six principles do not deal explicitly with two of the three concepts that are central to the remainder of the book , namely ‘ national interest ’ and the ‘ balance of power ’ .
morgenthau 's realist theory was , as we have said , based on six principles , outlined in an introductory chapter added only in the second edition of the book ; this fact may explain why the six principles do not deal explicitly with two of the three concepts that are central to the [rest] of the book , namely ‘ national interest ’ and the ‘ balance of power ’ .

In the remainder of this chapter , we will first briefly describe the methods of the survey of known drug users , and then turn to an examination of the findings .
in the [rest] of this chapter , we will first briefly describe the methods of the survey of known drug users , and then turn to an examination of the findings .

The remainder of this chapter therefore focuses on the main group of problem drug users : those who use opioids ( see Parker et al .
the [rest] of this chapter therefore focuses on the main group of problem drug users : those who use opioids ( see parker et al .

Overall about 35 — 40 per cent of those aged 65 + rent accommodation from the local authority ( public sector housing ) , with the remainder renting from a private landlord .
overall about 35 — 40 per cent of those aged 65 + rent accommodation from the local authority ( public sector housing ) , with the [rest] renting from a private landlord .

He was subdued for the remainder of breakfast .
he was subdued for the [rest] of breakfast .

One building accommodates the reception , bar and main lounge , plus 13 of the 53 bedrooms , with the remainder , 20 of which are suites , distributed amongst the other houses , each with a lounge .
one building accommodates the reception , bar and main lounge , plus 13 of the 53 bedrooms , with the [rest] , 20 of which are suites , distributed amongst the other houses , each with a lounge .

The remainder of this chapter will investigate this type of system as it operated in the international economy from the Second World War until 1973 .
the [rest] of this chapter will investigate this type of system as it operated in the international economy from the second world war until 1973 .

In the remainder of the book we intend to examine macroeconomic theory and policy in order that the reader can appreciate how government decisions in the area of fiscal and monetary policy affect the economy in general and the banking and financial system in particular .
in the [rest] of the book we intend to examine macroeconomic theory and policy in order that the reader can appreciate how government decisions in the area of fiscal and monetary policy affect the economy in general and the banking and financial system in particular .

Again some proportion ( 60 per cent ) of this additional income will leak from the circular flow while the remainder is passed on as extra consumers ' expenditure on domestic goods and services .
again some proportion ( 60 per cent ) of this additional income will leak from the circular flow while the [rest] is passed on as extra consumers ' expenditure on domestic goods and services .

In our example the man earning £100 per week plans to spend only £70 ; therefore he can save the remainder and purchase a range of financial assets which earn a rate of return .
in our example the man earning £100 per week plans to spend only £70 ; therefore he can save the [rest] and purchase a range of financial assets which earn a rate of return .

In the remainder of this chapter our attention is focused on the means by which control has been exercised by the monetary authorities , and the problems connected with such control .
in the [rest] of this chapter our attention is focused on the means by which control has been exercised by the monetary authorities , and the problems connected with such control .

Specific bad debts ( provided for at 1 April Year 13 ) of £1,160 were received in full and the remainder were written off .
specific bad debts ( provided for at 1 april year 13 ) of £1,160 were received in full and the [rest] were written off .

Any surpluses or deficits in the pension schemes identified by periodic actuarial valuations are taken to the profit and loss account over the remainder of the expected service lives of current employees .
any surpluses or deficits in the pension schemes identified by periodic actuarial valuations are taken to the profit and loss account over the [rest] of the expected service lives of current employees .

The remainder of the qualifiers played Stableford for the Rentokil Cup , and once again the winners were from Environmental Services , Richard Wooding from Pest Control , Mike Bayley from Medical Services and Sal Akram from Pest Control Newcastle .
the [rest] of the qualifiers played stableford for the rentokil cup , and once again the winners were from environmental services , richard wooding from pest control , mike bayley from medical services and sal akram from pest control newcastle .

If the remainder of Rentokil staff are as helpful , pleasant and co-operative then the contract should run very smoothly indeed . ’
if the [rest] of rentokil staff are as helpful , pleasant and co-operative then the contract should run very smoothly indeed . ’

However where the insured wishes to replace the whole suite a negotiated settlement may be agreed calculated on the cost of replacing the damaged item plus up to a maximum of 50 % of the cost of the remainder of the suite .
however where the insured wishes to replace the whole suite a negotiated settlement may be agreed calculated on the cost of replacing the damaged item plus up to a maximum of 50 % of the cost of the [rest] of the suite .

However where the insured wishes to have the whole suite recovered , a negotiated settlement may be agreed calculated on the basis of the cost of recovering the damaged item plus a maximum of 50% of the cost the remainder of the suite .
however where the insured wishes to have the whole suite recovered , a negotiated settlement may be agreed calculated on the basis of the cost of recovering the damaged item plus a maximum of 50% of the cost the [rest] of the suite .

However where the insured wishes to replace the whole set or suite , a negotiated settlement may be agreed calculated on the cost of replacing the damaged item plus up to a maximum of 50 % of the cost of replacing the remainder of the set or suite .
however where the insured wishes to replace the whole set or suite , a negotiated settlement may be agreed calculated on the cost of replacing the damaged item plus up to a maximum of 50 % of the cost of replacing the [rest] of the set or suite .

The decision to reduce involvement in large fleet business will affect premium levels during the remainder of the year .
the decision to reduce involvement in large fleet business will affect premium levels during the [rest] of the year .

Shortly after the English army 's murderous assault on Berwick , in 1296 , Bothwell fell into English hands and for the remainder of the Wars of Independence the castle passed to and fro between the opposing forces .
shortly after the english army 's murderous assault on berwick , in 1296 , bothwell fell into english hands and for the [rest] of the wars of independence the castle passed to and fro between the opposing forces .

Ten per cent of the entries were local authority schemes with the remainder divided equally between housing associations and private developers .
ten per cent of the entries were local authority schemes with the [rest] divided equally between housing associations and private developers .

Only 50 of the remainder are in London , with the rest in Trowbridge , where Barclays stores the securities it is responsible for .
only 50 of the [rest] are in london , with the rest in trowbridge , where barclays stores the securities it is responsible for .

45% of the respondents were non-enrollers , of whom 14% lacked the entry qualifications to get onto the courses we covered in the study . For the remainder of the non-enrollers , the most important reason for not doing the courses was :
45% of the respondents were non-enrollers , of whom 14% lacked the entry qualifications to get onto the courses we covered in the study . for the [rest] of the non-enrollers , the most important reason for not doing the courses was :

The remainder ( 230,000 cubic metres ) would be used to reclaim an additional area of land west of the west breakwater .
the [rest] ( 230,000 cubic metres ) would be used to reclaim an additional area of land west of the west breakwater .

The remainder of Veterinary Pathology and Veterinary Clinical Studies ( including the Large Animal Practice ) and the Department of Tropical Animal Health ( housed in the Centre for Tropical Veterinary Medicine ) are located at the Veterinary Field Station at Easter Bush , some 7 miles south of Summerhall .
the [rest] of veterinary pathology and veterinary clinical studies ( including the large animal practice ) and the department of tropical animal health ( housed in the centre for tropical veterinary medicine ) are located at the veterinary field station at easter bush , some 7 miles south of summerhall .

It is to the development of this theory and its application to modern times that the remainder of this book will be devoted .
it is to the development of this theory and its application to modern times that the [rest] of this book will be devoted .

The teaching session ends in late June once the degree examinations are over ; and , for the undergraduate , the remainder of the year constitutes the long vacation .
the teaching session ends in late june once the degree examinations are over ; and , for the undergraduate , the [rest] of the year constitutes the long vacation .

The majority of entrants are school-leavers from the United Kingdom . The remainder come from the following four categories :
the majority of entrants are school-leavers from the united kingdom . the [rest] come from the following four categories :

This unexpected obscenity drew gasps of astonishment from the teenagers , and Loretta pressed home her advantage by threatening dire penalties in colloquial Italian if a single one of them misbehaved during the remainder of the journey .
this unexpected obscenity drew gasps of astonishment from the teenagers , and loretta pressed home her advantage by threatening dire penalties in colloquial italian if a single one of them misbehaved during the [rest] of the journey .

In the remainder , histological features of possible Crohn 's disease were first identified during rectal excision ( n=6 ) , preliminary subtotal colectomy ( n=2 ) , and after pouch excision ( =2 ) .
in the [rest] , histological features of possible crohn 's disease were first identified during rectal excision ( n=6 ) , preliminary subtotal colectomy ( n=2 ) , and after pouch excision ( =2 ) .

Pouch excision or a persistent proximal stoma has been necessary in six patients with possible Crohn 's disease ( 30 % ) ( Crohn 's disease 3 cases 30 % , indeterminate colitis 3 cases 30 % ) compared with nine ( 15 % ) of the remainder .
pouch excision or a persistent proximal stoma has been necessary in six patients with possible crohn 's disease ( 30 % ) ( crohn 's disease 3 cases 30 % , indeterminate colitis 3 cases 30 % ) compared with nine ( 15 % ) of the [rest] .

On 17 October Gloucester was made constable of England , an office formerly held by the executed earl Rivers with remainder to his son lord Scales , who must have waived his claim on Gloucester 's behalf .
on 17 october gloucester was made constable of england , an office formerly held by the executed earl rivers with [rest] to his son lord scales , who must have waived his claim on gloucester 's behalf .

Of seven patients whose percutaneous cholecystolithotomy failed because of residual cystic duct stones , only two were advised to undergo cholecystectomy and the remainder have been followed up for a median of 14 months .
of seven patients whose percutaneous cholecystolithotomy failed because of residual cystic duct stones , only two were advised to undergo cholecystectomy and the [rest] have been followed up for a median of 14 months .

Only two of the patients with residual cystic duct stones were advised to undergo cholecystectomy and the remainder are asymptomatic .
only two of the patients with residual cystic duct stones were advised to undergo cholecystectomy and the [rest] are asymptomatic .

Except for eight patients who had never been treated with antisecretory drugs at the time of the study , the remainder took part in a prospective follow up protocol with estimation of several parameters , at each visit ( every 6–12 months ) .
except for eight patients who had never been treated with antisecretory drugs at the time of the study , the [rest] took part in a prospective follow up protocol with estimation of several parameters , at each visit ( every 6–12 months ) .

The remainder of the controls had a single pair of electrodes inserted into the intersphincteric groove , where they could detect the activities of both sphincters .
the [rest] of the controls had a single pair of electrodes inserted into the intersphincteric groove , where they could detect the activities of both sphincters .

Most of the patients were referred for investigation to the Department of Gastroenterology of Kyoto Second Red Cross Hospital , and the remainder were seen at the Third Department of Internal Medicine , Kyoto Prefectural University of Medicine .
most of the patients were referred for investigation to the department of gastroenterology of kyoto second red cross hospital , and the [rest] were seen at the third department of internal medicine , kyoto prefectural university of medicine .

In the remainder stricutres are caused by benign conditions such as gall stones , surgical trauma , chronic pancreatitis , or rarer disorders such as sclerosing cholangitis or Caroli 's disease .
in the [rest] stricutres are caused by benign conditions such as gall stones , surgical trauma , chronic pancreatitis , or rarer disorders such as sclerosing cholangitis or caroli 's disease .

The remainder of the construction is no less remarkable .
the [rest] of the construction is no less remarkable .

The bacon-curing business was for sale for £l00,000 so assuming that he could finance the remainder he engaged an accountant to check over the books of the existing business and report back to him .
the bacon-curing business was for sale for £l00,000 so assuming that he could finance the [rest] he engaged an accountant to check over the books of the existing business and report back to him .

Sales of general building materials by the builders merchant to third parties amounted to £26,000 of which £24,000 had been received in cash by 31 December 1990 and the remainder was received in January 1991 .
sales of general building materials by the builders merchant to third parties amounted to £26,000 of which £24,000 had been received in cash by 31 december 1990 and the [rest] was received in january 1991 .

The remainder of the direct labour requirement would have to be recruited .
the [rest] of the direct labour requirement would have to be recruited .

If you qualify and wish to apply for a divorce : send for an application form using the tear-off part of this leaflet , but keep the remainder of the leaflet : it may be of help to you later
if you qualify and wish to apply for a divorce : send for an application form using the tear-off part of this leaflet , but keep the [rest] of the leaflet : it may be of help to you later

The remainder will replace older aeroplanes .
the [rest] will replace older aeroplanes .

Steam sprinklers were introduced and on the first day of their operation , they successfully doused another fire that would have probably removed the remainder of the factory had it taken hold .
steam sprinklers were introduced and on the first day of their operation , they successfully doused another fire that would have probably removed the [rest] of the factory had it taken hold .

Buildings from Edinburgh and London complete the remainder of the set .
buildings from edinburgh and london complete the [rest] of the set .

Special Axminster designs were woven , using a deep blue geometric style for the main restaurant and a small motif against a an open peach background for the remainder .
special axminster designs were woven , using a deep blue geometric style for the main restaurant and a small motif against a an open peach background for the [rest] .

These items could be represented by twin reservoirs for which only the net flow relative to the remainder of the system would be measured .
these items could be represented by twin reservoirs for which only the net flow relative to the [rest] of the system would be measured .

In the remainder of this chapter the following areas are described types of finance
in the [rest] of this chapter the following areas are described types of finance

The procedures which are set in place when the contract is signed will create an atmosphere for the remainder of the project .
the procedures which are set in place when the contract is signed will create an atmosphere for the [rest] of the project .

Whilst the process of jury selection was still under way , Barry made a television address on June 13 in which he announced that he would not stand for re-election for a fourth term in November 1990 , but would serve the remainder of his current four-year term , due to expire on Jan. 2 , 1991 .
whilst the process of jury selection was still under way , barry made a television address on june 13 in which he announced that he would not stand for re-election for a fourth term in november 1990 , but would serve the [rest] of his current four-year term , due to expire on jan. 2 , 1991 .

The election was conducted according to an electoral law agreed during the round table talks , which provided for half the 400 Grand National Assembly seats to be elected on a constituency basis and the remainder by proportional representation [ see p. 37380 ] .
the election was conducted according to an electoral law agreed during the round table talks , which provided for half the 400 grand national assembly seats to be elected on a constituency basis and the [rest] by proportional representation [ see p. 37380 ] .

Faisal al-Husseini , one of the chief co-ordinators of the intifada , was among a group of prominent East Jerusalem Arabs who protested against the killings by maintaining a hunger strike throughout the remainder of May .
faisal al-husseini , one of the chief co-ordinators of the intifada , was among a group of prominent east jerusalem arabs who protested against the killings by maintaining a hunger strike throughout the [rest] of may .

At the same time , voting would take place for one-quarter of the seats in the Little Hural , the remainder to be elected by the members of the Great Hural .
at the same time , voting would take place for one-quarter of the seats in the little hural , the [rest] to be elected by the members of the great hural .

Languages : Greek ( 75 % ) ; Turkish ( most of the remainder ) .
languages : greek ( 75 % ) ; turkish ( most of the [rest] ) .

Some 40 per cent of the population were of black African descent , 40 per cent were descended from labourers brought from the Indian subcontinent , and the remainder were of mixed race .
some 40 per cent of the population were of black african descent , 40 per cent were descended from labourers brought from the indian subcontinent , and the [rest] were of mixed race .

The distribution of the remainder of the portfolios was unchanged .
the distribution of the [rest] of the portfolios was unchanged .

By Sept. 20 six had been arrested , including deputy speaker Ilijaz Ramajli ; of the remainder , it was reported on Sept. 24 that one had committed suicide , and that the rest were believed to be in hiding outside Kosovo .
by sept. 20 six had been arrested , including deputy speaker ilijaz ramajli ; of the [rest] , it was reported on sept. 24 that one had committed suicide , and that the rest were believed to be in hiding outside kosovo .

Out of a total of 752 members , 668 voted , and Lee received 641 votes ( 96 per cent ) , the remainder spoiling their ballot papers .
out of a total of 752 members , 668 voted , and lee received 641 votes ( 96 per cent ) , the [rest] spoiling their ballot papers .

Elections for 105 seats in the 151-member Tsogdu are by universal suffrage of all adults over the age of 17 ; 10 are reserved for religious bodies and the remainder are occupied by officials , ministers and members of the Royal Advisory Council .
elections for 105 seats in the 151-member tsogdu are by universal suffrage of all adults over the age of 17 ; 10 are reserved for religious bodies and the [rest] are occupied by officials , ministers and members of the royal advisory council .

Discussions were also under way with Hungary on a similar agreement , not actually signed until March 10 , providing for the withdrawal of most of the 52,000 Soviet troops from Hungary by the end of 1990 and the remainder by July 1991 .
discussions were also under way with hungary on a similar agreement , not actually signed until march 10 , providing for the withdrawal of most of the 52,000 soviet troops from hungary by the end of 1990 and the [rest] by july 1991 .

Principal trading partners ( 1987 ) Soviet Union , remainder of Eastern Europe , Japan
principal trading partners ( 1987 ) soviet union , [rest] of eastern europe , japan

The remainder of this chapter is taken up with an account of an extended drama project which indicates how this interactive , cross-curricular approach works in practice .
the [rest] of this chapter is taken up with an account of an extended drama project which indicates how this interactive , cross-curricular approach works in practice .

If the current owner does not wish to continue with an involvement in the business after its sale but currently has a day to day role in the business it is important to address this issue and to demonstrate the ability of the remainder of the management team to perform without him .
if the current owner does not wish to continue with an involvement in the business after its sale but currently has a day to day role in the business it is important to address this issue and to demonstrate the ability of the [rest] of the management team to perform without him .

He spent the remainder of the day arranging and supervising the cutting , packaging and distribution of his own section 's share of the heroin consignment .
he spent the [rest] of the day arranging and supervising the cutting , packaging and distribution of his own section 's share of the heroin consignment .

He felt clear headed enough to tackle the remainder of the long journey north .
he felt clear headed enough to tackle the [rest] of the long journey north .

On the success or failure of this part of the operation would depend the lives of the hundred or more ordinary inmates of the building , because whether or not Control was successfully captured , phase three , an all-out assault by the remainder of Springfield 's troops would be launched .
on the success or failure of this part of the operation would depend the lives of the hundred or more ordinary inmates of the building , because whether or not control was successfully captured , phase three , an all-out assault by the [rest] of springfield 's troops would be launched .

Retaining only a dozen men to accompany the vehicles when they entered the grounds , he divided the remainder into two parties and dispatched them to cover the area north of the perimeter fence .
retaining only a dozen men to accompany the vehicles when they entered the grounds , he divided the [rest] into two parties and dispatched them to cover the area north of the perimeter fence .

The remainder were largely weaker .
the [rest] were largely weaker .

The capacity of the stadium has been limited to 17,000 with Dublin being allocated 10,000 , 5,000 to Wexford and the remainder set aside for neutrals .
the capacity of the stadium has been limited to 17,000 with dublin being allocated 10,000 , 5,000 to wexford and the [rest] set aside for neutrals .

The remainder are responsible for hijacking vehicles , taking over houses and concealing weapons .
the [rest] are responsible for hijacking vehicles , taking over houses and concealing weapons .

The remainder have had their teeth drawn .
the [rest] have had their teeth drawn .

After Nadine Long went close in the second minute for Pegasus , Portadown completely dominated the remainder of the first-half with Glenda McKee and Judith Chapman going close .
after nadine long went close in the second minute for pegasus , portadown completely dominated the [rest] of the first-half with glenda mckee and judith chapman going close .

This is made up of £130,000 in added money ( mainly from the sponsor but also with a contribution from the racecourse and the Levy Board , with the remainder coming from the stake money paid by each owner to enter .
this is made up of £130,000 in added money ( mainly from the sponsor but also with a contribution from the racecourse and the levy board , with the [rest] coming from the stake money paid by each owner to enter .

One rearrangement of Bradford 's Law predicts that 50 % of the literature of a subject will be contained in ‘ n ’ journals , 50 % of the remainder in 2n , with successive remainders forming an arithmetic series .
one rearrangement of bradford 's law predicts that 50 % of the literature of a subject will be contained in ‘ n ’ journals , 50 % of the [rest] in 2n , with successive remainders forming an arithmetic series .

Once the winding current is established only the low-voltage supply is effective and this may be insufficient to overcome the motional voltage during the remainder of the excitation interval .
once the winding current is established only the low-voltage supply is effective and this may be insufficient to overcome the motional voltage during the [rest] of the excitation interval .

When this task of selection is completed the designer must then consider how the motor and drive are to be controlled and interfaced to the remainder of the system .
when this task of selection is completed the designer must then consider how the motor and drive are to be controlled and interfaced to the [rest] of the system .

In the remainder of this Chapter the software .
in the [rest] of this chapter the software .

The remainder was taken up with minor details .
the [rest] was taken up with minor details .

She was not going to spend the remainder watching others do the work .
she was not going to spend the [rest] watching others do the work .

She had a spare pair , which saved not only Eva 's eyesight on that occasion but throughout the remainder of her tour up to Shetland .
she had a spare pair , which saved not only eva 's eyesight on that occasion but throughout the [rest] of her tour up to shetland .

When the remainder was poured out , she noticed that the bottle contained two half-decomposed snails .
when the [rest] was poured out , she noticed that the bottle contained two half-decomposed snails .

‘ Where an unpaid seller has made part delivery of the goods , he may exercise his lien or right of retention on the remainder , unless such part delivery has been made under such circumstances as to show an agreement to waive the lien or right of retention . ’
‘ where an unpaid seller has made part delivery of the goods , he may exercise his lien or right of retention on the [rest] , unless such part delivery has been made under such circumstances as to show an agreement to waive the lien or right of retention . ’

Part delivery to the buyer does not prevent the remainder being stopped in transit unless the part delivery is made under such circumstances as to show an agreement to give up possession of the whole of the goods .
part delivery to the buyer does not prevent the [rest] being stopped in transit unless the part delivery is made under such circumstances as to show an agreement to give up possession of the whole of the goods .

The remainder of the evening passed in a vague haze of laughter and conversation until Rob 's final kiss on Merrill 's cheek as she and Richard left .
the [rest] of the evening passed in a vague haze of laughter and conversation until rob 's final kiss on merrill 's cheek as she and richard left .

Book Bargains Ltd , the chain of 10 specialist remainder shops , has been put up for sale by its founder and managing director , Philip Weatherburn .
book bargains ltd , the chain of 10 specialist [rest] shops , has been put up for sale by its founder and managing director , philip weatherburn .

’ So , too , Austicks , with its substantial specialist and academic departments , noted the continuing spread of remainder shops , but commented that ‘ the effect on sales seems no worse despite the increased number of such shops opening up ’ .
’ so , too , austicks , with its substantial specialist and academic departments , noted the continuing spread of [rest] shops , but commented that ‘ the effect on sales seems no worse despite the increased number of such shops opening up ’ .

The most prominent example occurs in the immunoglobulin genes , where one of the many available gene segments encoding a variable region must be brought to a position next to the remainder of the gene before it can be expressed .
the most prominent example occurs in the immunoglobulin genes , where one of the many available gene segments encoding a variable region must be brought to a position next to the [rest] of the gene before it can be expressed .

As weak springs can only stored a fraction of the potential energy that a strong spring can hold , the remainder is lost as heat and if the change from a strong to a weak spring takes place over a period of time , equivalent to the observation time , then the energy loss is detected as mechanical damping .
as weak springs can only stored a fraction of the potential energy that a strong spring can hold , the [rest] is lost as heat and if the change from a strong to a weak spring takes place over a period of time , equivalent to the observation time , then the energy loss is detected as mechanical damping .

It is intended that the main part of the investment programme will be completed by next year , with the remainder phased over a further two years .
it is intended that the main part of the investment programme will be completed by next year , with the [rest] phased over a further two years .

The remainder is retained as addition to capital .
the [rest] is retained as addition to capital .

Of these 500 have been coloured red and the remainder blue .
of these 500 have been coloured red and the [rest] blue .

The remainder of the analysis is carried out by ‘ rolling back ’ the decision tree , that is by moving back from the final pay-off figures , node by node , multiplying each pay-off by the probability of each event passed through in the network .
the [rest] of the analysis is carried out by ‘ rolling back ’ the decision tree , that is by moving back from the final pay-off figures , node by node , multiplying each pay-off by the probability of each event passed through in the network .

The remainder of the assembly will not now be required to tolerate as much dimensional variation in the first item , reducing the design difficulty and assembly costs .
the [rest] of the assembly will not now be required to tolerate as much dimensional variation in the first item , reducing the design difficulty and assembly costs .

As indicated in the drawing , the spire , Lady Chapel and clerestory of the choir are later work in Gothic style but the remainder , giving a basis of design and construction , is Romanesque .
as indicated in the drawing , the spire , lady chapel and clerestory of the choir are later work in gothic style but the [rest] , giving a basis of design and construction , is romanesque .

The remainder ( except for parts devastated by war and now being renewed ) retains its Romanesque characteristics and is accessible and attractively sited amongst the trees in a park ( 321 ) .
the [rest] ( except for parts devastated by war and now being renewed ) retains its romanesque characteristics and is accessible and attractively sited amongst the trees in a park ( 321 ) .

In the remainder of the region now comprising East and West Germany Gothic development took a different form from that encountered in France , England and Belgium .
in the [rest] of the region now comprising east and west germany gothic development took a different form from that encountered in france , england and belgium .

In the early 1970s he became Manager Hops and continued in this role for the remainder of his career at Park Royal .
in the early 1970s he became manager hops and continued in this role for the [rest] of his career at park royal .

Bourdieu and Goldthorpe give us some preliminary insights into why a particularly dominant social group should engage in a postmodern way of life ; one which stems from social mobility , high incomes and which largely sets the pace for the remainder of the population .
bourdieu and goldthorpe give us some preliminary insights into why a particularly dominant social group should engage in a postmodern way of life ; one which stems from social mobility , high incomes and which largely sets the pace for the [rest] of the population .

By 19 August , the Big Five had reluctantly agreed to economies of 79 million , of which nearly 50 million was to be met by cuts in unemployment benefits ; the remainder of the budget would be balanced by additional taxation .
by 19 august , the big five had reluctantly agreed to economies of 79 million , of which nearly 50 million was to be met by cuts in unemployment benefits ; the [rest] of the budget would be balanced by additional taxation .

Much of the remainder of this chapter is devoted to analysing this distortion .
much of the [rest] of this chapter is devoted to analysing this distortion .

The king slept half-armed in his tent , the remainder of his plate-armour massed just within the entrance , and his lance with its pennant fixed upright in the turf outside .
the king slept half-armed in his tent , the [rest] of his plate-armour massed just within the entrance , and his lance with its pennant fixed upright in the turf outside .

The remainder of this chapter deals with the production and testing of a statistical analyser capable of dealing with general language .
the [rest] of this chapter deals with the production and testing of a statistical analyser capable of dealing with general language .

The remainder comprises grants to local authorities totalling £5.2 billion in 1992-93 and the external financing limits of the nationalised industries .
the [rest] comprises grants to local authorities totalling £5.2 billion in 1992-93 and the external financing limits of the nationalised industries .

If , following the issue of the reminder , the charging authority still does not receive payment , the right to pay by instalments is lost and the charge payer becomes liable to pay the authority the full amount of community charge outstanding for the remainder of the year .
if , following the issue of the reminder , the charging authority still does not receive payment , the right to pay by instalments is lost and the charge payer becomes liable to pay the authority the full amount of community charge outstanding for the [rest] of the year .

That legislation can not be carried through in the remainder of this Parliament and will be a matter for the next Parliament .
that legislation can not be carried through in the [rest] of this parliament and will be a matter for the next parliament .

Until this year , some of that waste went to Finland and the remainder to facilites elsewhere in the United Kingdom .
until this year , some of that waste went to finland and the [rest] to facilites elsewhere in the united kingdom .

It is unlikely that the House will be able to consider a Bill on this matter in the remainder of this Session , given the amount of business that we have to do .
it is unlikely that the house will be able to consider a bill on this matter in the [rest] of this session , given the amount of business that we have to do .

From this moment the gap between Grye and the remainder of the field increased with every stride until Seb passed the winning-post .
from this moment the gap between grye and the [rest] of the field increased with every stride until seb passed the winning-post .

The remainder was being retained by the Crown and would be used to form seven large , Crown-owned farms .
the [rest] was being retained by the crown and would be used to form seven large , crown-owned farms .

The remainder of her conversation was in fast Romany and Anna replied with a note of anger in her voice .
the [rest] of her conversation was in fast romany and anna replied with a note of anger in her voice .

He had felt he should ask Nahum to stay at Fern Cottage with him , but was relieved when Christian insisted that the gipsy leader 's son stay at Handley Farm for the remainder of his time in Swinbrook .
he had felt he should ask nahum to stay at fern cottage with him , but was relieved when christian insisted that the gipsy leader 's son stay at handley farm for the [rest] of his time in swinbrook .

The remainder of the navvies had gone .
the [rest] of the navvies had gone .

But for the people of Wales , the remainder of the report was equally bad , with the closure of many of our lines recommended .
but for the people of wales , the [rest] of the report was equally bad , with the closure of many of our lines recommended .

It was as she finished with the remainder of yesterday 's mail that she glanced through the window in time to see Silas walking towards the stables .
it was as she finished with the [rest] of yesterday 's mail that she glanced through the window in time to see silas walking towards the stables .

He made short work of the remainder of his lunch , pushed his chair from the table , and stood up .
he made short work of the [rest] of his lunch , pushed his chair from the table , and stood up .

She dealt with them , then attended to various other tasks which kept her occupied for the remainder of the afternoon .
she dealt with them , then attended to various other tasks which kept her occupied for the [rest] of the afternoon .

The remainder of the plates were taken to be placed on the table , and she began rolling the cutlery into paper napkins , her fingers shaking as she did so .
the [rest] of the plates were taken to be placed on the table , and she began rolling the cutlery into paper napkins , her fingers shaking as she did so .

Behind them the remainder of the rafting party sang popular songs during the homeward journey , but Lucy felt too miserable to join in .
behind them the [rest] of the rafting party sang popular songs during the homeward journey , but lucy felt too miserable to join in .

Nor was she surprised when Silas lapsed into silence during the remainder of the journey , and when they reached home she hastened to her room , where tears of frustration rolled down her cheeks .
nor was she surprised when silas lapsed into silence during the [rest] of the journey , and when they reached home she hastened to her room , where tears of frustration rolled down her cheeks .

Few words passed between them during the remainder of the horse trek , and even during lunch Silas appeared to be more silent than usual , a fact which drew a comment from Matt .
few words passed between them during the [rest] of the horse trek , and even during lunch silas appeared to be more silent than usual , a fact which drew a comment from matt .

Since the Prime Minister acknowledges convergence to be a matter of considerable importance in the development of the European Community , why is it , now that the Engineering Employers Federation , the Confederation of British Industry and his noble Friends in the House of Lords have all made cause for new investment incentives for British industry , that he and the remainder of the Government refuse to take such initiatives in order to support this very best way of securing recovery ?
since the prime minister acknowledges convergence to be a matter of considerable importance in the development of the european community , why is it , now that the engineering employers federation , the confederation of british industry and his noble friends in the house of lords have all made cause for new investment incentives for british industry , that he and the [rest] of the government refuse to take such initiatives in order to support this very best way of securing recovery ?

It is extraordinary that only last week the Leader of the Opposition confirmed that the Labour party is still wedded to bodies such as the national enterprise board , despite the fact that , of the 102 companies in which that body invested , about 35 went bust , 38 were sold at a loss and only the remainder managed even to return taxpayers ' money .
it is extraordinary that only last week the leader of the opposition confirmed that the labour party is still wedded to bodies such as the national enterprise board , despite the fact that , of the 102 companies in which that body invested , about 35 went bust , 38 were sold at a loss and only the [rest] managed even to return taxpayers ' money .

In the wake of the impressive list of meetings that the Secretary of State will be attending for the remainder of this year , will he encourage the Security Council to have a special meeting , after Britain 's anticipated endorsement of the Van den Stoel resolution on the destruction of human rights within Iraq at least to ensure that human rights monitors are in south Iraq to protect the unfortunate Shias ?
in the wake of the impressive list of meetings that the secretary of state will be attending for the [rest] of this year , will he encourage the security council to have a special meeting , after britain 's anticipated endorsement of the van den stoel resolution on the destruction of human rights within iraq at least to ensure that human rights monitors are in south iraq to protect the unfortunate shias ?

What is more , any forecast about the way in which industry will develop within the United Kingdom and the European Community in the remainder of this century suggests that national prosperity will depend to an increasing extent on the successful skilling up of the national work force to meet the new demands that will be made by industry , technology , the professions and academia .
what is more , any forecast about the way in which industry will develop within the united kingdom and the european community in the [rest] of this century suggests that national prosperity will depend to an increasing extent on the successful skilling up of the national work force to meet the new demands that will be made by industry , technology , the professions and academia .

In all , of the 350 commitments in the original White Paper , more than 200 have already been fulfilled in this first year alone and significant progress has been made with the remainder .
in all , of the 350 commitments in the original white paper , more than 200 have already been fulfilled in this first year alone and significant progress has been made with the [rest] .

This , of course , is the United Kingdom Parliament — many of us think that that is exactly the problem . However , as you have some discretion in these matters , Mr. Speaker , and while we wait for the Scottish electorate to remove the remainder of the Scottish Conservative party from this House , would it not be appropriate for you to give priority to Scottish Members at Scottish Question Time ?
this , of course , is the united kingdom parliament — many of us think that that is exactly the problem . however , as you have some discretion in these matters , mr. speaker , and while we wait for the scottish electorate to remove the [rest] of the scottish conservative party from this house , would it not be appropriate for you to give priority to scottish members at scottish question time ?

The result could surely be a damaging split between the different types of courses , with responsibility for the eligible areas potentially fragmented between the further education college , sixth form colleges and the remainder .
the result could surely be a damaging split between the different types of courses , with responsibility for the eligible areas potentially fragmented between the further education college , sixth form colleges and the [rest] .

It had been his wish that the railway should run for the remainder of his life .
it had been his wish that the railway should run for the [rest] of his life .

We can send the remainder to a sale-room .
we can send the [rest] to a sale-room .

Rohan drank the remainder of the wine in his glass and replaced it on the tray .
rohan drank the [rest] of the wine in his glass and replaced it on the tray .

The remainder of the Winter Programme will be announced later .
the [rest] of the winter programme will be announced later .

The cold water cistern acts as a store of water and feeds the remainder of the house .
the cold water cistern acts as a store of water and feeds the [rest] of the house .

As the cistern supplies the remainder of the house , there will usually be two main feeds : one for the cold taps ( not the kitchen ) and WCs and one for the hot water system .
as the cistern supplies the [rest] of the house , there will usually be two main feeds : one for the cold taps ( not the kitchen ) and wcs and one for the hot water system .

The remainder of the book describes various aspects of the whole lifetime of the railway and its death .
the [rest] of the book describes various aspects of the whole lifetime of the railway and its death .

The remainder of the programme is
the [rest] of the programme is

Faye could not paint or draw while lying in bed , but in the mornings Belinda usually read to her for an hour while she rested her eyes , then left her alone for the remainder of the morning to rest or scribble ideas for future painting projects .
faye could not paint or draw while lying in bed , but in the mornings belinda usually read to her for an hour while she rested her eyes , then left her alone for the [rest] of the morning to rest or scribble ideas for future painting projects .

For any user approaching an index or a computerized information retrieval system , there will be a number of records in the system relevant to the topic of his search , while the remainder will be of no interest on that occasion .
for any user approaching an index or a computerized information retrieval system , there will be a number of records in the system relevant to the topic of his search , while the [rest] will be of no interest on that occasion .

The remainder of the week proved busy , the demands made by the earthquake having caused a backlog of normal work , in addition to a sudden need to do something about the restlessness she had begun to notice in Florian Jones .
the [rest] of the week proved busy , the demands made by the earthquake having caused a backlog of normal work , in addition to a sudden need to do something about the restlessness she had begun to notice in florian jones .

Greg pondered on this information during his teaching hours that occupied the remainder of the day .
greg pondered on this information during his teaching hours that occupied the [rest] of the day .

The remainder of the present Chapter will deal with core-level photoelectron spectroscopy , valence-level photoelectron spectroscopy and electronic excitation spectroscopy in turn .
the [rest] of the present chapter will deal with core-level photoelectron spectroscopy , valence-level photoelectron spectroscopy and electronic excitation spectroscopy in turn .

The remainder are calculated by calibrating the theoretical model such that the parameters are consistent with equilibrium in the market in a given period .
the [rest] are calculated by calibrating the theoretical model such that the parameters are consistent with equilibrium in the market in a given period .

In the remainder of this chapter , we shall focus attention upon the Bank of England and upon the rest of the monetary sector .
in the [rest] of this chapter , we shall focus attention upon the bank of england and upon the rest of the monetary sector .

It also abolished the ‘ half-time ’ system by which children worked for part of the day and attended school for the remainder .
it also abolished the ‘ half-time ’ system by which children worked for part of the day and attended school for the [rest] .

About one-eighth of secondary pupils in Northern Ireland attend grammar secondary schools , the remainder attending secondary intermediate schools .
about one-eighth of secondary pupils in northern ireland attend grammar secondary schools , the [rest] attending secondary intermediate schools .

About three-quarters of them were day schools and the remainder boarding ( Government Statistical Service , 1989 , Table 17 ) .
about three-quarters of them were day schools and the [rest] boarding ( government statistical service , 1989 , table 17 ) .

He spent a few minutes making polite , nondescript conversation , then he proceeded to devote the remainder of the meal to Alyssia .
he spent a few minutes making polite , nondescript conversation , then he proceeded to devote the [rest] of the meal to alyssia .

She was hardly aware of the car pulling up outside the house , or of going up to her bedroom , claiming that she was too exhausted to relax on the beach and enjoy the remainder of the sunshine .
she was hardly aware of the car pulling up outside the house , or of going up to her bedroom , claiming that she was too exhausted to relax on the beach and enjoy the [rest] of the sunshine .

She spent the remainder of the week drifting aimlessly from room to room in the house , until her father irritably asked her one evening whether she had nothing better to do .
she spent the [rest] of the week drifting aimlessly from room to room in the house , until her father irritably asked her one evening whether she had nothing better to do .

The remainder of the entire courtyard is filled with persons of all ranks , high and low , rich and poor
the [rest] of the entire courtyard is filled with persons of all ranks , high and low , rich and poor

What was the expressed ‘ consideration ’ ? Was it ( a ) the promise of £500 , or ( b ) the payment of £500 , or ( c ) the payment of £500 and the promise of the remainder by instalments ?
what was the expressed ‘ consideration ’ ? was it ( a ) the promise of £500 , or ( b ) the payment of £500 , or ( c ) the payment of £500 and the promise of the [rest] by instalments ?

Some were travelling direct from Cowes , most were arriving from London by railway express , and the remainder by carriage from their country houses .
some were travelling direct from cowes , most were arriving from london by railway express , and the [rest] by carriage from their country houses .

It was agreed that only ten people should tramp round the tiny cottage at a time ; the remainder were forced to mingle with the morning shoppers and then to walk on to the old St Mary 's Chapel , which once had held the shrine of Our Lady of Bradstow and to which passing ships would lower their sails in honour .
it was agreed that only ten people should tramp round the tiny cottage at a time ; the [rest] were forced to mingle with the morning shoppers and then to walk on to the old st mary 's chapel , which once had held the shrine of our lady of bradstow and to which passing ships would lower their sails in honour .

The 1992 , Europe and Trade campaign , beginning in September 1992 , will have an emphasis on Latin America for the first four months and then for the remainder of the year will focus on Europe and Trade in the global context .
the 1992 , europe and trade campaign , beginning in september 1992 , will have an emphasis on latin america for the first four months and then for the [rest] of the year will focus on europe and trade in the global context .

By a process which almost seemed inevitable the State found itself directing a major part of the country 's industries , and controlling or licensing most of the remainder .
by a process which almost seemed inevitable the state found itself directing a major part of the country 's industries , and controlling or licensing most of the [rest] .

With a study designed the way this one was there is very little that can be done to decide whether this relatively uninteresting possibility is the major factor determining the results , the studies in the remainder of this thesis are , however , designed to address this problem .
with a study designed the way this one was there is very little that can be done to decide whether this relatively uninteresting possibility is the major factor determining the results , the studies in the [rest] of this thesis are , however , designed to address this problem .

Two small cabins replaced these for the remainder of the finishing works .
two small cabins replaced these for the [rest] of the finishing works .

In the remainder of this chapter , we shall present an outline sketch of the assumptions about the fundamental structure of grammar which form the background to our discussion of English adjectives , and which allow us to derive the kind of detailed inferences about grammaticality and interpretation exemplified above .
in the [rest] of this chapter , we shall present an outline sketch of the assumptions about the fundamental structure of grammar which form the background to our discussion of english adjectives , and which allow us to derive the kind of detailed inferences about grammaticality and interpretation exemplified above .

In the next two sections , we shall draw attention to effects on interpretation and consider informally the basis of the distinction ; in 2.4 and 2.5 we look at the grammatical consequences , and in the remainder of the chapter consider why the distinction may sometimes be hard to appreciate and argue that it is nevertheless quite generally available for the attributive adjectival construction .
in the next two sections , we shall draw attention to effects on interpretation and consider informally the basis of the distinction ; in 2.4 and 2.5 we look at the grammatical consequences , and in the [rest] of the chapter consider why the distinction may sometimes be hard to appreciate and argue that it is nevertheless quite generally available for the attributive adjectival construction .

We shall first raise some questions which seem in need of answers , and then discuss some observations about their characteristics ; in Section 3.8 , we shall propose an account of their intensional structure , and in the remainder of the chapter show how this reflects their characteristics and answers the questions , as well as making possible coverage of some further data .
we shall first raise some questions which seem in need of answers , and then discuss some observations about their characteristics ; in section 3.8 , we shall propose an account of their intensional structure , and in the [rest] of the chapter show how this reflects their characteristics and answers the questions , as well as making possible coverage of some further data .

Another matter worth commenting on is the noticeable disparity in acceptability for the same adjective qualifying the same noun but with the remainder of the phrase varying .
another matter worth commenting on is the noticeable disparity in acceptability for the same adjective qualifying the same noun but with the [rest] of the phrase varying .

6.7 The thing which all the adjectives of the sort found in ( 33 ) have in common is that on the intensional level they qualify the relation between the entity identified by the noun phrase in which they appear and the description supported by the words making up the remainder of that phrase .
6.7 the thing which all the adjectives of the sort found in ( 33 ) have in common is that on the intensional level they qualify the relation between the entity identified by the noun phrase in which they appear and the description supported by the words making up the [rest] of that phrase .

One rearrangement of Bradford 's Law predicts that 50 % of the literature of a subject will be contained in ‘ n ’ journals , 50 % of the remainder in 2n , with successive remainders forming an arithmetic series .
one rearrangement of bradford 's law predicts that 50 % of the literature of a subject will be contained in ‘ n ’ journals , 50 % of the [rest] in 2n , with successive remainders forming an arithmetic series .

The first launch was made on January 26th 1944 and the remainder were completed at Leith by a workforce of 600 men .
the first launch was made on january 26th 1944 and the [rest] were completed at leith by a workforce of 600 men .

‘ Can we , ’ thundered the leading article , ‘ add one-tenth of this vast remainder ?
‘ can we , ’ thundered the leading article , ‘ add one-tenth of this vast [rest] ?

Under the agreement , debt could be converted into five varieties of concessionary bonds , each requiring the banks to offer discounts of 35 per cent on the face value of debt owed to them , in return for higher interest rates on the remainder .
under the agreement , debt could be converted into five varieties of concessionary bonds , each requiring the banks to offer discounts of 35 per cent on the face value of debt owed to them , in return for higher interest rates on the [rest] .

The Declaration envisaged the abolition of all tariffs within the zone , although Ecuador was to be permitted to dismantle its strongly protectionist system in two stages — 50 per cent of its tariffs would be lifted by the end of 1991 , and the remainder by June 30 , 1992 .
the declaration envisaged the abolition of all tariffs within the zone , although ecuador was to be permitted to dismantle its strongly protectionist system in two stages — 50 per cent of its tariffs would be lifted by the end of 1991 , and the [rest] by june 30 , 1992 .

The remainder of the bill , including increased funds for local and federal law enforcement agencies , greater penalties for child pornography , fraud and drug offences , was signed by Bush on Nov. 28 .
the [rest] of the bill , including increased funds for local and federal law enforcement agencies , greater penalties for child pornography , fraud and drug offences , was signed by bush on nov. 28 .

An executive President is elected every five years , as is a unicameral National Congress with 116 members , 87 of whom are directly elected ; the remainder are elected on the basis of proportional representation .
an executive president is elected every five years , as is a unicameral national congress with 116 members , 87 of whom are directly elected ; the [rest] are elected on the basis of proportional representation .

Legislative power is vested in the 72-member unicameral National Congress , 12 of whose members are elected for a four-year term on a national basis and the remainder , whose seats are renewable after two years , on a provincial basis .
legislative power is vested in the 72-member unicameral national congress , 12 of whose members are elected for a four-year term on a national basis and the [rest] , whose seats are renewable after two years , on a provincial basis .

available for `` sustainable forestry `` , while the remainder was to be a research area .
available for `` sustainable forestry `` , while the [rest] was to be a research area .

The remainder of the emergency package consisted of 2,100,000 million yen in loan provisions from the government to promote private investment .
the [rest] of the emergency package consisted of 2,100,000 million yen in loan provisions from the government to promote private investment .

Four people were acquitted and the remainder received sentences ranging from three to 20 years .
four people were acquitted and the [rest] received sentences ranging from three to 20 years .

The population of Estonia was 61.5 per cent Estonian and 30.3 per cent Russian , the remainder comprising Ukrainians , Byelorussians and Finns ( 1989 census ) .
the population of estonia was 61.5 per cent estonian and 30.3 per cent russian , the [rest] comprising ukrainians , byelorussians and finns ( 1989 census ) .

The Latvian population was 51.8 per cent Latvian and 33.8 per cent Russian ( the highest proportion of Russians in any of the Baltic states ) , the remainder being Byelorussians , Poles and Ukrainians ( 1989 census ) .
the latvian population was 51.8 per cent latvian and 33.8 per cent russian ( the highest proportion of russians in any of the baltic states ) , the [rest] being byelorussians , poles and ukrainians ( 1989 census ) .

Russians comprised 9.4 per cent , Poles 7.0 per cent and the remainder were Byelorussians , Ukrainians , Jews , Latvians , and Germans ( 1989 census ) .
russians comprised 9.4 per cent , poles 7.0 per cent and the [rest] were byelorussians , ukrainians , jews , latvians , and germans ( 1989 census ) .

Languages : Greek ( 80 % ) ; Turkish ( most of the remainder ) .
languages : greek ( 80 % ) ; turkish ( most of the [rest] ) .

Of these posts 40 per cent were filled by Liechtensteiners , the remainder being taken either by foreigners living in Liechtenstein or by employees commuting from Switzerland and Austria .
of these posts 40 per cent were filled by liechtensteiners , the [rest] being taken either by foreigners living in liechtenstein or by employees commuting from switzerland and austria .

The Middle East Economic Digest of April 26 reported that there were more than 1,000,000 Iraqi refugees in Iran , of whom 50,000 were Shias from southern Iraq , and the remainder Kurds .
the middle east economic digest of april 26 reported that there were more than 1,000,000 iraqi refugees in iran , of whom 50,000 were shias from southern iraq , and the [rest] kurds .

Half the country 's state enterprises were to be privatized by end-1993 , a large proportion of the remainder was to be converted into wholly state-owned joint stock companies , competition was to be promoted , agriculture modernized , a sound banking system created , and a modern tax and budgetary system implemented .
half the country 's state enterprises were to be privatized by end-1993 , a large proportion of the [rest] was to be converted into wholly state-owned joint stock companies , competition was to be promoted , agriculture modernized , a sound banking system created , and a modern tax and budgetary system implemented .

However , the register , classifying the remainder of the country 's 36,000,000 people , only 4,500,000 of them white , was due to remain in force until the agreement of an eventual new constitution which , de Klerk told parliament , was `` within our reach within a few years `` .
however , the register , classifying the [rest] of the country 's 36,000,000 people , only 4,500,000 of them white , was due to remain in force until the agreement of an eventual new constitution which , de klerk told parliament , was `` within our reach within a few years `` .

The remainder of the elections to State Assemblies took place simultaneously with the Lok Sabha elections on June 12 and 15 , except in Punjab [ see below ] .
the [rest] of the elections to state assemblies took place simultaneously with the lok sabha elections on june 12 and 15 , except in punjab [ see below ] .

Of the 40 , nine were appointed to ensure equal representation of Moslems and Christians ; the remainder filled seats left vacant by the death of representatives elected at the last general election in 1972 .
of the 40 , nine were appointed to ensure equal representation of moslems and christians ; the [rest] filled seats left vacant by the death of representatives elected at the last general election in 1972 .

Although in control of the divisional command post , the rebels made no attempt to seize the remainder of the camp which was defended by some 200 loyal troops .
although in control of the divisional command post , the rebels made no attempt to seize the [rest] of the camp which was defended by some 200 loyal troops .

The Council of State on Jan. 20 , 1990 , granted an amnesty to 22 of those detained for their part in the coup attempt of Oct. 17 , 1985 [ see p. 34217 ] ; 16 were freed unconditionally , while the remainder , who had been sentenced to death and had had their sentences commuted to 15 years ' imprisonment , remained under house arrest .
the council of state on jan. 20 , 1990 , granted an amnesty to 22 of those detained for their part in the coup attempt of oct. 17 , 1985 [ see p. 34217 ] ; 16 were freed unconditionally , while the [rest] , who had been sentenced to death and had had their sentences commuted to 15 years ' imprisonment , remained under house arrest .

His chief rival , Roniti Teiwaki , an independent member of the House of Assembly for South Tarawa , polled 41.9 per cent , with the remainder of the vote being shared by Beniamina Tinga and Boanareke Boanareke .
his chief rival , roniti teiwaki , an independent member of the house of assembly for south tarawa , polled 41.9 per cent , with the [rest] of the vote being shared by beniamina tinga and boanareke boanareke .

The local media reported rioting across the country throughout the remainder of the month .
the local media reported rioting across the country throughout the [rest] of the month .

Only $ 500 million consisted of humanitarian aid , however , with the remainder made up of trade guarantees for Japanese companies .
only $ 500 million consisted of humanitarian aid , however , with the [rest] made up of trade guarantees for japanese companies .

Shehabuddin Ahmed on Dec. 9 appointed the first members of a Council of Advisers , announcing the appointment of the remainder on Dec. 16 .
shehabuddin ahmed on dec. 9 appointed the first members of a council of advisers , announcing the appointment of the [rest] on dec. 16 .

The remainder went to the Socialist Party ( four seats ) , the Party of Yugoslavs ( one ) and independents ( three ) ; one seat remained vacant .
the [rest] went to the socialist party ( four seats ) , the party of yugoslavs ( one ) and independents ( three ) ; one seat remained vacant .

The remainder of Nunavut would remain federal crown land , and the Inuit would be eligible to receive a portion of any future resource royalties .
the [rest] of nunavut would remain federal crown land , and the inuit would be eligible to receive a portion of any future resource royalties .

In return the Inuit agreed to surrender their claim to the remainder of the western area of the Northwest Territories , which would be renamed .
in return the inuit agreed to surrender their claim to the [rest] of the western area of the northwest territories , which would be renamed .

On Nov. 13 Menem signed a decree for a sweeping new privatization programme , aimed at winding up the remainder of the public sector by the end of 1992 .
on nov. 13 menem signed a decree for a sweeping new privatization programme , aimed at winding up the [rest] of the public sector by the end of 1992 .

The remainder of the 33,000 troops belonging to the Interior Ministry would be included in the Border Guard by April 1992 .
the [rest] of the 33,000 troops belonging to the interior ministry would be included in the border guard by april 1992 .

The scheme , based on each province 's population , provided for the centre retaining one-fifth of the total pool , with the remainder being split between the Punjab ( 57.88 per cent ) ; Sind ( 23.28 per cent ) ; North-West Frontier Province ( 13.50 per cent ) and Baluchistan ( 5.30 per cent ) .
the scheme , based on each province 's population , provided for the centre retaining one-fifth of the total pool , with the [rest] being split between the punjab ( 57.88 per cent ) ; sind ( 23.28 per cent ) ; north-west frontier province ( 13.50 per cent ) and baluchistan ( 5.30 per cent ) .

The 23 prospective presidential candidates who had contested the discredited primaries would not be allowed to run for president the next time , and all were banned from political activity for the remainder of the transitional period .
the 23 prospective presidential candidates who had contested the discredited primaries would not be allowed to run for president the next time , and all were banned from political activity for the [rest] of the transitional period .

The remainder went to the Georgian Popular Front , other party blocs , and independents .
the [rest] went to the georgian popular front , other party blocs , and independents .

The number of Indians had dropped from 51 per cent to 46.4 per cent of the population , while Melanesians made up 48.4 per cent with other races making up the remainder .
the number of indians had dropped from 51 per cent to 46.4 per cent of the population , while melanesians made up 48.4 per cent with other races making up the [rest] .

It was estimated that $ 85,000,000 of this would go to Drexel 's fixed creditors , while the remainder would be split between the various litigants at the discretion of the court and Securities Exchange Commission .
it was estimated that $ 85,000,000 of this would go to drexel 's fixed creditors , while the [rest] would be split between the various litigants at the discretion of the court and securities exchange commission .

The former , who had served as mayor of San Francisco , defeated the Republican incumbent John Seymour , who had been appointed by Governor Pete Wilson in 1990 to serve the remainder of his ( Wilson 's ) term .
the former , who had served as mayor of san francisco , defeated the republican incumbent john seymour , who had been appointed by governor pete wilson in 1990 to serve the [rest] of his ( wilson 's ) term .

Clinton achieved further successes in the contests staged during the remainder of the month .
clinton achieved further successes in the contests staged during the [rest] of the month .

In the first round of voting 19 of the 28 seats were decided , with the remainder going to a second round ; 82 per cent of the 8,592-strong electorate went to the polls ( most of Andorra 's population of 60,000 being foreigners and not entitled to vote ) .
in the first round of voting 19 of the 28 seats were decided , with the [rest] going to a second round ; 82 per cent of the 8,592-strong electorate went to the polls ( most of andorra 's population of 60,000 being foreigners and not entitled to vote ) .

Of these 133 new Majlis members , it was estimated that some 55 were supporters of Rafsanjani and that many of the remainder were reported to be independent candidates likely to align themselves with the President 's faction .
of these 133 new majlis members , it was estimated that some 55 were supporters of rafsanjani and that many of the [rest] were reported to be independent candidates likely to align themselves with the president 's faction .

The French government announced on April 8 that it was suspending its nuclear weapons testing programme for the remainder of the year as a gesture towards halting the process of nuclear proliferation .
the french government announced on april 8 that it was suspending its nuclear weapons testing programme for the [rest] of the year as a gesture towards halting the process of nuclear proliferation .

The remainder was to be raised by the issuing of one-year bonds which would be redeemed by smaller tax increases than originally proposed .
the [rest] was to be raised by the issuing of one-year bonds which would be redeemed by smaller tax increases than originally proposed .

Military expenditure therefore absorbed 70 per cent of revenues , and over half the country 's industry was at a standstill , the remainder working below capacity .
military expenditure therefore absorbed 70 per cent of revenues , and over half the country 's industry was at a standstill , the [rest] working below capacity .

Ten parts of South Africa ( not necessarily contiguous geographical entities but based on ethnic groupings ) have been designated by the government as " homelands " for Africans ; four of these ( Bophuthatswana , Ciskei , Transkei and Venda ) have been declared independent sovereign states but are recognized only by South Africa and each other ; the remainder ( Gazankulu , KaNgwane , KwaNdbele , KwaZulu , Lebowa and Qwaqwa ) are at various stages of " self-government " .
ten parts of south africa ( not necessarily contiguous geographical entities but based on ethnic groupings ) have been designated by the government as " homelands " for africans ; four of these ( bophuthatswana , ciskei , transkei and venda ) have been declared independent sovereign states but are recognized only by south africa and each other ; the [rest] ( gazankulu , kangwane , kwandbele , kwazulu , lebowa and qwaqwa ) are at various stages of " self-government " .

Legislative authority is vested in a Chamber of Representatives elected for a six-year term and comprising 306 members , of whom 206 are directly elected by universal adult suffrage and the remainder by an electoral college composed of local councillors and representatives of professional bodies .
legislative authority is vested in a chamber of representatives elected for a six-year term and comprising 306 members , of whom 206 are directly elected by universal adult suffrage and the [rest] by an electoral college composed of local councillors and representatives of professional bodies .

In the present case it is in my judgment clearly established by the evidence , first , that the plaintiff had a belief at all material times that she was going to receive both the cottage and the remainder of the deceased 's property on his death , and secondly , that this belief was encouraged by the deceased .
in the present case it is in my judgment clearly established by the evidence , first , that the plaintiff had a belief at all material times that she was going to receive both the cottage and the [rest] of the deceased 's property on his death , and secondly , that this belief was encouraged by the deceased .

The plaintiff succeeded in her action and was entitled to both the house and the remainder of the deceased 's net estate .
the plaintiff succeeded in her action and was entitled to both the house and the [rest] of the deceased 's net estate .

This maxim is generally quoted as explaining certain implications which may arise from the fact that , or the circumstances under which , an owner of land grants or demises part of it , retaining the remainder in his own hands .
this maxim is generally quoted as explaining certain implications which may arise from the fact that , or the circumstances under which , an owner of land grants or demises part of it , retaining the [rest] in his own hands .

210 In all cases between landlord and tenant , as often as it shall happen that one half year 's rent shall be in arrear , and the landlord or lessor , to whom the same is due , hath right by law to re-enter for the non-payment thereof , such landlord or lessor shall and may , without any formal demand or re-entry , serve a writ in ejectment for the recovery of the demised premises , which service shall stand in the place and stead of a demand and re-entry ; and in case of judgment against the defendant for non-appearance , if it shall be made appear to the court where the said action is depending , by affidavit , or be proved upon the trial in case the defendant appears , that half a year 's rent was due before the said writ was served , and that no sufficient distress was to be found on the demised premises , countervailing the arrears then due , and that the lessor had power to re-enter , then and in every such case the lessor shall recover judgment and execution , in the same manner as if the rent in arrear had been legally demanded , and a re-entry made ; and in case the lessee or his assignee , or other person claiming or deriving under the said lease , shall permit and suffer judgment to be had and recovered on such trial in ejectment , and execution to be executed thereon , without paying the rent and arrears , together with full costs , and without proceeding for relief in equity within six months after such execution executed , then and in such case the said lessee , his assignee , and all other persons claiming and deriving under the said lease , shall be barred and foreclosed from all relief or remedy in law or equity , other than by bringing error for reversal of such judgment , in case the same shall be erroneous , and the said landlord or lessor shall from thenceforth hold the said demised premises discharged from such lease ; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to bar the right of any mortgagee of such lease , or any part thereof , who shall not be in possession , so as such mortgagee shall and do , within six months after such judgment obtained and execution executed pay all rent in arrear , and all costs and damages sustained by such lessor or person entitled to the remainder or reversion as aforesaid , and perform all the covenants and agreements which , on the part and behalf of the first lessee , are and ought to be performed .
210 in all cases between landlord and tenant , as often as it shall happen that one half year 's rent shall be in arrear , and the landlord or lessor , to whom the same is due , hath right by law to re-enter for the non-payment thereof , such landlord or lessor shall and may , without any formal demand or re-entry , serve a writ in ejectment for the recovery of the demised premises , which service shall stand in the place and stead of a demand and re-entry ; and in case of judgment against the defendant for non-appearance , if it shall be made appear to the court where the said action is depending , by affidavit , or be proved upon the trial in case the defendant appears , that half a year 's rent was due before the said writ was served , and that no sufficient distress was to be found on the demised premises , countervailing the arrears then due , and that the lessor had power to re-enter , then and in every such case the lessor shall recover judgment and execution , in the same manner as if the rent in arrear had been legally demanded , and a re-entry made ; and in case the lessee or his assignee , or other person claiming or deriving under the said lease , shall permit and suffer judgment to be had and recovered on such trial in ejectment , and execution to be executed thereon , without paying the rent and arrears , together with full costs , and without proceeding for relief in equity within six months after such execution executed , then and in such case the said lessee , his assignee , and all other persons claiming and deriving under the said lease , shall be barred and foreclosed from all relief or remedy in law or equity , other than by bringing error for reversal of such judgment , in case the same shall be erroneous , and the said landlord or lessor shall from thenceforth hold the said demised premises discharged from such lease ; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to bar the right of any mortgagee of such lease , or any part thereof , who shall not be in possession , so as such mortgagee shall and do , within six months after such judgment obtained and execution executed pay all rent in arrear , and all costs and damages sustained by such lessor or person entitled to the [rest] or reversion as aforesaid , and perform all the covenants and agreements which , on the part and behalf of the first lessee , are and ought to be performed .

Whether the original charge against him was justified is unknown , but the incident cost the English 100 ships , and the remainder returned to London shortly before the arrival of a fresh force of raiders ; in the chronicler 's words , the effort of the whole nation came to nothing .
whether the original charge against him was justified is unknown , but the incident cost the english 100 ships , and the [rest] returned to london shortly before the arrival of a fresh force of raiders ; in the chronicler 's words , the effort of the whole nation came to nothing .

Its shadow was to hang over the remainder of his presidency .
its shadow was to hang over the [rest] of his presidency .

If practitioners adopt paragraph ( 8 ) but not Article 10 and the remainder of Article 11 they must include in their Articles provisions specifying the effect of a deemed Transfer Notice ( as provided for by paragraph ( 8 ) ) .
if practitioners adopt paragraph ( 8 ) but not article 10 and the [rest] of article 11 they must include in their articles provisions specifying the effect of a deemed transfer notice ( as provided for by paragraph ( 8 ) ) .

If practitioners adopt paragraph ( 8 ) but not Article 10 and the remainder of Article 11 they must include in their Articles provisions specifying the effect of a deemed Transfer Notice ( as provided for by paragraph ( 8 ) ) .
if practitioners adopt paragraph ( 8 ) but not article 10 and the [rest] of article 11 they must include in their articles provisions specifying the effect of a deemed transfer notice ( as provided for by paragraph ( 8 ) ) .

The remainder of the search space can be ordered by using scoring techniques to rank competing hypotheses and to schedule the exploration of the possible extensions .
the [rest] of the search space can be ordered by using scoring techniques to rank competing hypotheses and to schedule the exploration of the possible extensions .

No distinction was made between different levels of stress and only primary and secondary stressed vowels are differentiated from the remainder of the vowels .
no distinction was made between different levels of stress and only primary and secondary stressed vowels are differentiated from the [rest] of the vowels .

They must both perform the remainder of their agreed duties under the contract .
they must both perform the [rest] of their agreed duties under the contract .

The remainder of this chapter will be devoted to examining how the potential provided by the two versions of the infinitive is actually used by speakers of English in contexts where the infinitive occurs after full verbs .
the [rest] of this chapter will be devoted to examining how the potential provided by the two versions of the infinitive is actually used by speakers of english in contexts where the infinitive occurs after full verbs .

Melt remainder with the coffee and one tablespoon of water in a bowl over hot water .
melt [rest] with the coffee and one tablespoon of water in a bowl over hot water .

From there they covered the remainder of the bay crossing , paying the guide 1/4 for the Leven Sands section , arriving at Furness Abbey .
from there they covered the [rest] of the bay crossing , paying the guide 1/4 for the leven sands section , arriving at furness abbey .

The lease was to run for 21 years yielding a Royalty of one ninth in the first three years ; an eighth during the next three , and a seventh part or dish for the remainder of the term .
the lease was to run for 21 years yielding a royalty of one ninth in the first three years ; an eighth during the next three , and a seventh part or dish for the [rest] of the term .

Perhaps the most impressive sight was the remainder of Ras Lul Seged 's army , which had been almost annihilated in a furious battle and the Ras himself killed .
perhaps the most impressive sight was the [rest] of ras lul seged 's army , which had been almost annihilated in a furious battle and the ras himself killed .

We were glad enough that the weather seemed set fair for the remainder of our voyage and next morning set off on the last few miles of our northerly course to round the utmost tip of Shetland .
we were glad enough that the weather seemed set fair for the [rest] of our voyage and next morning set off on the last few miles of our northerly course to round the utmost tip of shetland .

Selecting one as the reference ellipsoid , the effect of the remainder is approximated by a continuum surrounding the reference ellipsoid , thus reducing the problem to one for which there is an exact solution .
selecting one as the reference ellipsoid , the effect of the [rest] is approximated by a continuum surrounding the reference ellipsoid , thus reducing the problem to one for which there is an exact solution .

Eleven showed severe inflammatory changes ( proctitis ) and the remainder features reminiscent of ulcerative colitis .
eleven showed severe inflammatory changes ( proctitis ) and the [rest] features reminiscent of ulcerative colitis .

The remainder comprised three patients with iron deficiency , one with carcinomatosis , two with oral amphthous ulceration , two normal subjects considered to have been incorrectly diagnosed with gluten sensitivity as children , one patient with mild microscopic colitis , one patient with giardiasis , and two seemingly normal relatives of patients with coeliac disease .
the [rest] comprised three patients with iron deficiency , one with carcinomatosis , two with oral amphthous ulceration , two normal subjects considered to have been incorrectly diagnosed with gluten sensitivity as children , one patient with mild microscopic colitis , one patient with giardiasis , and two seemingly normal relatives of patients with coeliac disease .

Eight animals from each group were killed at 16 weeks and the remainder at 32 weeks .
eight animals from each group were killed at 16 weeks and the [rest] at 32 weeks .

Eight animals from each group were killed at 16 weeks and the remainder ( 22 per group ) were sacrified at 32 weeks .
eight animals from each group were killed at 16 weeks and the [rest] ( 22 per group ) were sacrified at 32 weeks .

In the first group ( n=40 ) , half received calcium supplementation ( n=20 ) ; 16 animals ( eight receiving calcium ) were sacrified at 16 weeks ; the remainder were sacrified at 32 weeks .
in the first group ( n=40 ) , half received calcium supplementation ( n=20 ) ; 16 animals ( eight receiving calcium ) were sacrified at 16 weeks ; the [rest] were sacrified at 32 weeks .

Four of these animals were lost for technical reasons and four because of intestinal obstruction ; the remainder ( n=39 ) were killed at 32 weeks .
four of these animals were lost for technical reasons and four because of intestinal obstruction ; the [rest] ( n=39 ) were killed at 32 weeks .

However , observational studies such as these should be interpreted with care , all that can be fairly concluded is that the group operated on do not differ significantly from the remainder and the longer a patient is followed the greater the change of surgery .
however , observational studies such as these should be interpreted with care , all that can be fairly concluded is that the group operated on do not differ significantly from the [rest] and the longer a patient is followed the greater the change of surgery .

In the remainder , the recurrent stones were silent or asymptomatic .
in the [rest] , the recurrent stones were silent or asymptomatic .

Only two of the patients with gall stone recurrence in this study had symptoms of biliary colic : in the remainder , the recurrent stones were silent or asymptomatic .
only two of the patients with gall stone recurrence in this study had symptoms of biliary colic : in the [rest] , the recurrent stones were silent or asymptomatic .

Recently Cohn et al found that 73 % of 11 large bowel cancer patients whose tumours had lost the nm23 allele developed metastatic liver disease compared with only 20 % of the remainder .
recently cohn et al found that 73 % of 11 large bowel cancer patients whose tumours had lost the nm23 allele developed metastatic liver disease compared with only 20 % of the [rest] .

The majority ( 88 % ) of the tumours studied were described histologically as moderately differentiated , with only a single tumour ( 2 % ) described as well differentiated and the remainder ( 10 % ) , poorly differentiated .
the majority ( 88 % ) of the tumours studied were described histologically as moderately differentiated , with only a single tumour ( 2 % ) described as well differentiated and the [rest] ( 10 % ) , poorly differentiated .

Renal function was followed by measuring the serum creatinine at entry , weekly for one month , and then monthly for the remainder of the study .
renal function was followed by measuring the serum creatinine at entry , weekly for one month , and then monthly for the [rest] of the study .

After instruction , blood pressure was measured and recorded by the patient daily for one month and then three times/week for the remainder of the study .
after instruction , blood pressure was measured and recorded by the patient daily for one month and then three times/week for the [rest] of the study .

After dewaxing , one section from each series was stained with haematoxylin and eosin for histological evaluation ; the remainder were subjected to paired immunohistochemical staining ( see below ) .
after dewaxing , one section from each series was stained with haematoxylin and eosin for histological evaluation ; the [rest] were subjected to paired immunohistochemical staining ( see below ) .

One ml was used for lipid analysis and the remainder for estimations of serum albumin and retinol binding protein concentrations .
one ml was used for lipid analysis and the [rest] for estimations of serum albumin and retinol binding protein concentrations .

The remainder is shared between the principal underwriter ( about 0.75 per cent ) and the broker ( 0.25 per cent ) in the issue .
the [rest] is shared between the principal underwriter ( about 0.75 per cent ) and the broker ( 0.25 per cent ) in the issue .

She had taken supply teaching for a term at a nearby school and moved here to this school as a replacement teacher for the remainder of the year .
she had taken supply teaching for a term at a nearby school and moved here to this school as a replacement teacher for the [rest] of the year .

Delays brought about by the teachers ’ industrial action in the summer of 1984 and normal staff turnover probably account for the remainder .
delays brought about by the teachers ’ industrial action in the summer of 1984 and normal staff turnover probably account for the [rest] .

However , we will disregard this refinement for the remainder of the chapter and assume that the discount rate is constant .
however , we will disregard this refinement for the [rest] of the chapter and assume that the discount rate is constant .

The market can close for the remainder of the trading day or for a much shorter period such as half an hour , depending on the exchange .
the market can close for the [rest] of the trading day or for a much shorter period such as half an hour , depending on the exchange .

The remainder is retained as addition to capital .
the [rest] is retained as addition to capital .

Of these 500 have been coloured red and the remainder blue .
of these 500 have been coloured red and the [rest] blue .

The remainder of the analysis is carried out by ‘ rolling back ’ the decision tree , that is by moving back from the final pay-off figures , node by node , multiplying each pay-off by the probability of each event passed through in the network .
the [rest] of the analysis is carried out by ‘ rolling back ’ the decision tree , that is by moving back from the final pay-off figures , node by node , multiplying each pay-off by the probability of each event passed through in the network .

The remainder of the assembly will not now be required to tolerate as much dimensional variation in the first item , reducing the design difficulty and assembly costs .
the [rest] of the assembly will not now be required to tolerate as much dimensional variation in the first item , reducing the design difficulty and assembly costs .

The Exchange will hold around 40 per cent of the shares in the new body with 20 or more groups — such as banks , registrars , securities houses and large financial institutions as well as some listed companies — holding the remainder .
the exchange will hold around 40 per cent of the shares in the new body with 20 or more groups — such as banks , registrars , securities houses and large financial institutions as well as some listed companies — holding the [rest] .

Of the eleven general Forest inquests held during the period 1297–1305 in the forests of Rockingham , King 's Cliffe , Whittlewood and Salcey , Despenser presided at only one ; the remainder were held before Robert of Harrowden , his deputy .
of the eleven general forest inquests held during the period 1297–1305 in the forests of rockingham , king 's cliffe , whittlewood and salcey , despenser presided at only one ; the [rest] were held before robert of harrowden , his deputy .

At the end of the reign John 's desperate situation produced a further crop of charters of disafforestment in 1215 — for the remainder of Cornwall in return for a fine of 1,200 marks and four palfreys paid by the men of that county ; for Nassaburgh hundred in Northamptonshire , for which the Abbot of Peterborough paid 1,220 marks ; and for the Abbot of Abbey Dore 's lands in Treville Forest , for which the abbot paid 600 marks and ten palfreys .
at the end of the reign john 's desperate situation produced a further crop of charters of disafforestment in 1215 — for the [rest] of cornwall in return for a fine of 1,200 marks and four palfreys paid by the men of that county ; for nassaburgh hundred in northamptonshire , for which the abbot of peterborough paid 1,220 marks ; and for the abbot of abbey dore 's lands in treville forest , for which the abbot paid 600 marks and ten palfreys .

Of 223 defaulters at the Pickering Forest eyre of 1334 , only nineteen finally surrendered themselves at the York county court in August 1338 ; the remainder , who had no lands or chattels by which they could be distrained were outlawed .
of 223 defaulters at the pickering forest eyre of 1334 , only nineteen finally surrendered themselves at the york county court in august 1338 ; the [rest] , who had no lands or chattels by which they could be distrained were outlawed .

By this time , therefore , the Forest Eyre was found to be a cumbersome and ineffectual engine , and was allowed to fall into desuetude : only two short eyres were held in the southern forests during the remainder of the century — in Northamptonshire and Buckinghamshire in 1348 , and in Hampshire and Wiltshire in 1355 .
by this time , therefore , the forest eyre was found to be a cumbersome and ineffectual engine , and was allowed to fall into desuetude : only two short eyres were held in the southern forests during the [rest] of the century — in northamptonshire and buckinghamshire in 1348 , and in hampshire and wiltshire in 1355 .

The remainder of the forest wastes was in most cases divided between the lords of the manors and the commoners , in proportion to the value of their interests : the allotments were then to be fenced at the expense of the proprietors .
the [rest] of the forest wastes was in most cases divided between the lords of the manors and the commoners , in proportion to the value of their interests : the allotments were then to be fenced at the expense of the proprietors .

while the portion of the Forest at present planted under the Acts may properly be managed with a view to producing the most profitable crop of trees , the remainder of the Forest should henceforth , in the interest of the nation at large , be managed with a view to the preservation of its natural aspect and condition as a Forest of surpassing beauty and unique character .
while the portion of the forest at present planted under the acts may properly be managed with a view to producing the most profitable crop of trees , the [rest] of the forest should henceforth , in the interest of the nation at large , be managed with a view to the preservation of its natural aspect and condition as a forest of surpassing beauty and unique character .

The remainder of the finishers were either remounted or put to the fence a second time .
the [rest] of the finishers were either remounted or put to the fence a second time .

For most of the remainder , Hitler stood for at least some things they admired , and for many had become the symbol and embodiment of the national revival which the Third Reich had in many respects been perceived to accomplish .
for most of the [rest] , hitler stood for at least some things they admired , and for many had become the symbol and embodiment of the national revival which the third reich had in many respects been perceived to accomplish .

The remainder of the formal powers of the monarchy are strictly limited .
the [rest] of the formal powers of the monarchy are strictly limited .

Use an orange or yellow pencil for the remainder , that is , things you are unsure about or which do not seem to fit clearly into either the good or the bad categories .
use an orange or yellow pencil for the [rest] , that is , things you are unsure about or which do not seem to fit clearly into either the good or the bad categories .

Qaddafi 's expectation is unexceptional : when the necessarily unjust state is abolished and subtracted from the sum of available relationships in society , the remainder will be natural families .
qaddafi 's expectation is unexceptional : when the necessarily unjust state is abolished and subtracted from the sum of available relationships in society , the [rest] will be natural families .

Romantic dreams and sexual callisthenics , chivalry and rape , roses and semen , chocolate boxes and contraceptives … but most of all , never entirely out of his embattled mind , slowly dragged the shapes of the thousands of words he had so far composed on that day and the thousands he had yet to compose by candle light through the remainder of the bitterly cold night .
romantic dreams and sexual callisthenics , chivalry and rape , roses and semen , chocolate boxes and contraceptives … but most of all , never entirely out of his embattled mind , slowly dragged the shapes of the thousands of words he had so far composed on that day and the thousands he had yet to compose by candle light through the [rest] of the bitterly cold night .

The remainder of the paragraph had been cut out .
the [rest] of the paragraph had been cut out .

My hope is that on May 19 , when the full Board vote , they will go instead for eight four-day games , the remainder to be played over three days on uncovered pitches and run-ups , thus restoring life to pitches , variety to bowling attacks and a priceless education to batsmen .
my hope is that on may 19 , when the full board vote , they will go instead for eight four-day games , the [rest] to be played over three days on uncovered pitches and run-ups , thus restoring life to pitches , variety to bowling attacks and a priceless education to batsmen .

It then interlinks with the remainder of the barricade , creating a complex set upon which the performers act out choreographed battle scenes .
it then interlinks with the [rest] of the barricade , creating a complex set upon which the performers act out choreographed battle scenes .

Such ‘ feminising ’ factors have been foiled by two other inventions , that of separate sexes ( many animals and some plants have abandoned hermaphroditism , perhaps because half the hermaphrodites were feminised and it therefore paid the remainder to turn into pure males ) and genetic sex determination .
such ‘ feminising ’ factors have been foiled by two other inventions , that of separate sexes ( many animals and some plants have abandoned hermaphroditism , perhaps because half the hermaphrodites were feminised and it therefore paid the [rest] to turn into pure males ) and genetic sex determination .

He is said to have offered to go into exile if the remainder of his sentence is waived .
he is said to have offered to go into exile if the [rest] of his sentence is waived .

All this could be done by giving a life estate to the head of the family ; with the remainder to his sons successively in tail-male , with remainder to the daughters in tail , subject to a rentcharge in favour of the life tenant 's widow upon his death , and in favour of any other persons desired to be benefited ; and with power to the trustees to create long leases in the property for the purpose of charging the lease in order to provide portions for younger sons and daughters who did not inherit the land .
all this could be done by giving a life estate to the head of the family ; with the [rest] to his sons successively in tail-male , with [rest] to the daughters in tail , subject to a rentcharge in favour of the life tenant 's widow upon his death , and in favour of any other persons desired to be benefited ; and with power to the trustees to create long leases in the property for the purpose of charging the lease in order to provide portions for younger sons and daughters who did not inherit the land .

He then became able to bar the entail , but , being tenant in tail remainder only , he could only effect a total bar by disentailing with the consent of his father , the tenant in possession .
he then became able to bar the entail , but , being tenant in tail [rest] only , he could only effect a total bar by disentailing with the consent of his father , the tenant in possession .

By an arrangement between father and son , a disentailment could be effected ; but not so as to alienate the fee ; rather to reduce the son 's interest to a life estate in remainder , with remainder to his issue successively in tail .
by an arrangement between father and son , a disentailment could be effected ; but not so as to alienate the fee ; rather to reduce the son 's interest to a life estate in [rest] , with [rest] to his issue successively in tail .

The limitations are then to the father for life , remainder to the son for life , remainder to the son 's issue successively in tail , and subject to terms concerning rentcharges and portions as desired .
the limitations are then to the father for life , [rest] to the son for life , [rest] to the son 's issue successively in tail , and subject to terms concerning rentcharges and portions as desired .

For example , narwhal were traditionally hunted for food by the Inuit Eskimoes of the eastern Arctic region of Canada , who ate the outer layer of meat and skin ( muktuk ) and some of the red meat , and fed the remainder to their sled dogs .
for example , narwhal were traditionally hunted for food by the inuit eskimoes of the eastern arctic region of canada , who ate the outer layer of meat and skin ( muktuk ) and some of the red meat , and fed the [rest] to their sled dogs .

For the remainder of this one we will look at his account of personal identity and the mind , and then at his political philosophy .
for the [rest] of this one we will look at his account of personal identity and the mind , and then at his political philosophy .

She flapped and fretted for the remainder of the meal .
she flapped and fretted for the [rest] of the meal .

Barring mishaps , he can expect to see out the remainder of his two-year term as prime minister .
barring mishaps , he can expect to see out the [rest] of his two-year term as prime minister .

The union 's promise that no Irish team will be allowed to go to South Africa ‘ whilst the remainder of the apartheid laws exist ’ has not convinced many people , while drawing the wrath of their recent hosts down about the heads of Dawson and his fellow-travellers .
the union 's promise that no irish team will be allowed to go to south africa ‘ whilst the [rest] of the apartheid laws exist ’ has not convinced many people , while drawing the wrath of their recent hosts down about the heads of dawson and his fellow-travellers .

The remainder could house another public gallery — perhaps a permanent home for Mantegna 's Triumphs , currently on show at the Royal Academy .
the [rest] could house another public gallery — perhaps a permanent home for mantegna 's triumphs , currently on show at the royal academy .

The remainder are ‘ not bothered one way or the other ’ .
the [rest] are ‘ not bothered one way or the other ’ .

After 20 years or so thinning can begin ; the excess trees are used as timber and the remainder form a naturally spaced woodland .
after 20 years or so thinning can begin ; the excess trees are used as timber and the [rest] form a naturally spaced woodland .

, while the remainder had either very low charges or long term investment — encouraging exit charge arrangements .
, while the [rest] had either very low charges or long term investment — encouraging exit charge arrangements .

The remainder of the day is at leisure although there is an optional excursion to Interlaken and Grindelwald , visiting the woodcarving centre of Brienz .
the [rest] of the day is at leisure although there is an optional excursion to interlaken and grindelwald , visiting the woodcarving centre of brienz .

Much of the remainder of the village 's pasture land would also have been held in common and consisted probably of rough grazing , perhaps within a wood .
much of the [rest] of the village 's pasture land would also have been held in common and consisted probably of rough grazing , perhaps within a wood .

Of these about 40 lived in hutted accommodation adjacent to the works , whilst the remainder lived in lodgings in the surrounding villages .
of these about 40 lived in hutted accommodation adjacent to the works , whilst the [rest] lived in lodgings in the surrounding villages .

The caddies received only a proportion of this as a caddie master was entitled to the remainder .
the caddies received only a proportion of this as a caddie master was entitled to the [rest] .

Many such creatures increase in size by segmentation , each segment containing a batch of similar organs , legs , excretory devices , and reproductive organs , so that each is partially independent of the remainder .
many such creatures increase in size by segmentation , each segment containing a batch of similar organs , legs , excretory devices , and reproductive organs , so that each is partially independent of the [rest] .

’ The remainder of the meeting was conducted at an unusually vigorous pace .
’ the [rest] of the meeting was conducted at an unusually vigorous pace .

For the remainder of his free time , he had an established circle of good friends , whom he saw regularly .
for the [rest] of his free time , he had an established circle of good friends , whom he saw regularly .

The remainder is farmland , mostly in the West Country , plus forty-five acres in south London , including the Oval cricket ground .
the [rest] is farmland , mostly in the west country , plus forty-five acres in south london , including the oval cricket ground .

’ From Rome they flew down to join Britannia in Sicily for the remainder of the tour , where the Prince 's artist friend John Ward was waiting .
’ from rome they flew down to join britannia in sicily for the [rest] of the tour , where the prince 's artist friend john ward was waiting .

The brick-built garage which adjoined this west elevation was demolished and rebuilt with its new external walls showing a flint facing matching the remainder of the structure .
the brick-built garage which adjoined this west elevation was demolished and rebuilt with its new external walls showing a flint facing matching the [rest] of the structure .

The remainder were to be preserved or put to other uses , but delays in reaching decisions often meant that the buildings had been severely vandalised by the time they were available for conversion .
the [rest] were to be preserved or put to other uses , but delays in reaching decisions often meant that the buildings had been severely vandalised by the time they were available for conversion .

The cost of installing these features and retiling the remainder of the roof was assisted by a Repairs Grant provided by the local authority .
the cost of installing these features and retiling the [rest] of the roof was assisted by a repairs grant provided by the local authority .

The remainder of the upper-storey accommodation , which was created at a slightly higher level in the eastern half of the main east-west wing , is reached from the ground floor via a spiral stair .
the [rest] of the upper-storey accommodation , which was created at a slightly higher level in the eastern half of the main east-west wing , is reached from the ground floor via a spiral stair .

With the help of an architect , Tony Fretton , he deduced that even if the north wing continued as a gymnasium , the remainder of the accommodation would divide satisfactorily into six residential/studio units .
with the help of an architect , tony fretton , he deduced that even if the north wing continued as a gymnasium , the [rest] of the accommodation would divide satisfactorily into six residential/studio units .

The brigade will force them to withdraw most of their forces and will defeat the remainder in a classic set-piece brigade attack , on a well-sited defensive position .
the brigade will force them to withdraw most of their forces and will defeat the [rest] in a classic set-piece brigade attack , on a well-sited defensive position .

Back at the Military Port in Marchwood , the working day for the remainder of the regiment would not start for another hour and a half .
back at the military port in marchwood , the working day for the [rest] of the regiment would not start for another hour and a half .

With half the regiment away on exercise and some on the range , the remainder had been busy .
with half the regiment away on exercise and some on the range , the [rest] had been busy .

Reveille for the remainder was at 0600 , as the transit camp we had been living in for the fortnight had to be handed over to the next inhabitants spick and span .
reveille for the [rest] was at 0600 , as the transit camp we had been living in for the fortnight had to be handed over to the next inhabitants spick and span .

The remainder of the platoon has been ‘ volunteered ’ to help the 1st Battalion the Black Watch with specialised training for fighting in built-up areas .
the [rest] of the platoon has been ‘ volunteered ’ to help the 1st battalion the black watch with specialised training for fighting in built-up areas .

The briefing over , he returned to the countryside to join his company commander in his trench to see out the remainder of the night .
the briefing over , he returned to the countryside to join his company commander in his trench to see out the [rest] of the night .

Long vacation sittings The court sat in various strengths in the first half of August and the second half of September with judges available for truly urgent matters during the remainder of the vacation .
long vacation sittings the court sat in various strengths in the first half of august and the second half of september with judges available for truly urgent matters during the [rest] of the vacation .

The remainder of the sequence then degenerates into a mêlée of pumping arms and legs .
the [rest] of the sequence then degenerates into a mêlée of pumping arms and legs .

Protestant — loyalist domination , successor to the ascendancy , was circumscribed to one corner of Ireland while the catholic — nationalist alliance asserted total domination in the remainder .
protestant — loyalist domination , successor to the ascendancy , was circumscribed to one corner of ireland while the catholic — nationalist alliance asserted total domination in the [rest] .

One must also remember that the bulk of the clergy both in Ireland and in the remainder of catholic Europe came from rural backgrounds , where the sense of God is , or was , part of the air one breathes ( Acquaviva 1979 ) .
one must also remember that the bulk of the clergy both in ireland and in the [rest] of catholic europe came from rural backgrounds , where the sense of god is , or was , part of the air one breathes ( acquaviva 1979 ) .

The remainder were taken up in the amalgamations of 1974 , which coincided with the creation of the Metropolitan Councils , and today 's amalgamated forces often seem to owe as much to local and national political opportunity than to any operational logic ; and even two decades after the first melding together of the small forces , attempts to standardize uniform and systems of operation has consistently failed to dislodge many localized , small-scale beliefs and practices .
the [rest] were taken up in the amalgamations of 1974 , which coincided with the creation of the metropolitan councils , and today 's amalgamated forces often seem to owe as much to local and national political opportunity than to any operational logic ; and even two decades after the first melding together of the small forces , attempts to standardize uniform and systems of operation has consistently failed to dislodge many localized , small-scale beliefs and practices .

Most of the specialists are Dermato -venereologists , and usually only about 10 per cent of the patients they see are suffering from a sexually transmitted disease , the remainder having skin problems .
most of the specialists are dermato -venereologists , and usually only about 10 per cent of the patients they see are suffering from a sexually transmitted disease , the [rest] having skin problems .

Now for some good news to dispel the gloom ; once the Sun enters Scorpio on October 23 , you can relax and safely say that the remainder of this year will be plain sailing and relatively carefree .
now for some good news to dispel the gloom ; once the sun enters scorpio on october 23 , you can relax and safely say that the [rest] of this year will be plain sailing and relatively carefree .

However , once you have safely navigated the Full Moon on the 14th — and managed to reassure someone that you 'd love them even if they did n't have a bean — then the remainder of this month should be magic time .
however , once you have safely navigated the full moon on the 14th — and managed to reassure someone that you 'd love them even if they did n't have a bean — then the [rest] of this month should be magic time .

He and the American senator greeted each other as old colleagues and they were to be seen together for much of the remainder of that day , laughing over reminiscences .
he and the american senator greeted each other as old colleagues and they were to be seen together for much of the [rest] of that day , laughing over reminiscences .

If a ‘ back fence ’ is used , the stock is confined to its daily strip and the remainder of the grass is completely rested for a long period .
if a ‘ back fence ’ is used , the stock is confined to its daily strip and the [rest] of the grass is completely rested for a long period .

For the remainder , the governors could admit whom they chose and charge fees on an approved scale .
for the [rest] , the governors could admit whom they chose and charge fees on an approved scale .

The cost of repair is met primarily by the Department of the Environment ( seventy per cent ) , and the remainder is contributed by the Church .
the cost of repair is met primarily by the department of the environment ( seventy per cent ) , and the [rest] is contributed by the church .

He was carted off to the Scottish Military Hospital in Alexandria , while the remainder of the group made a second jump the following day without any further serious mishaps .
he was carted off to the scottish military hospital in alexandria , while the [rest] of the group made a second jump the following day without any further serious mishaps .

Mr Fowler 's decision to close nearly half the country 's 2,000 JobCentres and unemployment benefit offices , to integrate the remainder , and to bring the much-reduced network under the control of a semi-autonomous agency has far-reaching implications .
mr fowler 's decision to close nearly half the country 's 2,000 jobcentres and unemployment benefit offices , to integrate the [rest] , and to bring the much-reduced network under the control of a semi-autonomous agency has far-reaching implications .

The De Haan family , which owns 63 per cent of the travel to financial services company , said it was considering an offer to buy the remainder of the shares at about £3 each .
the de haan family , which owns 63 per cent of the travel to financial services company , said it was considering an offer to buy the [rest] of the shares at about £3 each .

Saga has about 1,500 shareholders , with institutions accounts for around half the shares not held by the family and the remainder held by private investors .
saga has about 1,500 shareholders , with institutions accounts for around half the shares not held by the family and the [rest] held by private investors .

Cable & Wireless holds around three-quarters of the shares , the Hong Kong Government another 7 per cent and the remainder are held by outside shareholders .
cable & wireless holds around three-quarters of the shares , the hong kong government another 7 per cent and the [rest] are held by outside shareholders .

While business was buoyant there was a living in it for many small shops that are liable to succumb in a climate where 40 per cent of the country are wanting independent deals , and the remainder are demanding much improved advice and service .
while business was buoyant there was a living in it for many small shops that are liable to succumb in a climate where 40 per cent of the country are wanting independent deals , and the [rest] are demanding much improved advice and service .

The remainder of this section , however , considers how firms develop a structure best equipped to succeed in the international environment .
the [rest] of this section , however , considers how firms develop a structure best equipped to succeed in the international environment .

Now , nearly the whole output of houses is built under contract to local authorities and the remainder — between a tenth and a fifth of the whole — are built by licence to individual order .
now , nearly the whole output of houses is built under contract to local authorities and the [rest] — between a tenth and a fifth of the whole — are built by licence to individual order .

‘ Are you staying here for the remainder of the night ? ’ Jock enquired .
‘ are you staying here for the [rest] of the night ? ’ jock enquired .

’ Pat proceeded to polish off the remainder of his breakfast , with grease from the remains of the rabbit trickling down the sides of his mouth .
’ pat proceeded to polish off the [rest] of his breakfast , with grease from the remains of the rabbit trickling down the sides of his mouth .

Advance ( recoupable ) £1.5m per album for first four albums ; £2.0m in total for the remainder
advance ( recoupable ) £1.5m per album for first four albums ; £2.0m in total for the [rest]

In Ivory Coast the transfer of ownership has been essentially from the foreign private investor to the local private investor : government remains the owner of 50 per cent of corporate capital ( as it has been since the 1960s ) and the foreign investors ' share has been reduced to 30 per cent , with the local private sector taking the remainder .
in ivory coast the transfer of ownership has been essentially from the foreign private investor to the local private investor : government remains the owner of 50 per cent of corporate capital ( as it has been since the 1960s ) and the foreign investors ' share has been reduced to 30 per cent , with the local private sector taking the [rest] .

In Nigeria the foreign investors ' share is now about 20 per cent , with the bulk of the remainder held in the Nigerian private sector ; the localization legislation created over one million individual shareholders .
in nigeria the foreign investors ' share is now about 20 per cent , with the bulk of the [rest] held in the nigerian private sector ; the localization legislation created over one million individual shareholders .

Of twenty-four professionals retained by Lancashire in 1899 , seventeen were paid £3 a week as a basic wage during the season with the remainder getting less .
of twenty-four professionals retained by lancashire in 1899 , seventeen were paid £3 a week as a basic wage during the season with the [rest] getting less .

You would have thought there might be a problem of some sort : just a small failure perhaps ; something which would suggest that all was not well within the house of the world champions ; something which would give the rest a smidgeon of hope for the remainder of the season .
you would have thought there might be a problem of some sort : just a small failure perhaps ; something which would suggest that all was not well within the house of the world champions ; something which would give the rest a smidgeon of hope for the [rest] of the season .

the objects to which men give most preference , their ideals , proceed from the same perceptions and experiences as the objects which they most abhor , and … they were originally only distinguished from one another through slight modifications … Indeed … it is possible for the original instinctual representative to be split in two , one part undergoing repression , while the remainder , Precisely on account of this intimate connection , undergoes idealization ( xi .
the objects to which men give most preference , their ideals , proceed from the same perceptions and experiences as the objects which they most abhor , and … they were originally only distinguished from one another through slight modifications … indeed … it is possible for the original instinctual representative to be split in two , one part undergoing repression , while the [rest] , precisely on account of this intimate connection , undergoes idealization ( xi .

The apparent indifference seems to have spread to Lendl 's attitude to the remainder of this year .
the apparent indifference seems to have spread to lendl 's attitude to the [rest] of this year .

‘ The remainder , at worst , would go to the state ; or better , into a fund to promote industrial safety .
‘ the [rest] , at worst , would go to the state ; or better , into a fund to promote industrial safety .

It would be a joint venture , the exchange indicated , with the exchange perhaps owning 40 per cent with the remainder controlled by 20 or more institutions , such as banks , registrars , securities houses and large financial institutions as well as some listed companies .
it would be a joint venture , the exchange indicated , with the exchange perhaps owning 40 per cent with the [rest] controlled by 20 or more institutions , such as banks , registrars , securities houses and large financial institutions as well as some listed companies .

But motor industry executives now expect the decline in sales that showed through last month to accelerate in the remainder of the year .
but motor industry executives now expect the decline in sales that showed through last month to accelerate in the [rest] of the year .

The excess will remain in the buyer 's warehouse for quite some time , tying up his capital and his storage space . After time , he will still be facing the same problem : what to do with the remainder of the material ?
the excess will remain in the buyer 's warehouse for quite some time , tying up his capital and his storage space . after time , he will still be facing the same problem : what to do with the [rest] of the material ?

Although Richard Baxter did n't die of tuberculosis , it nevertheless left him with much bodily weakness and pain for the remainder of his life .
although richard baxter did n't die of tuberculosis , it nevertheless left him with much bodily weakness and pain for the [rest] of his life .

The remainder of Ireland became known as the Free State of Eire , but disagreement about that partition of Ireland became an inflamed issue within the Free State , and it led to bloody civil war there , after 50,000 British troops were withdrawn , in 1922 .
the [rest] of ireland became known as the free state of eire , but disagreement about that partition of ireland became an inflamed issue within the free state , and it led to bloody civil war there , after 50,000 british troops were withdrawn , in 1922 .

Forty-one farms , just over a quarter , had developed a specialised product but it was apparent that the remainder did not envisage identifying or exploiting such products in the future .
forty-one farms , just over a quarter , had developed a specialised product but it was apparent that the [rest] did not envisage identifying or exploiting such products in the future .

Sixty-five percent of wives were happy to attend in their husbands ' place with the remainder not enthusiastic .
sixty-five percent of wives were happy to attend in their husbands ' place with the [rest] not enthusiastic .

Dierdrie accepted this formal rebuff and stuffed the remainder of her chips and peas into a small but sensuous mouth .
dierdrie accepted this formal rebuff and stuffed the [rest] of her chips and peas into a small but sensuous mouth .

Walking to the station , past the brightly-lit boutiques , cinemas , remainder bookshops and tatty souvenir stalls , all decorated for Christmas and building up to the January sales , she found herself having to think about what had happened to her .
walking to the station , past the brightly-lit boutiques , cinemas , [rest] bookshops and tatty souvenir stalls , all decorated for christmas and building up to the january sales , she found herself having to think about what had happened to her .

The unfortunate passengers are crammed into the remainder .
the unfortunate passengers are crammed into the [rest] .

In the remainder of the cases in the first two teams , either no service was offered , service was declined by the client , or the assessment was preempted in some way ( for example , by the client entering hospital ) .
in the [rest] of the cases in the first two teams , either no service was offered , service was declined by the client , or the assessment was preempted in some way ( for example , by the client entering hospital ) .

The remainder of the department 's new places were provided in warden-aided schemes , unstaffed houses and the new adult placement service .
the [rest] of the department 's new places were provided in warden-aided schemes , unstaffed houses and the new adult placement service .

The remainder either stayed at home or moved voluntarily to a relative , neighbour , or friend .
the [rest] either stayed at home or moved voluntarily to a relative , neighbour , or friend .

Satisfactory inter-agency communication , however , was present in the remainder of the sample and was associated with the establishment of informal lines of communication between agencies .
satisfactory inter-agency communication , however , was present in the [rest] of the sample and was associated with the establishment of informal lines of communication between agencies .

The remainder of my time with him was spent picking up tips on desert survival .
the [rest] of my time with him was spent picking up tips on desert survival .

For the remainder of this century the Canadian economy is likely to grow at approaching 3 % per year with energy demand increasing at just over 2 % per year .
for the [rest] of this century the canadian economy is likely to grow at approaching 3 % per year with energy demand increasing at just over 2 % per year .

For the remainder of the century Japan 's oil and gas fields and coal mines will contribute no more than 2 % to meeting energy demand .
for the [rest] of the century japan 's oil and gas fields and coal mines will contribute no more than 2 % to meeting energy demand .

During the remainder of the century there will certainly be other similar developments using Western money and expertise .
during the [rest] of the century there will certainly be other similar developments using western money and expertise .

Electricity demand is likely to grow by between 2 % and 2.3 % for the remainder of the century and by the year 2000 nuclear energy should be contributing some 40 % of demand .
electricity demand is likely to grow by between 2 % and 2.3 % for the [rest] of the century and by the year 2000 nuclear energy should be contributing some 40 % of demand .

Currently the domestic sector is nearly 60 % supplied by natural gas and this is likely to increase during the remainder of the century as it becomes more widely available .
currently the domestic sector is nearly 60 % supplied by natural gas and this is likely to increase during the [rest] of the century as it becomes more widely available .

During the remainder of the century some one-third of the increase in energy consumption in the LDCs is likely to be accounted for by oil which means a reduction in its proportion of consumption from 55 % today to 43 % by the year 2000 .
during the [rest] of the century some one-third of the increase in energy consumption in the ldcs is likely to be accounted for by oil which means a reduction in its proportion of consumption from 55 % today to 43 % by the year 2000 .

The high level of economic growth means that , for the remainder of the century , this region will record the highest level of energy demand increase of any Third World region .
the high level of economic growth means that , for the [rest] of the century , this region will record the highest level of energy demand increase of any third world region .

By this means a government can ensure that part of the supply of foreign exchange is surrendered to it at a low price to be used to satisfy the demands of privileged groups , including itself , while the remainder is left for more or less free disposal by the recipient enterprises , either on an official market at a more favourable rate , or on a free or ‘ black ’ market .
by this means a government can ensure that part of the supply of foreign exchange is surrendered to it at a low price to be used to satisfy the demands of privileged groups , including itself , while the [rest] is left for more or less free disposal by the recipient enterprises , either on an official market at a more favourable rate , or on a free or ‘ black ’ market .

For many years the Yugoslav system of allocation was to allow exporters to retain a certain proportion of their foreign exchange earnings and to surrender the remainder to the National Bank .
for many years the yugoslav system of allocation was to allow exporters to retain a certain proportion of their foreign exchange earnings and to surrender the [rest] to the national bank .

What is amazing , therefore , is that the agency that has the responsibility for this programme — Milton Keynes Development Corporation — has been largely wound down over the past few years and the remainder of it will cease to exist in 1992 .
what is amazing , therefore , is that the agency that has the responsibility for this programme — milton keynes development corporation — has been largely wound down over the past few years and the [rest] of it will cease to exist in 1992 .

It places the offender under the State 's control , as it were , for the remainder of his or her life .
it places the offender under the state 's control , as it were , for the [rest] of his or her life .

With the raffle short of a grand by just a few quid , the cry for the remainder went up .
with the raffle short of a grand by just a few quid , the cry for the [rest] went up .

Mungo wondered if she had left unspoken the remainder of the sentence : ‘ … unlike you .
mungo wondered if she had left unspoken the [rest] of the sentence : ‘ … unlike you .

Then the legs would be stacked on plates and the remainder of the meat sliced to make sandwiches .
then the legs would be stacked on plates and the [rest] of the meat sliced to make sandwiches .

During the remainder of the century no improvement was was registered .
during the [rest] of the century no improvement was was registered .

The sterling standard for silver ( 925 parts per thousand of silver with the remainder being mainly copper ) has its origins in the fourteenth century and has continued virtually without interruption to the present day .
the sterling standard for silver ( 925 parts per thousand of silver with the [rest] being mainly copper ) has its origins in the fourteenth century and has continued virtually without interruption to the present day .

In the remainder of the book the focus is on activities , feelings , and relationships in the present .
in the [rest] of the book the focus is on activities , feelings , and relationships in the present .

The remainder of the book is based on the 55 interviews with contemporary older men and women .
the [rest] of the book is based on the 55 interviews with contemporary older men and women .

We shall come back to two of these references inspired by dreams of his mother and the hope that if reprieved he could ‘ comfort the autumn of her life ’ — and the remainder are mere passing notes .
we shall come back to two of these references inspired by dreams of his mother and the hope that if reprieved he could ‘ comfort the autumn of her life ’ — and the [rest] are mere passing notes .

Currently there are five such principal agents one inorganic and the remainder organic .
currently there are five such principal agents one inorganic and the [rest] organic .

Degrés ( 1960 ) is in fact the last of Butor 's works to be labelled a novel ; the remainder of his output is difficult to classify in generic terms , as his writings seem to eschew any narrational impulse .
degrés ( 1960 ) is in fact the last of butor 's works to be labelled a novel ; the [rest] of his output is difficult to classify in generic terms , as his writings seem to eschew any narrational impulse .

We will then be in a position to pay you the remainder of the fees owing .
we will then be in a position to pay you the [rest] of the fees owing .

The Australian singer 's manager , Mr Ray East , said Donovan would accept payment of the remainder over 18 months in a gesture aimed at ensuring that the magazine did not go out of business .
the australian singer 's manager , mr ray east , said donovan would accept payment of the [rest] over 18 months in a gesture aimed at ensuring that the magazine did not go out of business .

His chief officers formed a board which had a very considerable measure of authority to determine its own ways ( witness , for example , the Western Region 's adventure with diesel-hydraulic locomotives when the remainder of British Railways was following the diesel-electric path , or the Eastern Region 's policy of civil engineering for speed ) .
his chief officers formed a board which had a very considerable measure of authority to determine its own ways ( witness , for example , the western region 's adventure with diesel-hydraulic locomotives when the [rest] of british railways was following the diesel-electric path , or the eastern region 's policy of civil engineering for speed ) .

Almost half of the serviceable BR-owned wagon fleet in 1989 comprised ‘ merry-go-round ’ coal hoppers , with the remainder consisting largely of steel carriers , some vans and opens for general merchandise traffic , and — rather surprisingly and after much argument with the industry — the fleet of china clay carriers built to replace the venerable ‘ clay hoods ’ in 1988 .
almost half of the serviceable br-owned wagon fleet in 1989 comprised ‘ merry-go-round ’ coal hoppers , with the [rest] consisting largely of steel carriers , some vans and opens for general merchandise traffic , and — rather surprisingly and after much argument with the industry — the fleet of china clay carriers built to replace the venerable ‘ clay hoods ’ in 1988 .

Nearly 95 per cent of its one-for-four rights issue was taken up , with Panmure Gordon placing the remainder at 140p .
nearly 95 per cent of its one-for-four rights issue was taken up , with panmure gordon placing the [rest] at 140p .

The remainder of the pitch gave brilliant , bold climbing up spaced but adequate pockets to yet another hanging belay .
the [rest] of the pitch gave brilliant , bold climbing up spaced but adequate pockets to yet another hanging belay .

They demanded attention , more photography , and the remainder of the party drew further away .
they demanded attention , more photography , and the [rest] of the party drew further away .

Tony Gordon 's Kiwis , who will now find it difficult to go through the remainder of their tour undefeated , are not as tight and efficient a force as Graham Lowe 's team of four years ago , but with a virtual Test side out , should have been far too strong for Murphy 's collection of reserves .
tony gordon 's kiwis , who will now find it difficult to go through the [rest] of their tour undefeated , are not as tight and efficient a force as graham lowe 's team of four years ago , but with a virtual test side out , should have been far too strong for murphy 's collection of reserves .

For the remainder of the week General Yazov will visit army , navy , air force and marine bases in California , Arizona and North Carolina .
for the [rest] of the week general yazov will visit army , navy , air force and marine bases in california , arizona and north carolina .

Bob Logist had the first and the last round drawn and the remainder for Leonard , while Joe Cortez gave the fourth , fifth , ninth and 10th rounds to Duran to produce the narrowest margin , 116-111 .
bob logist had the first and the last round drawn and the [rest] for leonard , while joe cortez gave the fourth , fifth , ninth and 10th rounds to duran to produce the narrowest margin , 116-111 .

At the time , part of the mill was demolished to make way for a new road , some of the remainder being converted to shops .
at the time , part of the mill was demolished to make way for a new road , some of the [rest] being converted to shops .

This is the oldest remaining part and , unlike much of ' the remainder of the site , is still full of character .
this is the oldest remaining part and , unlike much of ' the [rest] of the site , is still full of character .

The turbine and the remainder of the mill 's machinery were removed , after which it was relegated to storage and housing pigs !
the turbine and the [rest] of the mill 's machinery were removed , after which it was relegated to storage and housing pigs !

Further evidence of rebuilding is inside , as the rear wall is of the timber framed brick infilled variety , clearly much older than the remainder of the mill , which mainly dates from the 19th century .
further evidence of rebuilding is inside , as the rear wall is of the timber framed brick infilled variety , clearly much older than the [rest] of the mill , which mainly dates from the 19th century .

More recent extensions include office units built along with extra hardstanding , around 1980 , all of this blending in with the character of the remainder of the site .
more recent extensions include office units built along with extra hardstanding , around 1980 , all of this blending in with the character of the [rest] of the site .

Most LEAs are engaging in programmes of governor training , this is often aimed at a limited number of governors on the assumption that this will cascade through to the remainder .
most leas are engaging in programmes of governor training , this is often aimed at a limited number of governors on the assumption that this will cascade through to the [rest] .

Having seen through this , the jury treated the remainder of James 's evidence with scepticism .
having seen through this , the jury treated the [rest] of james 's evidence with scepticism .

He no doubt found this preferable to spending the remainder of his days in the Tower .
he no doubt found this preferable to spending the [rest] of his days in the tower .

The remainder do not , and are therefore Rh negative .
the [rest] do not , and are therefore rh negative .

Can this group remain within a united working class or will it pursue selfish interests , separating itself further from the remainder of the working class ?
can this group remain within a united working class or will it pursue selfish interests , separating itself further from the [rest] of the working class ?

The remainder of the fishing is then offered by the board master to each guest in turn , according to his position on the board , second top , third top , and so on .
the [rest] of the fishing is then offered by the board master to each guest in turn , according to his position on the board , second top , third top , and so on .

Cows , on the other hand , saunter around in large malodorous herds , bumping into the Land-Rover , farting and crapping all over themselves and each other , and turn previously walkable paths into evil , bubbling quagmires that leave the unsuspecting trekker caked in cow dung for the remainder of their day .
cows , on the other hand , saunter around in large malodorous herds , bumping into the land-rover , farting and crapping all over themselves and each other , and turn previously walkable paths into evil , bubbling quagmires that leave the unsuspecting trekker caked in cow dung for the [rest] of their day .

At four and a half months old , young pigs are taken for slaughter to be sold as pork ; at six months old the remainder meet their end as bacon .
at four and a half months old , young pigs are taken for slaughter to be sold as pork ; at six months old the [rest] meet their end as bacon .

There was another pile too , giving reasons why the remainder could not complete the eight week trial .
there was another pile too , giving reasons why the [rest] could not complete the eight week trial .

Hair apparently benefited : of the 120 volunteers a total of 37 stated that the condition of their hair had actually improved whilst almost all the remainder reported no deterioration whatsoever .
hair apparently benefited : of the 120 volunteers a total of 37 stated that the condition of their hair had actually improved whilst almost all the [rest] reported no deterioration whatsoever .

In fact 31 stated the condition of their nails had definitely improved whilst the majority of the remainder reported no change in the condition .
in fact 31 stated the condition of their nails had definitely improved whilst the majority of the [rest] reported no change in the condition .

The remainder of this chapter will review the nature and activities of these neighbourhood groups in an attempt to understand better the nature of the North Side Revitalization Program delivery , to trace out the mechanisms by which social polarisation may be exacerbated rather than alleviated .
the [rest] of this chapter will review the nature and activities of these neighbourhood groups in an attempt to understand better the nature of the north side revitalization program delivery , to trace out the mechanisms by which social polarisation may be exacerbated rather than alleviated .

The English Parliament , somewhat ungratefully , used the restoration of peace to revive all its old objections to a standing army and eventually forced the king to get rid of all but 10,000 of his 30,000 troops , £350,000 a year being voted for the remainder , considered the minimum needed for home defence .
the english parliament , somewhat ungratefully , used the restoration of peace to revive all its old objections to a standing army and eventually forced the king to get rid of all but 10,000 of his 30,000 troops , £350,000 a year being voted for the [rest] , considered the minimum needed for home defence .

The bulk of them he himself led south-east towards Leek and Derby , and beyond that , perhaps , London , while Lord George Murray took the remainder south-west towards Congleton , apparently en route to Chester .
the bulk of them he himself led south-east towards leek and derby , and beyond that , perhaps , london , while lord george murray took the [rest] south-west towards congleton , apparently en route to chester .

The main barracks fell to the rebels on 28 February and the remainder of the buildings on 5 March , after a lucky shot had blown up the magazine .
the main barracks fell to the rebels on 28 february and the [rest] of the buildings on 5 march , after a lucky shot had blown up the magazine .

Part of the army would then advance inland , to Guildford and Dorking , while the remainder marched , via Chichester , to Portsdown Hill , just behind Portsmouth and the main dockyard on Portsea Island .
part of the army would then advance inland , to guildford and dorking , while the [rest] marched , via chichester , to portsdown hill , just behind portsmouth and the main dockyard on portsea island .

The remainder either remained in Australia for vital war work or joined the labour units of the Australian army .
the [rest] either remained in australia for vital war work or joined the labour units of the australian army .

The historical process of the accumulation of capital depends in all its aspects upon the existence of non-capitalist social strata … Imperialism is the political expression of the accumulation of capital in its competition for the possession of the remainder of the non-capitalist world .
the historical process of the accumulation of capital depends in all its aspects upon the existence of non-capitalist social strata … imperialism is the political expression of the accumulation of capital in its competition for the possession of the [rest] of the non-capitalist world .

My objective — and , of course , this was one imposed upon me by my professionalism and by the need to clear the ground of rabbits as thoroughly as possible — was first to dispose of the bolting rabbits and then to continue by digging out as many of the remainder as possible .
my objective — and , of course , this was one imposed upon me by my professionalism and by the need to clear the ground of rabbits as thoroughly as possible — was first to dispose of the bolting rabbits and then to continue by digging out as many of the [rest] as possible .

Eric Jones-Evans began donating material to the Theatre Collection in 1980 and the remainder , including his substantial library , formed just a part of his considerable estate , the bulk of which was bequeathed to the Collection upon his death in 1989 .
eric jones-evans began donating material to the theatre collection in 1980 and the [rest] , including his substantial library , formed just a part of his considerable estate , the bulk of which was bequeathed to the collection upon his death in 1989 .

Do n't do any more than you have to in order to pay interest on remainder of mortgage ( see 3 , above ) ;
do n't do any more than you have to in order to pay interest on [rest] of mortgage ( see 3 , above ) ;

Ideally the research team would have liked a randomised control experimental design whereby half the eligible people would have been allocated to the action group and the remainder to the control group on a random basis .
ideally the research team would have liked a randomised control experimental design whereby half the eligible people would have been allocated to the action group and the [rest] to the control group on a random basis .

In each place nine clients remained as open cases , but only two in Ipswich and three in Newham were receiving support worker help ( the remainder were being regularly monitored ) .
in each place nine clients remained as open cases , but only two in ipswich and three in newham were receiving support worker help ( the [rest] were being regularly monitored ) .

Just under half lived in the same household as the dementia sufferer ( 45 per cent ) ; most of the remainder lived within easy reach : 14 per cent in the same street or only a few minutes ' walk away , 20 per cent within two miles , ten per cent within five miles , and only 11 per cent further than five miles away ( although in Newham 36 per cent of the principal carers lived more than two miles away compared with only 12 per cent in Ipswich ) .
just under half lived in the same household as the dementia sufferer ( 45 per cent ) ; most of the [rest] lived within easy reach : 14 per cent in the same street or only a few minutes ' walk away , 20 per cent within two miles , ten per cent within five miles , and only 11 per cent further than five miles away ( although in newham 36 per cent of the principal carers lived more than two miles away compared with only 12 per cent in ipswich ) .

Twenty-two out of these 29 said they would prefer the sufferer to be in institutional care ; the remainder said they would like increased care at home .
twenty-two out of these 29 said they would prefer the sufferer to be in institutional care ; the [rest] said they would like increased care at home .

The remainder was intended for Bibles , Prayer Books and ‘ … other books of piety ’ , as well as putting one of the most hopeful of poor persons from each school to some trade , calling or honest employment .
the [rest] was intended for bibles , prayer books and ‘ … other books of piety ’ , as well as putting one of the most hopeful of poor persons from each school to some trade , calling or honest employment .

Figures are hard to come by , but the recent report Trends in public library selection policies notes that 12 out of the 32 libraries surveyed kept ‘ some ’ information about allocations for stock revision ( suggesting that the remainder did not have any formal programmes of revision ) .
figures are hard to come by , but the recent report trends in public library selection policies notes that 12 out of the 32 libraries surveyed kept ‘ some ’ information about allocations for stock revision ( suggesting that the [rest] did not have any formal programmes of revision ) .

The remainder are bound to be increasingly affected by the absence from the shelves of a considerable number of titles .
the [rest] are bound to be increasingly affected by the absence from the shelves of a considerable number of titles .

656,000 hectares , 26 % of the land area , is forested in the Auvergne , half of it deciduous , the remainder planted conifer .
656,000 hectares , 26 % of the land area , is forested in the auvergne , half of it deciduous , the [rest] planted conifer .

There were fifteen saloons , known as Box-cars , and the remainder were crossbench open-sided cars of varied designs , including three which had been trailers .
there were fifteen saloons , known as box-cars , and the [rest] were crossbench open-sided cars of varied designs , including three which had been trailers .

However their numbers have been halved over the years , as depot space has contracted : four were broken up in 1963 and the remainder numbered 600–607 .
however their numbers have been halved over the years , as depot space has contracted : four were broken up in 1963 and the [rest] numbered 600–607 .

They were used initially on the new ten-minute Squires Gate and Fleetwood service which required ten cars , and the remainder used as Fleetwood specials .
they were used initially on the new ten-minute squires gate and fleetwood service which required ten cars , and the [rest] used as fleetwood specials .

If your employer agrees to your early departure , you will still be regarded as dismissed in law if the agreement is simply , in effect , to bring forward your dismissal date or if it is agreed that you need not actually work during the remainder of your notice period .
if your employer agrees to your early departure , you will still be regarded as dismissed in law if the agreement is simply , in effect , to bring forward your dismissal date or if it is agreed that you need not actually work during the [rest] of your notice period .

Four of these wells have been in the foreland , the remainder in the overlying thrust sheets , generally within about 50 km of the Appalachian Front .
four of these wells have been in the foreland , the [rest] in the overlying thrust sheets , generally within about 50 km of the appalachian front .

The remainder of the functional description was concerned with elaborating on the ideas expressed by the conceptual model , explaining how they would be implemented in practice .
the [rest] of the functional description was concerned with elaborating on the ideas expressed by the conceptual model , explaining how they would be implemented in practice .

This is the character of the remainder of the examples cited .
this is the character of the [rest] of the examples cited .

The remainder of the weekend was equally unproductive .
the [rest] of the weekend was equally unproductive .

Half of them live at Stantonbury , 437 between two and three miles distant , the remainder three to six miles away , mostly on farms and in villages with relatives or connections , and they would not come to live at Wolverton even if cottages were provided for them .
half of them live at stantonbury , 437 between two and three miles distant , the [rest] three to six miles away , mostly on farms and in villages with relatives or connections , and they would not come to live at wolverton even if cottages were provided for them .

He was an astute purchase , for he came to us as a proven goalscorer and immediately lived up to his reputation by netting upon his debut against Millwall here at Selhurst Park ( 5–0 ) and going on to hit 19 League goals from 27 outings for us in the remainder of that season .
he was an astute purchase , for he came to us as a proven goalscorer and immediately lived up to his reputation by netting upon his debut against millwall here at selhurst park ( 5–0 ) and going on to hit 19 league goals from 27 outings for us in the [rest] of that season .

The Map Library and remainder of the Science Library are housed at the east end of the College .
the map library and [rest] of the science library are housed at the east end of the college .

At the same meeting at which the Vial memorandum was read , on 6 September 1791 , a letter to the secretary from Messrs Kirkman and Hendy ( who were present ) was produced : ‘ Sir , In consequence of your Advertisement we beg leave to inform you , that we have contracted with Lord Camden for about 100 acres of building land , near [ Old ] St Pancras Church , abutting on the Turnpike Road leading to Kentish Town , which is intended to be called Camden Town conceiving the situation eligible for your truly valuable Institution we request you will lay this our proposal before the Society — We hold this Land under his Lordship for 99 years from Michaelmas last , the three first subject to no Ground Rent , our proposal is , that Lord Camden does and he will under our direction grant the Society a lease for 99 years from that time , the three first subject to no rent but for the remainder of the term an Annual Rent of thirty pounds per acre , should this proposal meet with approbation , the Society have only to direct their Surveyor to make out any quantity of land and in what position they conceive will best answer their purpose ’ .
at the same meeting at which the vial memorandum was read , on 6 september 1791 , a letter to the secretary from messrs kirkman and hendy ( who were present ) was produced : ‘ sir , in consequence of your advertisement we beg leave to inform you , that we have contracted with lord camden for about 100 acres of building land , near [ old ] st pancras church , abutting on the turnpike road leading to kentish town , which is intended to be called camden town conceiving the situation eligible for your truly valuable institution we request you will lay this our proposal before the society — we hold this land under his lordship for 99 years from michaelmas last , the three first subject to no ground rent , our proposal is , that lord camden does and he will under our direction grant the society a lease for 99 years from that time , the three first subject to no rent but for the [rest] of the term an annual rent of thirty pounds per acre , should this proposal meet with approbation , the society have only to direct their surveyor to make out any quantity of land and in what position they conceive will best answer their purpose ’ .

The remainder each had ten sentences with a line underneath where a continuation was to be written .
the [rest] each had ten sentences with a line underneath where a continuation was to be written .

Fortunately guilt is a preventable feeling but it is vital to read the section on Preventing unwanted feelings ( on page 138 ) before reading the remainder of this section because what follows assumes you have understood the two options involved .
fortunately guilt is a preventable feeling but it is vital to read the section on preventing unwanted feelings ( on page 138 ) before reading the [rest] of this section because what follows assumes you have understood the two options involved .

Fortunately inadequacy is a preventable feeling but it is vital to read the section on Preventing unwanted feelings ( on page 138 ) before reading the remainder of this section because what follows assumes you have understood the two options involved .
fortunately inadequacy is a preventable feeling but it is vital to read the section on preventing unwanted feelings ( on page 138 ) before reading the [rest] of this section because what follows assumes you have understood the two options involved .

Fortunately inhibition is a preventable feeling but it is vital to read the section on Preventing unwanted feelings ( on page 138 ) before reading the remainder of this section because what follows assumes you have understood the two options involved .
fortunately inhibition is a preventable feeling but it is vital to read the section on preventing unwanted feelings ( on page 138 ) before reading the [rest] of this section because what follows assumes you have understood the two options involved .

Fortunately jealousy is a preventable feeling but it is vital to read the section on Preventing unwanted feelings ( on page 138 ) before reading the remainder of this section because what follows assumes you have understood the two options involved .
fortunately jealousy is a preventable feeling but it is vital to read the section on preventing unwanted feelings ( on page 138 ) before reading the [rest] of this section because what follows assumes you have understood the two options involved .

Fortunately worry is a preventable feeling but it is vital to read the section on Preventing unwanted feelings ( on page 138 ) before reading the remainder of this section because what follows assumes you have understood the two options involved .
fortunately worry is a preventable feeling but it is vital to read the section on preventing unwanted feelings ( on page 138 ) before reading the [rest] of this section because what follows assumes you have understood the two options involved .

Delaney took out the remainder of his plastic explosives .
delaney took out the [rest] of his plastic explosives .

The remainder seem able to lie on one side or the other .
the [rest] seem able to lie on one side or the other .

The remainder is largely nitrogen , with some carbon dioxide .
the [rest] is largely nitrogen , with some carbon dioxide .

The remainder comes mostly from the countries around the Mediterranean , but what the original almond growers lack in quantity they apparently make up for in quality .
the [rest] comes mostly from the countries around the mediterranean , but what the original almond growers lack in quantity they apparently make up for in quality .

In 1920 , Howarth moved to what is now the University of Newcastle upon Tyne and then , in 1925 , to the University of Birmingham , where he spent the remainder of his career .
in 1920 , howarth moved to what is now the university of newcastle upon tyne and then , in 1925 , to the university of birmingham , where he spent the [rest] of his career .

The remainder seem to be there as bystanders , sharing only the characteristic that they are in an activated form .
the [rest] seem to be there as bystanders , sharing only the characteristic that they are in an activated form .

The first 20 live closest to the hospital that is to do the transplant , the next 20 are somewhat further afield and the remainder are scattered all over the country .
the first 20 live closest to the hospital that is to do the transplant , the next 20 are somewhat further afield and the [rest] are scattered all over the country .

In fact , Albany and Schwartz tell us , the Davy lamp enabled the managers of the mines to extend operations into seams with dangerous atmospheres , so when accidents did occur , the chances of being killed were far higher , This example sets the tone of the remainder of the book , which discusses more topical issues in science and how they are manipulated to serve one vested interest or another .
in fact , albany and schwartz tell us , the davy lamp enabled the managers of the mines to extend operations into seams with dangerous atmospheres , so when accidents did occur , the chances of being killed were far higher , this example sets the tone of the [rest] of the book , which discusses more topical issues in science and how they are manipulated to serve one vested interest or another .

It was found that while the annual revenue was about $ 400,000 , there was only about $ 1,000 in the account ; John Piper had received $ 20,000 as his percentage and $ 8,000 as his salary , and the remainder had been frittered away by lax and costly administration .
it was found that while the annual revenue was about $ 400,000 , there was only about $ 1,000 in the account ; john piper had received $ 20,000 as his percentage and $ 8,000 as his salary , and the [rest] had been frittered away by lax and costly administration .

William Dunlop disposed of most of his horses in 1917 and the remainder in 1920 .
william dunlop disposed of most of his horses in 1917 and the [rest] in 1920 .

In 1678 , after more than 5 years ' detention on the barren rock , he was tried in Edinburgh and , with 60 other Covenanters , was sentenced to be banished to Virginia for the remainder of his life .
in 1678 , after more than 5 years ' detention on the barren rock , he was tried in edinburgh and , with 60 other covenanters , was sentenced to be banished to virginia for the [rest] of his life .

Out came the remainder of the hambone , the cheese , the loaf , an unopened bottle of wine , then the blond man paused with his hand in the sack as though he were holding something .
out came the [rest] of the hambone , the cheese , the loaf , an unopened bottle of wine , then the blond man paused with his hand in the sack as though he were holding something .

Sir James ordered one of his retinue to stay and stable the horses while he and Corbett , accompanied by the remainder of his party , made their way carefully up the gangplank and into the busy ship .
sir james ordered one of his retinue to stay and stable the horses while he and corbett , accompanied by the [rest] of his party , made their way carefully up the gangplank and into the busy ship .

First , only a quarter of its corporate members enter by way of the profession 's own examination system , the remainder qualifying through external degree or diploma courses .
first , only a quarter of its corporate members enter by way of the profession 's own examination system , the [rest] qualifying through external degree or diploma courses .

He had helped the police recover all but £388 worth of the items , and had no idea where the remainder had gone .
he had helped the police recover all but £388 worth of the items , and had no idea where the [rest] had gone .

Buoyed by this , the 'Mere forwards rallied and for most of the remainder of the half they at least managed to hold their own ball in the scrum .
buoyed by this , the 'mere forwards rallied and for most of the [rest] of the half they at least managed to hold their own ball in the scrum .

For the remainder of the journey she fiddled with her clothes , trying to make sure she would look respectable when she arrived home and arranging the neck of her blouse to cover her throat where she was sure she must have another love bite .
for the [rest] of the journey she fiddled with her clothes , trying to make sure she would look respectable when she arrived home and arranging the neck of her blouse to cover her throat where she was sure she must have another love bite .

The remainder of the day was spent exploring the coastline , watching the continuing onslaught of enormous waves crashing against the headland and the ominously changing moods of the sky as squalls of varying shades of grey swept in across the sea .
the [rest] of the day was spent exploring the coastline , watching the continuing onslaught of enormous waves crashing against the headland and the ominously changing moods of the sky as squalls of varying shades of grey swept in across the sea .

For my father would keep the best for himself , to train and breed , and sell or give away the remainder .
for my father would keep the best for himself , to train and breed , and sell or give away the [rest] .

The returning sonar thus passes virtually unimpeded through the ‘ auditory window ’ , the delicate layer of tissue covering a thin lower mandible , travelling thence along the jaw until it reaches the auditory bulla , an auditory sense receptor lying close to the point of articulation of the lower jaw with the remainder of the skull .
the returning sonar thus passes virtually unimpeded through the ‘ auditory window ’ , the delicate layer of tissue covering a thin lower mandible , travelling thence along the jaw until it reaches the auditory bulla , an auditory sense receptor lying close to the point of articulation of the lower jaw with the [rest] of the skull .

The remainder features more Fauré and Debussy , Satie ( yes , the First and Third Gymnopédies ! )
the [rest] features more fauré and debussy , satie ( yes , the first and third gymnopédies ! )

If you live in a flat , and this is impossible , throw away all those that you do not really need , and store the remainder in large biscuit tins or other airtight containers .
if you live in a flat , and this is impossible , throw away all those that you do not really need , and store the [rest] in large biscuit tins or other airtight containers .

The remainder of the book is concerned with the application of a variety of chemical and physical methods of value in structural investigations of sulphur compounds .
the [rest] of the book is concerned with the application of a variety of chemical and physical methods of value in structural investigations of sulphur compounds .

’ The canny ones would simply have their hair set and buy a good meal with the remainder .
’ the canny ones would simply have their hair set and buy a good meal with the [rest] .

If you are returning to work after child or relative care , try to ensure that you can earn enough in the remainder of that tax year to take you above the lower earnings limit .
if you are returning to work after child or relative care , try to ensure that you can earn enough in the [rest] of that tax year to take you above the lower earnings limit .

It has been estimated that 65 per cent of the deals are spot and the remainder are forward deals .
it has been estimated that 65 per cent of the deals are spot and the [rest] are forward deals .

The remainder .
the [rest] .

The remainder of these unfortunates were already contributing to family incomes as labourers , shop boys , glovers , house-servants , rag collectors and so on .
the [rest] of these unfortunates were already contributing to family incomes as labourers , shop boys , glovers , house-servants , rag collectors and so on .

For the remainder of that summer churches were filled to overflowing and numerous conversions took place .
for the [rest] of that summer churches were filled to overflowing and numerous conversions took place .

Half of these mothers said they smacked only in anger ; the remainder used smacking deliberately as a disciplinary technique .
half of these mothers said they smacked only in anger ; the [rest] used smacking deliberately as a disciplinary technique .

Of these 57 authorities , 32 had been Partnership or Programme councils , and the remainder had a lower status either as Other Designated Districts or benefited from the traditional Urban Programme from which very many councils had gained some , often limited resources .
of these 57 authorities , 32 had been partnership or programme councils , and the [rest] had a lower status either as other designated districts or benefited from the traditional urban programme from which very many councils had gained some , often limited resources .

Approximately 40 per cent of plantation forest is in the developed world , a further 50 per cent is in the Communist Bloc especially in China ( section 7.2.1 ) while the remainder is in the developing world , though the rate of planting is not sufficient to compensate for the rates of deforestation .
approximately 40 per cent of plantation forest is in the developed world , a further 50 per cent is in the communist bloc especially in china ( section 7.2.1 ) while the [rest] is in the developing world , though the rate of planting is not sufficient to compensate for the rates of deforestation .

To bring a level of order and modesty to Fleck 's life Norwich took the unprecedented step of paying him an allowance of only £29 per week and preserving the remainder of his salary to pay off the debts .
to bring a level of order and modesty to fleck 's life norwich took the unprecedented step of paying him an allowance of only £29 per week and preserving the [rest] of his salary to pay off the debts .

At this Pennethorne was instructed to take steps to purchase the remainder of the property authorized under the 1855 Act as soon as possible .
at this pennethorne was instructed to take steps to purchase the [rest] of the property authorized under the 1855 act as soon as possible .

They had not confined their work to the schemes the judges selected , but looked at the remainder of the exhibition , and added eight of their own choice .
they had not confined their work to the schemes the judges selected , but looked at the [rest] of the exhibition , and added eight of their own choice .

Considerable discussion then took place over the remainder of the report , resulting in three divisions and the wording suggested by Elcho being adopted in every case .
considerable discussion then took place over the [rest] of the report , resulting in three divisions and the wording suggested by elcho being adopted in every case .

The remainder of the chapter deals with some circumstances in which nurses are directly involved with assisting patients who have problems in maintaining a safe environment .
the [rest] of the chapter deals with some circumstances in which nurses are directly involved with assisting patients who have problems in maintaining a safe environment .

Against the background of the general discussion in the first part of this chapter , the remainder of this section highlights some types of patients ' problems related to communicating and the relevant nursing activities .
against the background of the general discussion in the first part of this chapter , the [rest] of this section highlights some types of patients ' problems related to communicating and the relevant nursing activities .

They work out how much money to feed back to pay for the inputs for the next year , and the remainder is profit .
they work out how much money to feed back to pay for the inputs for the next year , and the [rest] is profit .

Next , the manufacturer must determine what percentage of its total capacity should be allocated to the quick line ( we call this percentage the quick-line capacity ratio ) , with the remainder allocated to the regular line .
next , the manufacturer must determine what percentage of its total capacity should be allocated to the quick line ( we call this percentage the quick-line capacity ratio ) , with the [rest] allocated to the regular line .

Most of the remainder of this book is devoted to examining the unexpected unfoldings of this tentative definition of autonomous agents and , perhaps , life .
most of the [rest] of this book is devoted to examining the unexpected unfoldings of this tentative definition of autonomous agents and , perhaps , life .

The remainder of this chapter discusses ideas and a research program that just might point in this direction .
the [rest] of this chapter discusses ideas and a research program that just might point in this direction .

The remainder she returned to the native Paiutes .
the [rest] she returned to the native paiutes .

Just four years later , cholera claimed the lives of up to 7,000 Madeirans , and in 1873 the dreaded disease phylloxera destroyed the remainder of the vineyards .
just four years later , cholera claimed the lives of up to 7,000 madeirans , and in 1873 the dreaded disease phylloxera destroyed the [rest] of the vineyards .

Around The Island Away from Georgetown ’ s hectic , bustling streets and midday heat , there is the chance to explore the remainder of the island .
around the island away from georgetown ’ s hectic , bustling streets and midday heat , there is the chance to explore the [rest] of the island .

The stone window was rebuilt , but the remainder of the church was left levelled as a poignant reminder of events .
the stone window was rebuilt , but the [rest] of the church was left levelled as a poignant reminder of events .

The suicidal mission became an important rallying cry for Poles during the remainder of the 19th century .
the suicidal mission became an important rallying cry for poles during the [rest] of the 19th century .

German submarines aggravated the supply problem and threatened ships stopping in the islands to refuel for the remainder of the Atlantic crossing .
german submarines aggravated the supply problem and threatened ships stopping in the islands to refuel for the [rest] of the atlantic crossing .

The remainder comes from filing fees , interest on Lawyer 's Trust Accounts , contributions from attorneys , foundation grants and corporate support .
the [rest] comes from filing fees , interest on lawyer 's trust accounts , contributions from attorneys , foundation grants and corporate support .

It is estimated that direct medical costs constitute only 15 % of total costs related to substance abuse , with the remainder being related to problems such as property damage , crime , absenteeism , and unemployment .
it is estimated that direct medical costs constitute only 15 % of total costs related to substance abuse , with the [rest] being related to problems such as property damage , crime , absenteeism , and unemployment .

The remainder of the guide describes 16 practices , organized under five management principles , that GAO identified during a study of nonfederal organizations with reputations for having good information security programs .
the [rest] of the guide describes 16 practices , organized under five management principles , that gao identified during a study of nonfederal organizations with reputations for having good information security programs .

Social insurance taxes and contributions paid by Federal employees.39 -- Federal employees may be covered by social insurance programs such as Social Security40 and Medicare under the same terms and conditions as the remainder of the covered population .
social insurance taxes and contributions paid by federal employees.39 -- federal employees may be covered by social insurance programs such as social security40 and medicare under the same terms and conditions as the [rest] of the covered population .

The Customs Service retains an amount equal to the estimated cost of collecting these duties , including all costs of operations in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands and an allocation of overhead ; it transfers the remainder to the Treasury , which , in turn , transfers the collections to Puerto Rico or the Virgin Islands .
the customs service retains an amount equal to the estimated cost of collecting these duties , including all costs of operations in puerto rico and the virgin islands and an allocation of overhead ; it transfers the [rest] to the treasury , which , in turn , transfers the collections to puerto rico or the virgin islands .

The remainder of the transaction does not provide a net inflow of resources , so no gain , revenue , or other financing source is recognized .
the [rest] of the transaction does not provide a net inflow of resources , so no gain , revenue , or other financing source is recognized .

The remainder of the guide describes 16 practices , organized under five management principles , that GAO identified during a study of nonfederal organizations with reputations for having good information security programs .
the [rest] of the guide describes 16 practices , organized under five management principles , that gao identified during a study of nonfederal organizations with reputations for having good information security programs .

Seventy percent of the companies had fewer than 1,000 employees , and the remainder had more .
seventy percent of the companies had fewer than 1,000 employees , and the [rest] had more .

The remainder will be used to coordinate content .
the [rest] will be used to coordinate content .

If this group does not show excessive mortality or obvious signs of stress in a few hours , the remainder of the test organisms are transferred to the dilution water .
if this group does not show excessive mortality or obvious signs of stress in a few hours , the [rest] of the test organisms are transferred to the dilution water .

If this group does not show excessive mortality or obvious signs of stress in a few hours , the remainder of the test organisms are transferred to the dilution water .
if this group does not show excessive mortality or obvious signs of stress in a few hours , the [rest] of the test organisms are transferred to the dilution water .

Reference to the MILLI-Q® systems throughout the remainder of the manual includes all MILLIPORE® or equivalent systems .
reference to the milli-q® systems throughout the [rest] of the manual includes all millipore® or equivalent systems .

Reference to the MILLI-Q® systems throughout the remainder of the manual includes all MILLIPORE® or equivalent systems .
reference to the milli-q® systems throughout the [rest] of the manual includes all millipore® or equivalent systems .

If this group does not show excessive mortality or obvious signs of stress in a few hours , the remainder of the test organisms may be transferred to the dilution water .
if this group does not show excessive mortality or obvious signs of stress in a few hours , the [rest] of the test organisms may be transferred to the dilution water .

In the remainder of this section , we discuss the major sources of each of these three categories of uncertainty related to the estimate of avoided health effects , avoided ecological effects , and monetary valuation of these benefits .
in the [rest] of this section , we discuss the major sources of each of these three categories of uncertainty related to the estimate of avoided health effects , avoided ecological effects , and monetary valuation of these benefits .

The United States Census Bureau ( 1990 data ) reports that slightly under 25 percent of the 250 million people living in the United States live in rural areas.4 The remainder live in urban locations.5,6,7 In 1991 , the United States postal system provided service to 102 million delivery points .
the united states census bureau ( 1990 data ) reports that slightly under 25 percent of the 250 million people living in the united states live in rural areas.4 the [rest] live in urban locations.5,6,7 in 1991 , the united states postal system provided service to 102 million delivery points .

U.S. delivery data are from the City Carrier Cost System and the Rural National Mail Count System.21 City carriers make up 72 percent of the routes and rural carriers make up the remainder .
u.s. delivery data are from the city carrier cost system and the rural national mail count system.21 city carriers make up 72 percent of the routes and rural carriers make up the [rest] .

During the first 14 and final four high volume weeks of the postal fiscal year , 200 households are surveyed per week ; for the remainder of the year , 50 households are surveyed weekly .
during the first 14 and final four high volume weeks of the postal fiscal year , 200 households are surveyed per week ; for the [rest] of the year , 50 households are surveyed weekly .

Soon after the Cole attack and for the remainder of the Clinton administration , analysts stopped distributing written reports about who was responsible .
soon after the cole attack and for the [rest] of the clinton administration , analysts stopped distributing written reports about who was responsible .

The remainder of the book explores the implications of niche-construction thinking for evolutionary biology , ecology , and the human sciences , and in our view is the most successful part .
the [rest] of the book explores the implications of niche-construction thinking for evolutionary biology , ecology , and the human sciences , and in our view is the most successful part .

For participants studied after 1998 , data from questionnaires administered at the overnight study were used ( 58 % ) ; for the remainder of the sample , data from the mailed survey closest in time to the overnight study were used .
for participants studied after 1998 , data from questionnaires administered at the overnight study were used ( 58 % ) ; for the [rest] of the sample , data from the mailed survey closest in time to the overnight study were used .

The remainder ( > 1 % ) is attributed to avoparcin .
the [rest] ( > 1 % ) is attributed to avoparcin .

The remainder of his examination is unchanged .
the [rest] of his examination is unchanged .

The remainder of his examination is unchanged , including normal fundoscopy .
the [rest] of his examination is unchanged , including normal fundoscopy .

Consequently , significant increases in state financial support for higher education is extremely unlikely during the remainder of this decade .
consequently , significant increases in state financial support for higher education is extremely unlikely during the [rest] of this decade .

Moreover , significant increases in state financial support for public higher education are extremely unlikely during the remainder of this decade .
moreover , significant increases in state financial support for public higher education are extremely unlikely during the [rest] of this decade .

Judge Sam Rosen of Nashville , Indiana ( Harvard , J.D. , 1933 ) established a charitable remainder annuity trust in honor of his longtime friend and colleague , Cleon H. Foust .
judge sam rosen of nashville , indiana ( harvard , j.d. , 1933 ) established a charitable [rest] annuity trust in honor of his longtime friend and colleague , cleon h. foust .

Our goal for the remainder of this year is to raise $ 100.000.00 to meet the 2000 operating budget .
our goal for the [rest] of this year is to raise $ 100.000.00 to meet the 2000 operating budget .

Our goal for the remainder of this year is to raise $ 100,000.00 .
our goal for the [rest] of this year is to raise $ 100,000.00 .

State financial support is unlikely to increase significantly during the remainder of this decade .
state financial support is unlikely to increase significantly during the [rest] of this decade .

It is the opposite : to the extent that these terms apply here , 'subsistence ' and 'economic exchange ' are the residue of symbolic exchange , a remainder . '
it is the opposite : to the extent that these terms apply here , 'subsistence ' and 'economic exchange ' are the residue of symbolic exchange , a [rest] . '

Drain and toss with the remainder of the peanut paste .
drain and toss with the [rest] of the peanut paste .

In 1946 , William Fielding Ogburn , the leading sociologist of social change , wrote a sober book , The Social Effects of Aviation , in which he sought to trace out the possible impact of airplanes for the remainder of the century .
in 1946 , william fielding ogburn , the leading sociologist of social change , wrote a sober book , the social effects of aviation , in which he sought to trace out the possible impact of airplanes for the [rest] of the century .

Ballard on which the film is based was pulped in toto , its second publisher announced it and then balked , and the house that finally undertook it seems to have dispatched most of the run directly to the remainder tables ( I bought my copy not long after publication for 79 cents ) .
ballard on which the film is based was pulped in toto , its second publisher announced it and then balked , and the house that finally undertook it seems to have dispatched most of the run directly to the [rest] tables ( i bought my copy not long after publication for 79 cents ) .

For now , people seem willing to allow Bartoli to perform repertoire that would otherwise seem destined for the remainder bin .
for now , people seem willing to allow bartoli to perform repertoire that would otherwise seem destined for the [rest] bin .

When the police ask her to move , she stands and moves her chair to a spot between the two sections -- where she plants her chair every day for the remainder of the conference .
when the police ask her to move , she stands and moves her chair to a spot between the two sections -- where she plants her chair every day for the [rest] of the conference .

The `` Bubble Economy '' thread began with a discussion of IQ and merit , which set the tone for the remainder of the week .
the `` bubble economy '' thread began with a discussion of iq and merit , which set the tone for the [rest] of the week .

A solution must simultaneously 1 ) minimize carnage to the presidency and the country ; 2 ) be vindictive enough to sate the GOP ; 3 ) be soft enough to pass the Democrats ; and 4 ) allow us to put the scandal aside ( or mostly aside ) for the remainder of his term .
a solution must simultaneously 1 ) minimize carnage to the presidency and the country ; 2 ) be vindictive enough to sate the gop ; 3 ) be soft enough to pass the democrats ; and 4 ) allow us to put the scandal aside ( or mostly aside ) for the [rest] of his term .

After the first half-hour , in which the students interview Burkittsville residents about the history of the Blair Witch ( one Elly Kedward , found guilty of sorcery in 1785 and lashed to a tree during a harsh winter ) , the remainder of the movie is their increasingly desperate odyssey through the woods .
after the first half-hour , in which the students interview burkittsville residents about the history of the blair witch ( one elly kedward , found guilty of sorcery in 1785 and lashed to a tree during a harsh winter ) , the [rest] of the movie is their increasingly desperate odyssey through the woods .

Here 's a playback of their takes on the straw poll results and a look ahead at their playbook of messages for the remainder of the race .
here 's a playback of their takes on the straw poll results and a look ahead at their playbook of messages for the [rest] of the race .

The remainder of the document is cast in the first rather than the second person .
the [rest] of the document is cast in the first rather than the second person .

Compare the eeriest passages of The Tin Drum with Daniel Jonah Goldhagen 's descriptions of the wintry death marches by means of which the Nazis killed off most of the remainder of their concentration-camp prisoners at the end of the war -- exercises in pure surrealism , with skeletons moving slowly through a well-fed German countryside -- and suddenly even Grass ' fertile imagination seems impoverished .
compare the eeriest passages of the tin drum with daniel jonah goldhagen 's descriptions of the wintry death marches by means of which the nazis killed off most of the [rest] of their concentration-camp prisoners at the end of the war -- exercises in pure surrealism , with skeletons moving slowly through a well-fed german countryside -- and suddenly even grass ' fertile imagination seems impoverished .

So are many of those books that go straight to the remainder pile .
so are many of those books that go straight to the [rest] pile .

Beltway Gossip Dump : Washington politicos think the death of Rhode Island Senator John Chafee means that : a ) as has been reported , the Republican governor of Rhode Island will appoint Chafee 's son , Lincoln -- who was already running for the Senate seat from which his father was retiring -- to serve the remainder of his father 's term ; b ) as only kausfiles will tell you , Rep. Robert Weygand , a Rhode Island Democrat , will decide to stand for reelection to the House rather than run against Lincoln Chafee for the Senate , since the younger Chafee will be much tougher to beat as an incumbent , even an appointed one ; c ) with Weygand staying put , the Democrats will have to worry about only four open House seats in November 2000 , while the Republican open seat total ( counting resignations expected in the next month ) will soon go up to about 20 ; d ) but Chafee 's Rhode Island Senate seat , which Democrats thought they might capture , is now in the probable-Republican column .
beltway gossip dump : washington politicos think the death of rhode island senator john chafee means that : a ) as has been reported , the republican governor of rhode island will appoint chafee 's son , lincoln -- who was already running for the senate seat from which his father was retiring -- to serve the [rest] of his father 's term ; b ) as only kausfiles will tell you , rep. robert weygand , a rhode island democrat , will decide to stand for reelection to the house rather than run against lincoln chafee for the senate , since the younger chafee will be much tougher to beat as an incumbent , even an appointed one ; c ) with weygand staying put , the democrats will have to worry about only four open house seats in november 2000 , while the republican open seat total ( counting resignations expected in the next month ) will soon go up to about 20 ; d ) but chafee 's rhode island senate seat , which democrats thought they might capture , is now in the probable-republican column .

This story will be around for the remainder of the Clinton presidency , claims Shields .
this story will be around for the [rest] of the clinton presidency , claims shields .

Brilliant as they are at avoiding anything that smacks of principle , the Blairites now have a second chamber with almost a hundred `` chosen '' hereditary peers , and the remainder a bunch of party appointees .
brilliant as they are at avoiding anything that smacks of principle , the blairites now have a second chamber with almost a hundred `` chosen '' hereditary peers , and the [rest] a bunch of party appointees .

In the happy months before Pokémon dolls are chucked into the Toys `` R '' Us remainder bins with Trolls , Pogs , and Ninja Turtles , let us pause to reflect on the lesson of the Pokémon billions : This money could have been yours .
in the happy months before pokémon dolls are chucked into the toys `` r '' us [rest] bins with trolls , pogs , and ninja turtles , let us pause to reflect on the lesson of the pokémon billions : this money could have been yours .

That new information is now reflected in the remainder of the piece . )
that new information is now reflected in the [rest] of the piece . )

On that timetable was a plan for Israel to leave Gaza City and Jericho ( the cities with the largest Palestinian populations ) , then other major population centers , then the remainder of the two territories .
on that timetable was a plan for israel to leave gaza city and jericho ( the cities with the largest palestinian populations ) , then other major population centers , then the [rest] of the two territories .

The bondsman 's fee is usually 10 percent of the bail , with defendants putting up collateral for the remainder .
the bondsman 's fee is usually 10 percent of the bail , with defendants putting up collateral for the [rest] .

Sprewell 's team , Golden State , canceled the remainder of his four-year , $ 32-million contract , and Converse terminated his shoe-endorsement deal .
sprewell 's team , golden state , canceled the [rest] of his four-year , $ 32-million contract , and converse terminated his shoe-endorsement deal .

After the release of Nefertiti , Davis began experimenting with the electric instruments that would consume the remainder of his career -- to the horror of many in the jazz community .
after the release of nefertiti , davis began experimenting with the electric instruments that would consume the [rest] of his career -- to the horror of many in the jazz community .

Mr. Nields asked , “ ... what did the President know about the diversion of the proceeds of the Iranian arms sale to the Contras ? ” North responded , “ I never personally discussed the use of the residuals or profits from the sale ... . ” This was one of the few times Col. North used profit , choosing to stay with the more charming residuals , as used here , meaning ` remainder . '
mr. nields asked , “ ... what did the president know about the diversion of the proceeds of the iranian arms sale to the contras ? ” north responded , “ i never personally discussed the use of the residuals or profits from the sale ... . ” this was one of the few times col. north used profit , choosing to stay with the more charming residuals , as used here , meaning ` [rest] . '

The remainder of Chapter 1 is mainly a catalogue of misinterpretations , aberrations , and plain errors regarding the use of man as a generic .
the [rest] of chapter 1 is mainly a catalogue of misinterpretations , aberrations , and plain errors regarding the use of man as a generic .

For the most part , despite the occasional campaigning for linguistic liberalism ( aimed , obviously , at 20th- and , presumably , 21st-century readers ) , what emerges is an engaging picture of concerned speakers of English , some of them pedants trying to establish ( or preserve ) some purity in the language , the remainder readers of the works published by the former in the shape of grammars , usage guides , pronunciation guides , spellers , etc .
for the most part , despite the occasional campaigning for linguistic liberalism ( aimed , obviously , at 20th- and , presumably , 21st-century readers ) , what emerges is an engaging picture of concerned speakers of english , some of them pedants trying to establish ( or preserve ) some purity in the language , the [rest] readers of the works published by the former in the shape of grammars , usage guides , pronunciation guides , spellers , etc .

To find the day of the week on which that date fell , first divide 1947 by 4 : the answer is 486 ( with a remainder of 3 , which should be ignored ) ; add this number : 1947 + 486 = 2433 .
to find the day of the week on which that date fell , first divide 1947 by 4 : the answer is 486 ( with a [rest] of 3 , which should be ignored ) ; add this number : 1947 + 486 = 2433 .

Divide this number by 7 : 2450 ÷ 7 = 350 with 0 remainder .
divide this number by 7 : 2450 ÷ 7 = 350 with 0 [rest] .

Generally appearing as the final whereas is the most fatuous and utterly redundant one of all : “ WHEREAS the parties have orally agreed to the terms of such sale and desire to reduce their agreement to writing , Therefore ... ’ The lawyer is also habituated to doublets and triplets like fit and proper ; force and effect ; give , bequeath and devise ; null and void , and rest , residue , and remainder .
generally appearing as the final whereas is the most fatuous and utterly redundant one of all : “ whereas the parties have orally agreed to the terms of such sale and desire to reduce their agreement to writing , therefore ... ’ the lawyer is also habituated to doublets and triplets like fit and proper ; force and effect ; give , bequeath and devise ; null and void , and rest , residue , and [rest] .

