Remediation works best , though , when parents and teachers co-operate , as Polytechnic Lecturer , Rod Smart , reports .
[healing] works best , though , when parents and teachers co-operate , as polytechnic lecturer , rod smart , reports .

The use of the test as a prelude to intervention will depend very much on the extent to which it is regarded as important to direct remediation at the specific linguistic functions which this test addresses .
the use of the test as a prelude to intervention will depend very much on the extent to which it is regarded as important to direct [healing] at the specific linguistic functions which this test addresses .

Quantitative scores may be more appropriate for research purposes , for evaluating the effectiveness of different forms of therapy , for screening large numbers of children , and for identifying whether or not a particular child is experiencing difficulties which warrant further assessment and possibly some form of placement or remediation .
quantitative scores may be more appropriate for research purposes , for evaluating the effectiveness of different forms of therapy , for screening large numbers of children , and for identifying whether or not a particular child is experiencing difficulties which warrant further assessment and possibly some form of placement or [healing] .

Some of the consequences of vision screening will be in the area of correction or remediation as well as in identifying problems with sight and influencing educational placements .
some of the consequences of vision screening will be in the area of correction or [healing] as well as in identifying problems with sight and influencing educational placements .

These are all aspects of learning that have been shown to present difficulties to some visually handicapped children , but which may be amenable to remediation .
these are all aspects of learning that have been shown to present difficulties to some visually handicapped children , but which may be amenable to [healing] .

Breaches of pollution control are more likely to be picked up ; they are more likely to lead to enforcement action , possibly criminal prosecution ; more and more remediation is demanded ; and they are more likely to have an impact on a company 's image — and hence exact a heavier toll on company profits .
breaches of pollution control are more likely to be picked up ; they are more likely to lead to enforcement action , possibly criminal prosecution ; more and more [healing] is demanded ; and they are more likely to have an impact on a company 's image — and hence exact a heavier toll on company profits .

Contaminated soils can be cleaned by plants that take up metals as nutrients , a process known as green remediation , according to scientists from the Institute of Arable Crops Research .
contaminated soils can be cleaned by plants that take up metals as nutrients , a process known as green [healing] , according to scientists from the institute of arable crops research .

This move will enable us to work closely with Slovak authorities and industry in the fields of hazardous waste management , decommissioning , land remediation and reactor safety , as well as energy strategy and efficiency , plant life management and industrial risk management .
this move will enable us to work closely with slovak authorities and industry in the fields of hazardous waste management , decommissioning , land [healing] and reactor safety , as well as energy strategy and efficiency , plant life management and industrial risk management .

contaminated land — site assessment , advice on remediation options , and recommendations for effective reclamation and restoration of all types of contaminated land ;
contaminated land — site assessment , advice on [healing] options , and recommendations for effective reclamation and restoration of all types of contaminated land ;

Investigation and remediation of disorders of face recognition in children
investigation and [healing] of disorders of face recognition in children

If any part of such a simulation is not achieved then the trainee should be credited only with the Learning Outcomes which have been achieved and will , after appropriate remediation need to work through another similar situation in order to demonstrate competence in the remaining Learning Outcomes .
if any part of such a simulation is not achieved then the trainee should be credited only with the learning outcomes which have been achieved and will , after appropriate [healing] need to work through another similar situation in order to demonstrate competence in the remaining learning outcomes .

allow time for remediation
allow time for [healing]

Remediation solutions
[healing] solutions

Because of this , they are difficult to flush out of the aquifer under standard conditions , and in situ biodegradation may be the only technically and economically feasible way to achieve remediation .
because of this , they are difficult to flush out of the aquifer under standard conditions , and in situ biodegradation may be the only technically and economically feasible way to achieve [healing] .

Despite these disadvantages , some of which only apply in situ , using biological processes in aiding groundwater remediation is worthy of further study .
despite these disadvantages , some of which only apply in situ , using biological processes in aiding groundwater [healing] is worthy of further study .

The focus of the Laboratory 's research program is on methods for the prevention and control of pollution to air , land , water , and subsurface resources , protection of water quality in public water systems ; remediation of contaminated sites and groundwater ; and prevention and control of indoor air pollution .
the focus of the laboratory 's research program is on methods for the prevention and control of pollution to air , land , water , and subsurface resources , protection of water quality in public water systems ; [healing] of contaminated sites and groundwater ; and prevention and control of indoor air pollution .

A NYT front-pager warns that the social ill effects of fearing the Y2K problem -- such as bank runs , hoarding of food and gas , fires caused by newly acquired wood stoves and a rise in gun violence accompanying the upsurge in gun sales to those fearing post-millennial-bug civil unrest -- could end up being much worse than any pure outcome of the problem itself , especially since the actual problem is being attacked with billions of dollars of remediation .
a nyt front-pager warns that the social ill effects of fearing the y2k problem -- such as bank runs , hoarding of food and gas , fires caused by newly acquired wood stoves and a rise in gun violence accompanying the upsurge in gun sales to those fearing post-millennial-bug civil unrest -- could end up being much worse than any pure outcome of the problem itself , especially since the actual problem is being attacked with billions of dollars of [healing] .

