The salary schedule permits remuneration greater than the average paid to the first level of engineering supervision ( engineering section head ) .
the salary schedule permits [pay/payment] greater than the average paid to the first level of engineering supervision ( engineering section head ) .

He receives remuneration for his work .
he receives [pay/payment] for his work .

It has given the life industry three years to develop a satisfactory method of remuneration disclosure .
it has given the life industry three years to develop a satisfactory method of [pay/payment] disclosure .

Calls from the floor for a re-introduction of travel assistance for staff and more provision of facilities for the disabled were dexterously handled , as were queries over the treatment of extraordinary and exceptional items , valuation of properties and directors ' remuneration which Sir Lewis said had been put up in line with the rises awarded to employees .
calls from the floor for a re-introduction of travel assistance for staff and more provision of facilities for the disabled were dexterously handled , as were queries over the treatment of extraordinary and exceptional items , valuation of properties and directors ' [pay/payment] which sir lewis said had been put up in line with the rises awarded to employees .

‘ But it is not purely about remuneration .
‘ but it is not purely about [pay/payment] .

Britain 's bosses are getting twelve point three percent more in total remuneration than they were last year , their workforce is getting nine point eight percent . Do n't you think that Britain 's bosses should be setting an example , and paying themselves similar increases to that that they pay their workforce ?
britain 's bosses are getting twelve point three percent more in total [pay/payment] than they were last year , their workforce is getting nine point eight percent . do n't you think that britain 's bosses should be setting an example , and paying themselves similar increases to that that they pay their workforce ?

But your your proposal was not accepted and the budget went through with no cuts to the benefits or the remuneration for the Councillors .
but your your proposal was not accepted and the budget went through with no cuts to the benefits or the [pay/payment] for the councillors .

For example , at Cadbury Schweppes the disturbance allowance is 12½ per cent of annual remuneration .
for example , at cadbury schweppes the disturbance allowance is 12½ per cent of annual [pay/payment] .

Company policy states : ‘ Annual remuneration is defined as the employee 's basic salary as a result of the move .
company policy states : ‘ annual [pay/payment] is defined as the employee 's basic salary as a result of the move .

At Nabisco , the disturbance allowance paid is 12 per cent of annual remuneration which is defined as ‘ the employee 's basic salary ( including any shift allowance ) as a result of the move ( any bonus/commission payable will not be included ) ’ .
at nabisco , the disturbance allowance paid is 12 per cent of annual [pay/payment] which is defined as ‘ the employee 's basic salary ( including any shift allowance ) as a result of the move ( any bonus/commission payable will not be included ) ’ .

At Cadbury Schweppes employees who do not receive an increase in their salaries as a result of relocation , receive an allowance of 10 per cent of their annual remuneration in addition to their disturbance allowance .
at cadbury schweppes employees who do not receive an increase in their salaries as a result of relocation , receive an allowance of 10 per cent of their annual [pay/payment] in addition to their disturbance allowance .

Remuneration packages may combine foreign service premia and hardship allowances or treat the payment of foreign service premia on a similar basis to that of hardship allowances , that is , the former are increased according to the environment in which the expatriate is asked to work .
[pay/payment] packages may combine foreign service premia and hardship allowances or treat the payment of foreign service premia on a similar basis to that of hardship allowances , that is , the former are increased according to the environment in which the expatriate is asked to work .

Housing allowances invariably form a separate part of the remuneration policy ( although it is surprising how many employers do not take them into account when determining cost of living allowances ) .
housing allowances invariably form a separate part of the [pay/payment] policy ( although it is surprising how many employers do not take them into account when determining cost of living allowances ) .

Sources of information may well be : hearsay ( which can be inaccurate ) ; articles in journals ( which are not usually followed up , making analyses of pay over time impossible ) ; and surveys by international management remuneration consultancies ( which can be expensive and often only contain data from their own members ) .
sources of information may well be : hearsay ( which can be inaccurate ) ; articles in journals ( which are not usually followed up , making analyses of pay over time impossible ) ; and surveys by international management [pay/payment] consultancies ( which can be expensive and often only contain data from their own members ) .

Such expatriates do not work abroad to further their careers within their employing organisations but , in general , accept overseas postings because of the generous remuneration packages which are attached to them .
such expatriates do not work abroad to further their careers within their employing organisations but , in general , accept overseas postings because of the generous [pay/payment] packages which are attached to them .

It is important that all concerned understand the company 's remuneration policies to prevent friction between different groups of workers .
it is important that all concerned understand the company 's [pay/payment] policies to prevent friction between different groups of workers .

Occasionally , a Bill will be abandoned as was the Judges ' Remuneration Bill 1953 , which proposed tax-free salaries for judges .
occasionally , a bill will be abandoned as was the judges ' [pay/payment] bill 1953 , which proposed tax-free salaries for judges .

Not only was John Barnesley 's remuneration as bailiff of Hartlebury omitted , he was credited with no landed income at all .
not only was john barnesley 's [pay/payment] as bailiff of hartlebury omitted , he was credited with no landed income at all .

Subject to any medical recommendations , inmates were to be kept at work according to their capacity and should not receive any remuneration for their labour .
subject to any medical recommendations , inmates were to be kept at work according to their capacity and should not receive any [pay/payment] for their labour .

If it is a final salary scheme , what is the exact definition of ‘ final salary ’ ? this could be very important if the organisation offers phased retirement or the opportunity of a sponsorship in the voluntary sector and , as some employers do , adjusts your remuneration to take account of a shorter working week or less onerous responsibilities .
if it is a final salary scheme , what is the exact definition of ‘ final salary ’ ? this could be very important if the organisation offers phased retirement or the opportunity of a sponsorship in the voluntary sector and , as some employers do , adjusts your [pay/payment] to take account of a shorter working week or less onerous responsibilities .

By 1978 , thanks largely to Roche , Heidrick and Struggles were earning higher total fees than any other search firm ; charging 33.3 % of the successful candidates ' remuneration , these reached $ 13.5m .
by 1978 , thanks largely to roche , heidrick and struggles were earning higher total fees than any other search firm ; charging 33.3 % of the successful candidates ' [pay/payment] , these reached $ 13.5m .

He always charged the full 33.3 % fee , however enormous the successful candidate 's remuneration — a policy shared by Gerry Roche — to the extent that Byrne quoted an observer as saying ‘ he has never been known to leave a nickel on the table ’ .
he always charged the full 33.3 % fee , however enormous the successful candidate 's [pay/payment] — a policy shared by gerry roche — to the extent that byrne quoted an observer as saying ‘ he has never been known to leave a nickel on the table ’ .

Base salary is commensurate with the remuneration this person would earn in a top paying industry in view of his or her educational and professional experience .
base salary is commensurate with the [pay/payment] this person would earn in a top paying industry in view of his or her educational and professional experience .

In 1968 and 1969 the National Board for Prices and Incomes reported on the remuneration of solicitors .
in 1968 and 1969 the national board for prices and incomes reported on the [pay/payment] of solicitors .

Is it really suggested that it is in the best interests of the community that the proper approach to remuneration is purely on a time basis , and supply related to the question whether there are sufficient people prac-tising ?
is it really suggested that it is in the best interests of the community that the proper approach to [pay/payment] is purely on a time basis , and supply related to the question whether there are sufficient people prac-tising ?

The professional man who gave a lower standard of service in necessitous cases , where his remuneration was little or nothing , would be regarded as an unworthy colleague by his professional brethren .
the professional man who gave a lower standard of service in necessitous cases , where his [pay/payment] was little or nothing , would be regarded as an unworthy colleague by his professional brethren .

Many solicitors deeply resent the treatment they feel they have received over their remuneration .
many solicitors deeply resent the treatment they feel they have received over their [pay/payment] .

Despite continued inflation such small increases in remuneration have been conceded only after many years of negotiation .
despite continued inflation such small increases in [pay/payment] have been conceded only after many years of negotiation .

Years of hard training , injuries and arduous touring have taken him ahead of British brothers Martin and Graham Bell , but have brought him little remuneration so far .
years of hard training , injuries and arduous touring have taken him ahead of british brothers martin and graham bell , but have brought him little [pay/payment] so far .

Another argument in favour of fees over commission is that there will be more incentive for stockbrokers to take a real interest in their clients ' portfolios , since any increase in their value will bear directly on the brokers ' remuneration .
another argument in favour of fees over commission is that there will be more incentive for stockbrokers to take a real interest in their clients ' portfolios , since any increase in their value will bear directly on the brokers ' [pay/payment] .

Interestingly , the auditors ' remuneration and expenses charge fell from £895,000 to £785,000 .
interestingly , the auditors ' [pay/payment] and expenses charge fell from £895,000 to £785,000 .

The financial press has devoted much space to the 54 % increase in chief executive Greg Hutchings ' remuneration to £995,000 ( v £646,000 ) .
the financial press has devoted much space to the 54 % increase in chief executive greg hutchings ' [pay/payment] to £995,000 ( v £646,000 ) .

The only matter remaining was to quantify what was properly due to the receivers as remuneration before bringing the receivership to an end .
the only matter remaining was to quantify what was properly due to the receivers as [pay/payment] before bringing the receivership to an end .

The serious issue was the dispute over the proper amount of remuneration .
the serious issue was the dispute over the proper amount of [pay/payment] .

Although many officials and newspapers proposed that they be paid a modest salary , only the chief headmen received official remuneration .
although many officials and newspapers proposed that they be paid a modest salary , only the chief headmen received official [pay/payment] .

The ideal solution here would be to shift effective power in matters of auditors ' appointment and remuneration from the directors to the shareholders .
the ideal solution here would be to shift effective power in matters of auditors ' appointment and [pay/payment] from the directors to the shareholders .

Such costs would not include any allocation of costs which would have been incurred had the instrument not been issued : for example management remuneration .
such costs would not include any allocation of costs which would have been incurred had the instrument not been issued : for example management [pay/payment] .

Ss 384 and 385 of the 1985 Companies Act say that the auditor is appointed and his remuneration fixed by ‘ the company in general meeting ’ .
ss 384 and 385 of the 1985 companies act say that the auditor is appointed and his [pay/payment] fixed by ‘ the company in general meeting ’ .

There are also opportunities for people with expertise in remuneration and compensation issues , ’ — bonus schemes in good times and redundancies in bad !
there are also opportunities for people with expertise in [pay/payment] and compensation issues , ’ — bonus schemes in good times and redundancies in bad !

They also restore small companies ' exemption from the requirement to disclose auditors ' remuneration in the abbreviated accounts .
they also restore small companies ' exemption from the requirement to disclose auditors ' [pay/payment] in the abbreviated accounts .

employee remuneration
employee [pay/payment]

But it is possible to reduce company car costs while increasing the employee 's perceived remuneration .
but it is possible to reduce company car costs while increasing the employee 's perceived [pay/payment] .

Company cars : Costs can go down , perceived remuneration up
company cars : costs can go down , perceived [pay/payment] up

Moreover , as these demands have grown , so have the commercial pressures on companies to present their results and state of affairs in the best light , and this in turn has sometimes led to difficulties for auditors in standing up to directors who fix their remuneration and who , in practice , have the power to dismiss them .
moreover , as these demands have grown , so have the commercial pressures on companies to present their results and state of affairs in the best light , and this in turn has sometimes led to difficulties for auditors in standing up to directors who fix their [pay/payment] and who , in practice , have the power to dismiss them .

However , a problem arises because the amount of the remuneration included in the management charge is unknown .
however , a problem arises because the amount of the [pay/payment] included in the management charge is unknown .

The remuneration committee , consisting of all the independent directors , determines the employment terms and total remuneration of the executive directors and the amounts to be appropriated to employees through the profit sharing scheme .
the [pay/payment] committee , consisting of all the independent directors , determines the employment terms and total [pay/payment] of the executive directors and the amounts to be appropriated to employees through the profit sharing scheme .

The annual report should also give information on directors ' remuneration and the cost of non-audit services provided by the auditor .
the annual report should also give information on directors ' [pay/payment] and the cost of non-audit services provided by the auditor .

Direct Line Insurance is not a listed company , but his 1991 total remuneration of £l.84m ( up from £329,426 in 1990 ) makes him one of Britain 's highest paid businesspeople .
direct line insurance is not a listed company , but his 1991 total [pay/payment] of £l.84m ( up from £329,426 in 1990 ) makes him one of britain 's highest paid businesspeople .

Direct Line Insurance is not a listed company , but Peter Wood 's 1991 total remuneration of £1.84m ( up from £329,426 in 1990 ) makes him one of Britain 's highest paid businessmen
direct line insurance is not a listed company , but peter wood 's 1991 total [pay/payment] of £1.84m ( up from £329,426 in 1990 ) makes him one of britain 's highest paid businessmen

At first sight , the most time-consuming area seems to be directors ' remuneration details .
at first sight , the most time-consuming area seems to be directors ' [pay/payment] details .

In the notes to the accounts for the year ended 30 June 1992 , the pharmaceuticals group has analysed directors ' remuneration under fees , performance-related payments , other emoluments , pension scheme contributions , payment to former director and pension to former director .
in the notes to the accounts for the year ended 30 june 1992 , the pharmaceuticals group has analysed directors ' [pay/payment] under fees , performance-related payments , other emoluments , pension scheme contributions , payment to former director and pension to former director .

The quality of staff was a recurring theme with Howard , and he placed emphasis on both appropriate remuneration ( Howard 1792 : 128 , 129 , 140 , 158 ) and training ( 145 , 173–4 , 206 , 222 ) .
the quality of staff was a recurring theme with howard , and he placed emphasis on both appropriate [pay/payment] ( howard 1792 : 128 , 129 , 140 , 158 ) and training ( 145 , 173–4 , 206 , 222 ) .

In Howard 's time , the main problem in respect of remuneration was that the gaoler was expected to generate his own income , by what often amounted to extortion from those in his charge or their family and friends .
in howard 's time , the main problem in respect of [pay/payment] was that the gaoler was expected to generate his own income , by what often amounted to extortion from those in his charge or their family and friends .

Four-fifths of chief executives favoured legislation requiring companies to have a remuneration committee dominated by outsiders .
four-fifths of chief executives favoured legislation requiring companies to have a [pay/payment] committee dominated by outsiders .

The commander of an East Indiamen might bring home with him 38 tons of cargo , his chief mate was allowed eight tons , the second officer six tons , and the remaining officers in decreasing proportion , but for all of them it was an important part of their remuneration .
the commander of an east indiamen might bring home with him 38 tons of cargo , his chief mate was allowed eight tons , the second officer six tons , and the remaining officers in decreasing proportion , but for all of them it was an important part of their [pay/payment] .

Conflict of interest is rarely emphasised in the eighteenth century , however , and there can be little doubt that many customs officers held their posts for sound business reasons which had little to do with the remuneration offered by the crown .
conflict of interest is rarely emphasised in the eighteenth century , however , and there can be little doubt that many customs officers held their posts for sound business reasons which had little to do with the [pay/payment] offered by the crown .

Changes in these supply and demand factors depend on the physical and mental capacity of individuals for work and the requirements of employment , but also on the personal choice of individuals , the marginal productivity of other groups in the labour market , the flexibility of remuneration schemes , and institutional factors such as pension-scheme regulations .
changes in these supply and demand factors depend on the physical and mental capacity of individuals for work and the requirements of employment , but also on the personal choice of individuals , the marginal productivity of other groups in the labour market , the flexibility of [pay/payment] schemes , and institutional factors such as pension-scheme regulations .

The minimum for Professors is £29,949 , with each individual 's remuneration being privately negotiated with the university authorities .
the minimum for professors is £29,949 , with each individual 's [pay/payment] being privately negotiated with the university authorities .

Get an agreement in writing of the conditions , expectations and remuneration for your residency .
get an agreement in writing of the conditions , expectations and [pay/payment] for your residency .

12.2 Should the Proprietor for any reason whatsoever not prepare and deliver such updating revision and correction within such time as may be reasonably required by the Publisher the Publisher shall be free to employ for that purpose such writer ( or writers ) as it may think fit and to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to such writer(s) from any monies due to the Proprietor for such updates , revisions or corrections .
12.2 should the proprietor for any reason whatsoever not prepare and deliver such updating revision and correction within such time as may be reasonably required by the publisher the publisher shall be free to employ for that purpose such writer ( or writers ) as it may think fit and to deduct all or part of the [pay/payment] payable to such writer(s) from any monies due to the proprietor for such updates , revisions or corrections .

13.2 Should the Proprietor for any reason whatsoever not prepare or fail to deliver each new edition then the Publisher shall be free to employ an alternative writer ( or writers ) to edit the work in such manner as the Publisher may consider appropriate and the Publisher will be entitled to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to the alternative writer(s) from royalties payable to the Proprietor on that edition .
13.2 should the proprietor for any reason whatsoever not prepare or fail to deliver each new edition then the publisher shall be free to employ an alternative writer ( or writers ) to edit the work in such manner as the publisher may consider appropriate and the publisher will be entitled to deduct all or part of the [pay/payment] payable to the alternative writer(s) from royalties payable to the proprietor on that edition .

12.2 Should the Company for any reason whatsoever not procure the preparation and delivery of such updating revision and correction within such time as may be reasonably required by the Publisher the Publisher shall be free to employ for that purpose such writer ( or writers ) as it may think fit and to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to such writer(s) from any monies due to the Company .
12.2 should the company for any reason whatsoever not procure the preparation and delivery of such updating revision and correction within such time as may be reasonably required by the publisher the publisher shall be free to employ for that purpose such writer ( or writers ) as it may think fit and to deduct all or part of the [pay/payment] payable to such writer(s) from any monies due to the company .

13.2 Should the Company for any reason whatsoever not procure the preparation of or fail to deliver each new edition then the Publisher shall be free to employ an alternative writer ( or writers ) to edit the work in such manner as the Publisher may consider appropriate and the Publisher will be entitled to deduct all or part of the remuneration payable to the alternative writer(s) from royalties payable to the Company on that edition .
13.2 should the company for any reason whatsoever not procure the preparation of or fail to deliver each new edition then the publisher shall be free to employ an alternative writer ( or writers ) to edit the work in such manner as the publisher may consider appropriate and the publisher will be entitled to deduct all or part of the [pay/payment] payable to the alternative writer(s) from royalties payable to the company on that edition .

We are offering an attractive remuneration package including a company car and other larger company benefits .
we are offering an attractive [pay/payment] package including a company car and other larger company benefits .

It could of course be argued that the original developer is entitled to some remuneration for the cost involved in constructing the original road and associated services .
it could of course be argued that the original developer is entitled to some [pay/payment] for the cost involved in constructing the original road and associated services .

On the profit and loss account , disclosure is required of turnover and pre-tax profits by type of business and significant geographical areas , interest payments , taxation , staff payments , depreciation , auditor 's remuneration , income from listed investments and payments for the hire of plant and machinery .
on the profit and loss account , disclosure is required of turnover and pre-tax profits by type of business and significant geographical areas , interest payments , taxation , staff payments , depreciation , auditor 's [pay/payment] , income from listed investments and payments for the hire of plant and machinery .

Methods of remuneration of directly employed labour were discussed in detail in Chapter 6 .
methods of [pay/payment] of directly employed labour were discussed in detail in chapter 6 .

Salaries are substantial ; a survey for the years 1978–1980 found that the middle remuneration bracket for lawyers in a wide variety of industries was £16,000-£18,000 , which placed lawyers on a level with the average director .
salaries are substantial ; a survey for the years 1978–1980 found that the middle [pay/payment] bracket for lawyers in a wide variety of industries was £16,000-£18,000 , which placed lawyers on a level with the average director .

Not all solicitors have large incomes : the 1976 Remuneration Survey ( given in evidence by the Law Society to the Royal Commission on Legal Services ) showed that half of those working in private practice earned less than £7,050 .
not all solicitors have large incomes : the 1976 [pay/payment] survey ( given in evidence by the law society to the royal commission on legal services ) showed that half of those working in private practice earned less than £7,050 .

Non-executives may also staff a remuneration committee responsible for top management appointments and for setting the level of their salaries and other benefits .
non-executives may also staff a [pay/payment] committee responsible for top management appointments and for setting the level of their salaries and other benefits .

The existence of a relationship between increased remuneration and profits on the one hand or growth on the other is capable of less impressionistic assessment , and indeed has been subject to detailed research .
the existence of a relationship between increased [pay/payment] and profits on the one hand or growth on the other is capable of less impressionistic assessment , and indeed has been subject to detailed research .

For one thing , if , as will be considered shortly , employment income is in some cases only a small proportion of a manager 's return from the company , then even with a significant correlation between remuneration and growth the growth motive would be cancelled out .
for one thing , if , as will be considered shortly , employment income is in some cases only a small proportion of a manager 's return from the company , then even with a significant correlation between [pay/payment] and growth the growth motive would be cancelled out .

Two British ones agree that both profitability and size affect remuneration , one finding size to be the major determinant , the other that profitability was at least as significant as growth .
two british ones agree that both profitability and size affect [pay/payment] , one finding size to be the major determinant , the other that profitability was at least as significant as growth .

They thus obtain status and other ‘ psychological ’ benefits at the shareholders ' expense , and increase their rewards from office in a more tax-efficient way than through regular remuneration .
they thus obtain status and other ‘ psychological ’ benefits at the shareholders ' expense , and increase their rewards from office in a more tax-efficient way than through regular [pay/payment] .

As Hay and Morris point out , ‘ with regard to managerial objectives , it [ may be ] less important what proportion of a company 's shares is owned by the management , but much more vital what proportion of the managers ’ remuneration depends on stocks and shares ’ .
as hay and morris point out , ‘ with regard to managerial objectives , it [ may be ] less important what proportion of a company 's shares is owned by the management , but much more vital what proportion of the managers ’ [pay/payment] depends on stocks and shares ’ .

They might consider , for instance , that their own welfare is linked to the size of the enterprise independently of whether the return to shareholders is maximised , perhaps because high remuneration , power , or prestige are associated with large scale rather than profitability .
they might consider , for instance , that their own welfare is linked to the size of the enterprise independently of whether the return to shareholders is maximised , perhaps because high [pay/payment] , power , or prestige are associated with large scale rather than profitability .

Product market signals can , however , be amplified by linking management remuneration to company performance , and thus while the market may be largely ineffective in so far as it offers threats , it can be made to function better by providing incentives .
product market signals can , however , be amplified by linking management [pay/payment] to company performance , and thus while the market may be largely ineffective in so far as it offers threats , it can be made to function better by providing incentives .

Linkage can happen informally in that high salaries are easier to justify where the company is profitable , but in many companies the connection between profitability and remuneration is now made explicit , through the use of bonus payments or share options .
linkage can happen informally in that high salaries are easier to justify where the company is profitable , but in many companies the connection between profitability and [pay/payment] is now made explicit , through the use of bonus payments or share options .

Support for the view that remuneration schemes are designed to produce a particular outcome can be derived from the findings of Jensen and Murphy .
support for the view that [pay/payment] schemes are designed to produce a particular outcome can be derived from the findings of jensen and murphy .

Their survey of the remuneration of chief executives in the United States reveals that although on average bonuses represent 50 per cent of salary , such bonuses are awarded in ways that are not highly sensitive to performance .
their survey of the [pay/payment] of chief executives in the united states reveals that although on average bonuses represent 50 per cent of salary , such bonuses are awarded in ways that are not highly sensitive to performance .

Where , for instance , remuneration is linked to earnings per share , managers have an interest in increasing short-term profits , which may be detrimental to investment and the company 's long-term value .
where , for instance , [pay/payment] is linked to earnings per share , managers have an interest in increasing short-term profits , which may be detrimental to investment and the company 's long-term value .

In the language of implicit contracting , similarly , employees accept lower remuneration in exchange for job stability , and this ( unenforceable ) understanding is breached when employees are laid off following a take-over .
in the language of implicit contracting , similarly , employees accept lower [pay/payment] in exchange for job stability , and this ( unenforceable ) understanding is breached when employees are laid off following a take-over .

By this is meant that they derive an important part of their remuneration from singing , playing or directing in cathedrals and major parish churches .
by this is meant that they derive an important part of their [pay/payment] from singing , playing or directing in cathedrals and major parish churches .

It should be noted that the remuneration of assistant organists is generally low .
it should be noted that the [pay/payment] of assistant organists is generally low .

More than three-quarters of those who are currently in post , even where they receive some remuneration , are amateurs in status , and in many cases in training as well , The extent and quality of their musical education is therefore extremely varied .
more than three-quarters of those who are currently in post , even where they receive some [pay/payment] , are amateurs in status , and in many cases in training as well , the extent and quality of their musical education is therefore extremely varied .

Part of the problem which has created a shortage of church organists or directors is the level of remuneration which is offered to them .
part of the problem which has created a shortage of church organists or directors is the level of [pay/payment] which is offered to them .

Evidence received by the Commission shows that cathedral and other professional church musicians receive salaries which are a fraction of the remuneration they could command on the basis of their qualifications , outside the Church .
evidence received by the commission shows that cathedral and other professional church musicians receive salaries which are a fraction of the [pay/payment] they could command on the basis of their qualifications , outside the church .

That parishes work towards a realistic level of remuneration for their organist or director of music and make provision for their continuing training ( 581–584 ) .
that parishes work towards a realistic level of [pay/payment] for their organist or director of music and make provision for their continuing training ( 581–584 ) .

Remuneration offered to children in parish church choirs is usually at the level of pocket money .
[pay/payment] offered to children in parish church choirs is usually at the level of pocket money .

The Japanese remuneration schedule sets up sizable disincentives to careerism based on information hoard-ing .
the japanese [pay/payment] schedule sets up sizable disincentives to careerism based on information hoard-ing .

Extended service is a key factor in remuneration , as we have seen .
extended service is a key factor in [pay/payment] , as we have seen .

profits and remuneration of partners ;
profits and [pay/payment] of partners ;

Remuneration .
[pay/payment] .

directors ( number of directors , alternate directors , powers of directors , delegation of directors ' powers , appointment and retirement of directors , disqualification and removal of directors , remuneration and expenses of directors , directors ' appointments and interests , directors ' gratuities and pensions , proceedings of directors ' meetings ( including board meetings ) ) ;
directors ( number of directors , alternate directors , powers of directors , delegation of directors ' powers , appointment and retirement of directors , disqualification and removal of directors , [pay/payment] and expenses of directors , directors ' appointments and interests , directors ' gratuities and pensions , proceedings of directors ' meetings ( including board meetings ) ) ;

Where a company 's Articles of Association state that only the Board of Directors can grant special remuneration to a director , a committee of the Board does not have authority to pay a special fee to one of its members .
where a company 's articles of association state that only the board of directors can grant special [pay/payment] to a director , a committee of the board does not have authority to pay a special fee to one of its members .

In these circumstances , where a director alleges an agreement with a committee of the Board for payment of remuneration , the court will not , in law or equity , award a sum to him for services to the company , as in relying on such an alleged agreement the director involves himself in an irreconcilable conflict between his duties as a director and his personal interests .
in these circumstances , where a director alleges an agreement with a committee of the board for payment of [pay/payment] , the court will not , in law or equity , award a sum to him for services to the company , as in relying on such an alleged agreement the director involves himself in an irreconcilable conflict between his duties as a director and his personal interests .

The Guinness Articles of Association relaxed the general rule of equity , which forbids a trustee to profit from his trust , to the extent of enabling a director to make such a profit provided the Board of Directors of the company approved any special remuneration .
the guinness articles of association relaxed the general rule of equity , which forbids a trustee to profit from his trust , to the extent of enabling a director to make such a profit provided the board of directors of the company approved any special [pay/payment] .

However , the Article dealing with special remuneration drew a distinction between the Board and a committee of the Board so that as a matter of construction ‘ the Board ’ in that context meant the Board and not the committee .
however , the article dealing with special [pay/payment] drew a distinction between the board and a committee of the board so that as a matter of construction ‘ the board ’ in that context meant the board and not the committee .

Trade was booming and there was dissatisfaction about pay , ballast-heaving , and mast-stripping and keel-scraping without remuneration .
trade was booming and there was dissatisfaction about pay , ballast-heaving , and mast-stripping and keel-scraping without [pay/payment] .

Finally , the manner of remuneration and , more important , the de jure employment status of contract computer staff tend to differ from agency secretarial/office staff .
finally , the manner of [pay/payment] and , more important , the de jure employment status of contract computer staff tend to differ from agency secretarial/office staff .

‘ with such duties at such remuneration and upon such terms and conditions as the council shall deem fit provided that no academic officer shall be appointed except after consideration of a report from the senate . ’
‘ with such duties at such [pay/payment] and upon such terms and conditions as the council shall deem fit provided that no academic officer shall be appointed except after consideration of a report from the senate . ’

And what is the prescribed extent of the statutory diurnal remuneration ?
and what is the prescribed extent of the statutory diurnal [pay/payment] ?

Disclose remuneration paid to auditors for audit services .
disclose [pay/payment] paid to auditors for audit services .

Remuneration includes expenses and benefits in kind .
[pay/payment] includes expenses and benefits in kind .

Disclose remuneration paid to auditors or their associates for non-audit services .
disclose [pay/payment] paid to auditors or their associates for non-audit services .

Remuneration includes expenses and benefits in kind .
[pay/payment] includes expenses and benefits in kind .

The auditors ' remuneration must be fixed or determined in some way by the company in general meeting .
the auditors ' [pay/payment] must be fixed or determined in some way by the company in general meeting .

To re-appoint Stoy Hayward as auditors and authorise the directors to fix their remuneration .
to re-appoint stoy hayward as auditors and authorise the directors to fix their [pay/payment] .

Disclose remuneration paid to auditors for audit services .
disclose [pay/payment] paid to auditors for audit services .

Remuneration includes expenses and benefits in kind .
[pay/payment] includes expenses and benefits in kind .

Disclose remuneration paid to auditors or their associates for non-audit services .
disclose [pay/payment] paid to auditors or their associates for non-audit services .

Remuneration includes expenses and benefits in kind .
[pay/payment] includes expenses and benefits in kind .

In most earlier cases , the occupant of tied accommodation had not enjoyed full protection against eviction under the Rent Acts since no money was paid , the accommodation usually being provided rent-free as part of remuneration .
in most earlier cases , the occupant of tied accommodation had not enjoyed full protection against eviction under the rent acts since no money was paid , the accommodation usually being provided rent-free as part of [pay/payment] .

The Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 ( amended in 1984 , 1985 , 1986 and 1989 ) secures the rights of redundant workers to financial remuneration .
the employment protection ( consolidation ) act 1978 ( amended in 1984 , 1985 , 1986 and 1989 ) secures the rights of redundant workers to financial [pay/payment] .

The recent fundamental review of dental remuneration by Sir Kenneth Bloomfield called for ‘ a more robust approach ’ to fluoridation ‘ which would not allow for indefinite procrastination in adopting measures judged by the competent health authorities to be both beneficial and cost effective .
the recent fundamental review of dental [pay/payment] by sir kenneth bloomfield called for ‘ a more robust approach ’ to fluoridation ‘ which would not allow for indefinite procrastination in adopting measures judged by the competent health authorities to be both beneficial and cost effective .

With regard to deprivation payments , the system for remuneration in general practice before the 1990 contract took no account of the increased cost of living , increased cost of running a practice , and increased workload of general practitioners in inner London .
with regard to deprivation payments , the system for [pay/payment] in general practice before the 1990 contract took no account of the increased cost of living , increased cost of running a practice , and increased workload of general practitioners in inner london .

General practitioners have served on numerous planning committees with no remuneration , and many are dedicated to undergraduate and postgraduate education , evolving professional standards and performing research .
general practitioners have served on numerous planning committees with no [pay/payment] , and many are dedicated to undergraduate and postgraduate education , evolving professional standards and performing research .

While the new proposed arrangements for provision of care for asthmatic patients in general practice are admirable , the proposed remuneration of £400 per general practitioner per year is inadequate to implement the new scheme .
while the new proposed arrangements for provision of care for asthmatic patients in general practice are admirable , the proposed [pay/payment] of £400 per general practitioner per year is inadequate to implement the new scheme .

Alternatively it may have been because a rising number of night visits , increasingly performed before 1990 by deputies , increases health service expenditure as the cost of deputies is eventually reimbursed in the expense element of general practitioner remuneration .
alternatively it may have been because a rising number of night visits , increasingly performed before 1990 by deputies , increases health service expenditure as the cost of deputies is eventually reimbursed in the expense element of general practitioner [pay/payment] .

Many fear that this first reduction in hours will mean an increase in the intensity of their work and a fall in their remuneration for it .
many fear that this first reduction in hours will mean an increase in the intensity of their work and a fall in their [pay/payment] for it .

They would need training and should receive remuneration ; colleges and postgraduate deans should together be responsible for setting up such a system .
they would need training and should receive [pay/payment] ; colleges and postgraduate deans should together be responsible for setting up such a system .

The monopoly over the initiation of proceedings has proved to be most contentious in relation to claims assessors who deal with accident claims on a contingency basis taking part of the compensation as remuneration .
the monopoly over the initiation of proceedings has proved to be most contentious in relation to claims assessors who deal with accident claims on a contingency basis taking part of the compensation as [pay/payment] .

Secondly , they can require the solicitor to obtain a remuneration certificate from The Law Society to show whether the fees are fair and reasonable .
secondly , they can require the solicitor to obtain a [pay/payment] certificate from the law society to show whether the fees are fair and reasonable .

No solicitor can sue for fees unless the client has been told about the remuneration certificate procedure .
no solicitor can sue for fees unless the client has been told about the [pay/payment] certificate procedure .

At any time , even after requiring a remuneration certificate , the client may apply to a High Court taxing master for taxation of the bill .
at any time , even after requiring a [pay/payment] certificate , the client may apply to a high court taxing master for taxation of the bill .

Suddenly an army of civil servants were to surrender substantial proportions of their remuneration and were forced to seek , at no little expense , dispensations from — and at the discretion of — the pope , not a prospect which they would welcome .
suddenly an army of civil servants were to surrender substantial proportions of their [pay/payment] and were forced to seek , at no little expense , dispensations from — and at the discretion of — the pope , not a prospect which they would welcome .

’ The majority of these items related to solicitors ' charges , other professional advisers ' charges or receivers ' remuneration .
’ the majority of these items related to solicitors ' charges , other professional advisers ' charges or receivers ' [pay/payment] .

Under clause 7 the first defendant was given power to appoint a receiver and ‘ either at the time of his appointment or any time thereafter [ to ] fix his remuneration … ’ Clause 8 provided :
under clause 7 the first defendant was given power to appoint a receiver and ‘ either at the time of his appointment or any time thereafter [ to ] fix his [pay/payment] … ’ clause 8 provided :

‘ All moneys received by the receiver shall be applied by him in the following order of priority ; ( 1 ) In satisfaction of all costs charges and expenses of and incidental to the appointment of the receiver and the exercise of any of his powers and all outgoings paid by him and his remuneration .
‘ all moneys received by the receiver shall be applied by him in the following order of priority ; ( 1 ) in satisfaction of all costs charges and expenses of and incidental to the appointment of the receiver and the exercise of any of his powers and all outgoings paid by him and his [pay/payment] .

So the first defendant was entitled to ‘ all costs charges and expenses … on a full indemnity basis ’ and the receivers were entitled to retain out of the mortgaged property their remuneration as fixed by the first defendant .
so the first defendant was entitled to ‘ all costs charges and expenses … on a full indemnity basis ’ and the receivers were entitled to retain out of the mortgaged property their [pay/payment] as fixed by the first defendant .

Clause 7 thereof gave power to the first defendant , inter alia , to ‘ determine the remuneration of the receiver .
clause 7 thereof gave power to the first defendant , inter alia , to ‘ determine the [pay/payment] of the receiver .

‘ ( a ) in satisfaction of all costs charges and expenses properly incurred and payments properly made by the bank or the receiver and of the remuneration of the receiver ; ( b ) in or towards satisfaction of the moneys outstanding and secured by this deed .
‘ ( a ) in satisfaction of all costs charges and expenses properly incurred and payments properly made by the bank or the receiver and of the [pay/payment] of the receiver ; ( b ) in or towards satisfaction of the moneys outstanding and secured by this deed .

‘ References to costs shall be construed as including references to fees , charges , disbursements , expenses and remuneration and , in relation to proceedings ( including taxation proceedings ) , also include references to costs of or incidental to those proceedings .
‘ references to costs shall be construed as including references to fees , charges , disbursements , expenses and [pay/payment] and , in relation to proceedings ( including taxation proceedings ) , also include references to costs of or incidental to those proceedings .

( 1 ) The defendants have a contractual right to retain out of the mortgage funds in hand their costs , charges and expenses , including the receivers ' remuneration , on an indemnity basis .
( 1 ) the defendants have a contractual right to retain out of the mortgage funds in hand their costs , charges and expenses , including the receivers ' [pay/payment] , on an indemnity basis .

62 , r. 24 to request a taxing master to tax any of the items of costs , including fees , charges , disbursements , expenses and remuneration , contained in the account .
62 , r. 24 to request a taxing master to tax any of the items of costs , including fees , charges , disbursements , expenses and [pay/payment] , contained in the account .

62 , r. 24 to direct that any items of costs , fees , charges , disbursements , expenses and remuneration in the said accounts be taxed by a taxing officer on the indemnity basis .
62 , r. 24 to direct that any items of costs , fees , charges , disbursements , expenses and [pay/payment] in the said accounts be taxed by a taxing officer on the indemnity basis .

The surety often takes the position from motives of friendship to the debtor , and generally not as a result of any direct bargaining between him and the creditor , or in consideration of any remuneration passing to him from the creditor .
the surety often takes the position from motives of friendship to the debtor , and generally not as a result of any direct bargaining between him and the creditor , or in consideration of any [pay/payment] passing to him from the creditor .

Crime — Theft — Obtaining pecuniary advantage by deception — Opportunity to earn remuneration in ‘ office or employment ’ — Whether including services by self-employed accountant — Theft Act 1968 ( c. 60 ) , s. 16(2) ( c )
crime — theft — obtaining pecuniary advantage by deception — opportunity to earn [pay/payment] in ‘ office or employment ’ — whether including services by self-employed accountant — theft act 1968 ( c. 60 ) , s. 16(2) ( c )

On appeal against conviction , on the ground that the services provided by the appellant were not services within an ‘ office or employment , ’ in respect of which the opportunity to earn remuneration had been obtained , within the meaning of section 16(2) ( c ) of the Act : —
on appeal against conviction , on the ground that the services provided by the appellant were not services within an ‘ office or employment , ’ in respect of which the opportunity to earn [pay/payment] had been obtained , within the meaning of section 16(2) ( c ) of the act : —

The grounds were that the work which the appellant offered to carry out when he presented himself to Mr. Burt and Mr. Hughes as a qualified accountant ( and the remuneration that he gained the opportunity to earn as a result ) were services to be provided by him as a self-employed fee-earning accountant , and therefore were to be provided neither under a contract of employment nor by virtue of his holding of an office within the meaning of section 16 ( 2 ) ( c ) of the Theft Act 1968 .
the grounds were that the work which the appellant offered to carry out when he presented himself to mr. burt and mr. hughes as a qualified accountant ( and the [pay/payment] that he gained the opportunity to earn as a result ) were services to be provided by him as a self-employed fee-earning accountant , and therefore were to be provided neither under a contract of employment nor by virtue of his holding of an office within the meaning of section 16 ( 2 ) ( c ) of the theft act 1968 .

In that case , the opportunity to earn remuneration arose when the appellant obtained the grant of a tenancy of a public house owned by and tied to a large brewery company .
in that case , the opportunity to earn [pay/payment] arose when the appellant obtained the grant of a tenancy of a public house owned by and tied to a large brewery company .

Although it is tempting to regard ( for example ) a freelance author as ‘ employed ’ by publishers to write a book , or a solicitor as ‘ employed ’ by his client to perform professional services , neither of them , it would seem , earns his remuneration ‘ in ’ an employment .
although it is tempting to regard ( for example ) a freelance author as ‘ employed ’ by publishers to write a book , or a solicitor as ‘ employed ’ by his client to perform professional services , neither of them , it would seem , earns his [pay/payment] ‘ in ’ an employment .

Even the solicitor and the author may be said to be employed — in the ‘ simple language … used and understood by ordinary literate men and women ’ — and if they are employed , their remuneration is surely earned ‘ in employment .
even the solicitor and the author may be said to be employed — in the ‘ simple language … used and understood by ordinary literate men and women ’ — and if they are employed , their [pay/payment] is surely earned ‘ in employment .

By a respondent 's notice dated 28 February 1992 the father contended that in the event of the appeal being allowed in part the order should be varied so that the local authority pay to the father a sum representing the costs incurred by the father in the family proceedings court and that sum to be calculated by a costs draftsman by reference to the Legal Aid in Family Proceedings ( Remuneration ) Regulations 1991 or alternatively , to an order that the local authority pay to the father a sum representing in relating to the proceedings below calculated in the same way but excluding all or part of the costs incurred on 27 and 28 January 1992 .
by a respondent 's notice dated 28 february 1992 the father contended that in the event of the appeal being allowed in part the order should be varied so that the local authority pay to the father a sum representing the costs incurred by the father in the family proceedings court and that sum to be calculated by a costs draftsman by reference to the legal aid in family proceedings ( [pay/payment] ) regulations 1991 or alternatively , to an order that the local authority pay to the father a sum representing in relating to the proceedings below calculated in the same way but excluding all or part of the costs incurred on 27 and 28 january 1992 .

The grounds on which the father relied were , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the justices heard evidence from which they could properly conclude that his costs had been incurred as a result of the actions and omissions of the local authority ; ( 2 ) as there was no machinery for taxation of costs the justices were correct to assess the amount of the costs ; ( 3 ) the father was entitled to his costs incurred in the Family Proceedings court to the extent allowable under the Legal Aid in Family Proceedings ( Remuneration ) Regulations 1991 and the justices were correct to hold that the actions of the local authority justified making the costs order which included the costs of the hearing on 27 and 28 January 1992 .
the grounds on which the father relied were , inter alia , that ( 1 ) the justices heard evidence from which they could properly conclude that his costs had been incurred as a result of the actions and omissions of the local authority ; ( 2 ) as there was no machinery for taxation of costs the justices were correct to assess the amount of the costs ; ( 3 ) the father was entitled to his costs incurred in the family proceedings court to the extent allowable under the legal aid in family proceedings ( [pay/payment] ) regulations 1991 and the justices were correct to hold that the actions of the local authority justified making the costs order which included the costs of the hearing on 27 and 28 january 1992 .

The Legal Aid Act 1974 provides that solicitor and counsel may receive their remuneration only from the fund .
the legal aid act 1974 provides that solicitor and counsel may receive their [pay/payment] only from the fund .

The extent of that remuneration can be known only when the assessment has been carried out that is provided by the legal aid scheme .
the extent of that [pay/payment] can be known only when the assessment has been carried out that is provided by the legal aid scheme .

( e ) Security and remuneration
( e ) security and [pay/payment]

The remuneration of the interim receiver will be fixed by the court from time to time , taking into account the time spent , the complexity of the matter , the value and nature of the property , etc and will be paid either by the debtor ( if no bankruptcy order is made ) or out of the debtor 's assets as a charge upon them ( r6.56 ) .
the [pay/payment] of the interim receiver will be fixed by the court from time to time , taking into account the time spent , the complexity of the matter , the value and nature of the property , etc and will be paid either by the debtor ( if no bankruptcy order is made ) or out of the debtor 's assets as a charge upon them ( r6.56 ) .

Where the court is satisfied that any improper solicitation has been used by or on behalf of a trustee in obtaining proxies or in procuring his appointment as trustee , it may order that no remuneration be allowed to the person by whom or on whose behalf the solicitation was exercised ( r 6.148 ( 1 ) ) .
where the court is satisfied that any improper solicitation has been used by or on behalf of a trustee in obtaining proxies or in procuring his appointment as trustee , it may order that no [pay/payment] be allowed to the person by whom or on whose behalf the solicitation was exercised ( r 6.148 ( 1 ) ) .

No person acting under a proxy may vote in favour of any resolution which would directly or indirectly place him or any associate of his in a position to receive any remuneration out of the estate of the bankrupt ( r 8.6 ( 1 ) ) .
no person acting under a proxy may vote in favour of any resolution which would directly or indirectly place him or any associate of his in a position to receive any [pay/payment] out of the estate of the bankrupt ( r 8.6 ( 1 ) ) .

If the proxy was signed by the proxyholder himself , he can not vote in favour of any remuneration being paid to himself unless he produced written authorisation from his principal showing that he was entitled to sign the proxy .
if the proxy was signed by the proxyholder himself , he can not vote in favour of any [pay/payment] being paid to himself unless he produced written authorisation from his principal showing that he was entitled to sign the proxy .

In fact , pursuant to r 6.80 , no resolutions can be taken at the meeting of creditors other than : ( i ) a resolution to appoint a named insolvency practitioner to be trustee or two or more insolvency practitioners as joint trustees ; ( ii ) a resolution to establish a creditors ' committee ; ( iii ) ( unless a creditors ' committee has been established ) a resolution specifying the terms of the trustee 's remuneration or to defer consideration of that matter ; ( iv ) if two or more trustees are appointed , a resolution specifying whether acts are to be done by both or all of them , or by only one ; ( v ) a resolution adjourning the meeting for not more than three weeks ; and ( vi ) any other resolutions which the chairman thinks it right to allow for special reasons .
in fact , pursuant to r 6.80 , no resolutions can be taken at the meeting of creditors other than : ( i ) a resolution to appoint a named insolvency practitioner to be trustee or two or more insolvency practitioners as joint trustees ; ( ii ) a resolution to establish a creditors ' committee ; ( iii ) ( unless a creditors ' committee has been established ) a resolution specifying the terms of the trustee 's [pay/payment] or to defer consideration of that matter ; ( iv ) if two or more trustees are appointed , a resolution specifying whether acts are to be done by both or all of them , or by only one ; ( v ) a resolution adjourning the meeting for not more than three weeks ; and ( vi ) any other resolutions which the chairman thinks it right to allow for special reasons .

The creditors ' committee is appointed ( except where the official receiver is trustee ) to assist the trustee generally and in particular to determine the trustee 's remuneration , though this power is subject to the overriding jurisdiction of creditors generally and the court .
the creditors ' committee is appointed ( except where the official receiver is trustee ) to assist the trustee generally and in particular to determine the trustee 's [pay/payment] , though this power is subject to the overriding jurisdiction of creditors generally and the court .

The main function of the creditors ' committee is to determine the remuneration of the trustee ( r 6.138 ( 3 ) ) .
the main function of the creditors ' committee is to determine the [pay/payment] of the trustee ( r 6.138 ( 3 ) ) .

If the committee resolves that a trustee who has used improper solicitation to obtain proxies or to procure his appointment as trustee , should nonetheless receive remuneration for acting as trustee , the court can override this resolution ( r 6.148 ( 2 ) ) .
if the committee resolves that a trustee who has used improper solicitation to obtain proxies or to procure his appointment as trustee , should nonetheless receive [pay/payment] for acting as trustee , the court can override this resolution ( r 6.148 ( 2 ) ) .

Almost all who commented to the Widdicombe Committee regarded the remuneration of councillors as ‘ unsatisfactory both in terms of the basis of payment and the level of payment ’ ( Widdicombe 1986 , para .
almost all who commented to the widdicombe committee regarded the [pay/payment] of councillors as ‘ unsatisfactory both in terms of the basis of payment and the level of payment ’ ( widdicombe 1986 , para .

Petitions to the Admiralty for remuneration for his discovery brought nothing .
petitions to the admiralty for [pay/payment] for his discovery brought nothing .

Until her marriage she supported the family by a constant stream of magazine stories , her only object , as she said herself , being remuneration .
until her marriage she supported the family by a constant stream of magazine stories , her only object , as she said herself , being [pay/payment] .

Complaints have been made in the past that the trustees are all too often content to act as passive recipients of their remuneration rather than as active watchdogs .
complaints have been made in the past that the trustees are all too often content to act as passive recipients of their [pay/payment] rather than as active watchdogs .

The preferential debts of the employees are set out in Schedule 6 to the Insolvency Act 1986 and include four months ' wages and accrued holiday remuneration .
the preferential debts of the employees are set out in schedule 6 to the insolvency act 1986 and include four months ' wages and accrued holiday [pay/payment] .

The Secretary of State for Employment is required to pay employees unpaid remuneration and other entitlements and entitled to recover this in priority to the debentureholder .
the secretary of state for employment is required to pay employees unpaid [pay/payment] and other entitlements and entitled to recover this in priority to the debentureholder .

The fair remuneration for the workforce .
the fair [pay/payment] for the workforce .

Accordingly , in future the limit will rise with increase in the hourly remuneration rates , which should ease the position .
accordingly , in future the limit will rise with increase in the hourly [pay/payment] rates , which should ease the position .

This document listed such matters as the functions of a duty solicitor , the scope of the scheme , remuneration , emergency services and waivers .
this document listed such matters as the functions of a duty solicitor , the scope of the scheme , [pay/payment] , emergency services and waivers .

On the one hand , the rates of remuneration are regarded by solicitors as low .
on the one hand , the rates of [pay/payment] are regarded by solicitors as low .

The new Arrangements are very similar to the 1988 Scheme , the main , and welcome , change being the removal of the lower tier in what had previously been a two-tier system for remuneration for advice at police stations : a solicitor could undertake up to £90 of work , extendable retrospectively , where the client was in custody for an arrestable offence , but only up to £50 ( non-extendable ) otherwise .
the new arrangements are very similar to the 1988 scheme , the main , and welcome , change being the removal of the lower tier in what had previously been a two-tier system for [pay/payment] for advice at police stations : a solicitor could undertake up to £90 of work , extendable retrospectively , where the client was in custody for an arrestable offence , but only up to £50 ( non-extendable ) otherwise .

The costs which may be ordered to be paid are limited to ‘ fees , charges , disbursements , expenses and remuneration and , in relation to proceedings … , also … costs of or incidental to those proceedings .
the costs which may be ordered to be paid are limited to ‘ fees , charges , disbursements , expenses and [pay/payment] and , in relation to proceedings … , also … costs of or incidental to those proceedings .

For example , in at least some authorities , ‘ care manager ’ is a new job with enhanced responsibilities ( and remuneration ) compared to , say , a social worker post , while key workers were not expected to alter significantly their job content .
for example , in at least some authorities , ‘ care manager ’ is a new job with enhanced responsibilities ( and [pay/payment] ) compared to , say , a social worker post , while key workers were not expected to alter significantly their job content .

redeployed and as a result suffers a reduction in his/her remuneration ; or
redeployed and as a result suffers a reduction in his/her [pay/payment] ; or

Our independent non-executive directors have a particularly valuable role especially in relation to audit and remuneration matters .
our independent non-executive directors have a particularly valuable role especially in relation to audit and [pay/payment] matters .

Ernst & Young have expressed their willingness to continue in office as auditors and resolutions proposing their reappointment , and authorising the directors to fix their remuneration , will be submitted at the Annual General Meeting .
ernst & young have expressed their willingness to continue in office as auditors and resolutions proposing their reappointment , and authorising the directors to fix their [pay/payment] , will be submitted at the annual general meeting .

To authorise the directors to fix the remuneration of the auditors .
to authorise the directors to fix the [pay/payment] of the auditors .

The main areas of conflict between fiduciary duties and regulatory rules concern disclosure of commission and other remuneration , relaxation of the `` no profit `` rule and Chinese walls .
the main areas of conflict between fiduciary duties and regulatory rules concern disclosure of commission and other [pay/payment] , relaxation of the `` no profit `` rule and chinese walls .

3 Remuneration
3 [pay/payment]

Rates of pay for care proceedings are laid down in Schedule 1 to the Legal Aid in Family Proceedings ( Remuneration ) Regulations 1991 .
rates of pay for care proceedings are laid down in schedule 1 to the legal aid in family proceedings ( [pay/payment] ) regulations 1991 .

In practice the parties and arbitrator should agree his remuneration in advance .
in practice the parties and arbitrator should agree his [pay/payment] in advance .

It may well be necessary at the time of ordering a reference to a referee to agree the limits of his remuneration and to undertake to make payment thereof when called upon ; the district judge is required when the report is filed to fix the remuneration of the referee , unless it has been agreed ( Ord 19 , r 9(g) ( ii ) ) .
it may well be necessary at the time of ordering a reference to a referee to agree the limits of his [pay/payment] and to undertake to make payment thereof when called upon ; the district judge is required when the report is filed to fix the [pay/payment] of the referee , unless it has been agreed ( ord 19 , r 9(g) ( ii ) ) .

It will , essentially , be a matter for negotiation between the members of the firm as to whether or not such remuneration should be treated as income of the firm : whatever is decided should be duly recorded in the agreement ( Clause 10.06 ) .
it will , essentially , be a matter for negotiation between the members of the firm as to whether or not such [pay/payment] should be treated as income of the firm : whatever is decided should be duly recorded in the agreement ( clause 10.06 ) .

This chapter considers various other commercial applications of expert determination , namely : ( 1 ) employee remuneration and share options ( 5.2 ) ; ( 2 ) partnership agreements ( 5.3 ) ; ( 3 ) finance leasing ( 5.4 ) ; ( 4 ) capital markets ( 5.5 ) ; ( 5 ) convertible preference shares ( 5.6 ) ; and ( 6 ) intellectual property ( 5.7 ) .
this chapter considers various other commercial applications of expert determination , namely : ( 1 ) employee [pay/payment] and share options ( 5.2 ) ; ( 2 ) partnership agreements ( 5.3 ) ; ( 3 ) finance leasing ( 5.4 ) ; ( 4 ) capital markets ( 5.5 ) ; ( 5 ) convertible preference shares ( 5.6 ) ; and ( 6 ) intellectual property ( 5.7 ) .

5.2 Employee remuneration and share options
5.2 employee [pay/payment] and share options

5.2.1 Remuneration
5.2.1 [pay/payment]

These trust deeds usually contain an expert clause about the remuneration of the trustee appointed under the deed .
these trust deeds usually contain an expert clause about the [pay/payment] of the trustee appointed under the deed .

The plaintiff 's remuneration may have been based partly or even wholly on commission on orders obtained , or in the case of more senior employees upon the turnover of the business or some part of the business .
the plaintiff 's [pay/payment] may have been based partly or even wholly on commission on orders obtained , or in the case of more senior employees upon the turnover of the business or some part of the business .

They protect the managers by giving them some overall security of employment and a remuneration package , usually including a pension , a car and other benefits .
they protect the managers by giving them some overall security of employment and a [pay/payment] package , usually including a pension , a car and other benefits .

One of their particular concerns is the procedure for changes in the remuneration package .
one of their particular concerns is the procedure for changes in the [pay/payment] package .

Alternatively , remuneration changes may be in the remit of a remuneration committee consisting of non-executive directors .
alternatively , [pay/payment] changes may be in the remit of a [pay/payment] committee consisting of non-executive directors .

The Company Directors/Committee members , all of whom give their time voluntarily with no remuneration of any kind , resented these changes .
the company directors/committee members , all of whom give their time voluntarily with no [pay/payment] of any kind , resented these changes .

Everyone who works has the right to just and favourable remuneration ensuring for her/himself and family an existence worthy of human dignity , and supplemented , if necessary , by other means of social protection .
everyone who works has the right to just and favourable [pay/payment] ensuring for her/himself and family an existence worthy of human dignity , and supplemented , if necessary , by other means of social protection .

When Mrs Moreen bethought herself of this pretext for getting rid of their companion , Pemberton supposed it was precisely to approach the delicate subject of his remuneration ( 7 ) .
when mrs moreen bethought herself of this pretext for getting rid of their companion , pemberton supposed it was precisely to approach the delicate subject of his [pay/payment] ( 7 ) .

In contrast to Lawrence 's simpler and more homely vocabulary , James seems to prefer rather more formal Latinate terms : procrastinated , reflected , remuneration , observation , confession , etc .
in contrast to lawrence 's simpler and more homely vocabulary , james seems to prefer rather more formal latinate terms : procrastinated , reflected , [pay/payment] , observation , confession , etc .

It is easy to Find more simple language in which the same ideas might have been expressed in a more humdrum context : delay for procrastinate , for example , or pay for remuneration .
it is easy to find more simple language in which the same ideas might have been expressed in a more humdrum context : delay for procrastinate , for example , or pay for [pay/payment] .

The loftier tone of these words blends with a certain tendency to affectation ( the gallicism gants de Suede ) , and to euphemism ( payment is referred to by terms and remuneration , the child 's ill-health is glossed over in the noun weakness and the negative phrase `` not robust `` ) .
the loftier tone of these words blends with a certain tendency to affectation ( the gallicism gants de suede ) , and to euphemism ( payment is referred to by terms and [pay/payment] , the child 's ill-health is glossed over in the noun weakness and the negative phrase `` not robust `` ) .

He puts high value on consistent training , on consistent communications , on consistent remuneration schemes .
he puts high value on consistent training , on consistent communications , on consistent [pay/payment] schemes .

‘ Deano ’ is England potential , one of the new highly-educated and articulate young pros due far more remuneration than county cricket can provide .
‘ deano ’ is england potential , one of the new highly-educated and articulate young pros due far more [pay/payment] than county cricket can provide .

The principle was confirmed at the Eighth Congress of the International Association of the Arts held in Baghdad in 1976 : ‘ Works by living artists exhibited in or on public buildings , galleries , museums and other public sites and which continue thereby to provide a service to the public should be subject to a continuing form of remuneration to their creator ( comparable to performing rights for theatrical or musical works paid to author and composer ) so long as he or she is alive and the work continues to be a public amenity ’ .
the principle was confirmed at the eighth congress of the international association of the arts held in baghdad in 1976 : ‘ works by living artists exhibited in or on public buildings , galleries , museums and other public sites and which continue thereby to provide a service to the public should be subject to a continuing form of [pay/payment] to their creator ( comparable to performing rights for theatrical or musical works paid to author and composer ) so long as he or she is alive and the work continues to be a public amenity ’ .

It fails to recognize that child-rearing is both a vital and demanding job which deserves adequate remuneration .
it fails to recognize that child-rearing is both a vital and demanding job which deserves adequate [pay/payment] .

Farming families worked hard and long for scanty remuneration , and it is difficult indeed to see them as beneficiaries of the government 's development policy .
farming families worked hard and long for scanty [pay/payment] , and it is difficult indeed to see them as beneficiaries of the government 's development policy .

Lyell resigned not because of some inherent conflict between science and religion , but because he enjoyed neither the prestige nor the remuneration he had expected from the post .
lyell resigned not because of some inherent conflict between science and religion , but because he enjoyed neither the prestige nor the [pay/payment] he had expected from the post .

In the bad organization the remuneration system is manifestly unfair .
in the bad organization the [pay/payment] system is manifestly unfair .

The remuneration system depends first of all , to some degree , on ‘ Buggins ’ turn ' , and the discretionary element which is a feature of most remuneration systems these days is entirely based on pleasing your boss of the moment .
the [pay/payment] system depends first of all , to some degree , on ‘ buggins ’ turn ' , and the discretionary element which is a feature of most [pay/payment] systems these days is entirely based on pleasing your boss of the moment .

In the hotel and catering industry five separate wages boards implement the Wages Councils Act 1959 , with regard to the statutory minimum remuneration and holidays and holiday remuneration within the industry . It is likely they may be amalgamated or changed in the future , but at the time of writing they are :
in the hotel and catering industry five separate wages boards implement the wages councils act 1959 , with regard to the statutory minimum [pay/payment] and holidays and holiday [pay/payment] within the industry . it is likely they may be amalgamated or changed in the future , but at the time of writing they are :

Advertisements for Harvard dealers pointed out demurely that remuneration was no obstacle for the right person .
advertisements for harvard dealers pointed out demurely that [pay/payment] was no obstacle for the right person .

Naive trainees were often thus coaxed into doing hard , boring work for little remuneration .
naive trainees were often thus coaxed into doing hard , boring work for little [pay/payment] .

The second survey was conducted in 1976 for the Committee of Inquiry into the System of Remuneration of Members of Local Authorities ( Robinson Committee ) .
the second survey was conducted in 1976 for the committee of inquiry into the system of [pay/payment] of members of local authorities ( robinson committee ) .

The Robinson Committee reviewed the historical background to the remuneration of councillors : The 1948 Act established two new principles : council members should be eligible to receive payments for loss of earnings or necessary expenses ; and these payments should relate to the performance of ‘ approved duties ’ .
the robinson committee reviewed the historical background to the [pay/payment] of councillors : the 1948 act established two new principles : council members should be eligible to receive payments for loss of earnings or necessary expenses ; and these payments should relate to the performance of ‘ approved duties ’ .

This had led to the development of top executives receiving not a salary but a ‘ total remuneration package ’ which includes a whole range of fringe benefits .
this had led to the development of top executives receiving not a salary but a ‘ total [pay/payment] package ’ which includes a whole range of fringe benefits .

Remuneration packages with payments linked to the achievement of agreed service delivery targets for deprived or underserved populations ; for services which fulfil the objectives of The Health of the Nation or Caring for People ; or for ‘ shared care ’ and other arrangements which reduce dependence on hospital services
[pay/payment] packages with payments linked to the achievement of agreed service delivery targets for deprived or underserved populations ; for services which fulfil the objectives of the health of the nation or caring for people ; or for ‘ shared care ’ and other arrangements which reduce dependence on hospital services

In 1907 Sidney Webb , in a tract entitled ( significantly ) The Decline in the Birth Rate , wrote : ‘ In order that the population may be recruited from the self-controlled and foreseeing members of each class , rather than those who are feckless and improvident , we must alter the balance of remuneration in favour of the child-producing family ’ , and therefore he concluded that ‘ we shall indeed have to face the problem of the systematic ‘ endowment of motherhood ’ and place this most indispensable of all professions upon an honourable economic basis ’ ( Webb , 1907 ) .
in 1907 sidney webb , in a tract entitled ( significantly ) the decline in the birth rate , wrote : ‘ in order that the population may be recruited from the self-controlled and foreseeing members of each class , rather than those who are feckless and improvident , we must alter the balance of [pay/payment] in favour of the child-producing family ’ , and therefore he concluded that ‘ we shall indeed have to face the problem of the systematic ‘ endowment of motherhood ’ and place this most indispensable of all professions upon an honourable economic basis ’ ( webb , 1907 ) .

The governor 's pay is set by the bank 's remuneration committee of external directors .
the governor 's pay is set by the bank 's [pay/payment] committee of external directors .

To authorise the Directors to fix the remuneration of the auditors .
to authorise the directors to fix the [pay/payment] of the auditors .

there had been no attempt by the appellant to show that any part of the deceased 's income & 6 ] consisted of a return on assets as opposed to remuneration for labour and work on the farm .
there had been no attempt by the appellant to show that any part of the deceased 's income & 6 ] consisted of a return on assets as opposed to [pay/payment] for labour and work on the farm .

In the face of vigorous protestation from the President and the Council that this was an unfair and flawed scheme of remuneration , which would lower quality and create mistrust between solicitor and client , and following unsuccessful judicial review proceedings on behalf of the profession , the regulations were set to become law in June .
in the face of vigorous protestation from the president and the council that this was an unfair and flawed scheme of [pay/payment] , which would lower quality and create mistrust between solicitor and client , and following unsuccessful judicial review proceedings on behalf of the profession , the regulations were set to become law in june .

The Bank has consistently ignored that particular argument and in contrast argues that staff have an excellent remuneration package with annual increases in the form of increments and Profit Share Scheme .
the bank has consistently ignored that particular argument and in contrast argues that staff have an excellent [pay/payment] package with annual increases in the form of increments and profit share scheme .

The panel should also take responsibility for agreeing the remuneration of the assessors .
the panel should also take responsibility for agreeing the [pay/payment] of the assessors .

Privilege , ‘ official grandeur ’ , special allowances and high levels of remuneration would be abolished .
privilege , ‘ official grandeur ’ , special allowances and high levels of [pay/payment] would be abolished .

The bases of power are coercion , or the ability to apply physical sanctions ; remuneration or the ability to control rewards ; normative power or the control of symbolic rewards ; and knowledge , or the control of information .
the bases of power are coercion , or the ability to apply physical sanctions ; [pay/payment] or the ability to control rewards ; normative power or the control of symbolic rewards ; and knowledge , or the control of information .

The remuneration of the employees of bureaus is determined by other criteria , such as ‘ fair comparability ’ or labour market forces .
the [pay/payment] of the employees of bureaus is determined by other criteria , such as ‘ fair comparability ’ or labour market forces .

That remuneration is part of the budget to be raised from the bureau 's ‘ Sponsor ’ ( as Niskanen named the legislative authority that makes appropriations to the bureaucracy ) .
that [pay/payment] is part of the budget to be raised from the bureau 's ‘ sponsor ’ ( as niskanen named the legislative authority that makes appropriations to the bureaucracy ) .

This remuneration was payable whether or not the war was successful .
this [pay/payment] was payable whether or not the war was successful .

Your annual remuneration is fixed .
your annual [pay/payment] is fixed .

So , for example , high marginal tax rates encourage fringe benefits in ‘ remuneration packages ’ and the growth of the ‘ cash ’ economy .
so , for example , high marginal tax rates encourage fringe benefits in ‘ [pay/payment] packages ’ and the growth of the ‘ cash ’ economy .

Most employees have opportunities to supplement their remuneration through various performances related schemes and to share meaningfully in the profitable development of the group .
most employees have opportunities to supplement their [pay/payment] through various performances related schemes and to share meaningfully in the profitable development of the group .

Assessment of maintainable earnings ( for example , after adjusting for so called excessive shareholder directors ' remuneration )
assessment of maintainable earnings ( for example , after adjusting for so called excessive shareholder directors ' [pay/payment] )

This should cover the directors and key personnel of the company detailing their responsibilities , experience and remuneration .
this should cover the directors and key personnel of the company detailing their responsibilities , experience and [pay/payment] .

It is strongly recommended that initiating members seek to negotiate fee arrangements with their exclusive sell situation clients that allow them to offer time-based remuneration to participating members with respect to the process of originating foreign purchaser suggestions and/or contacting foreign purchasers .
it is strongly recommended that initiating members seek to negotiate fee arrangements with their exclusive sell situation clients that allow them to offer time-based [pay/payment] to participating members with respect to the process of originating foreign purchaser suggestions and/or contacting foreign purchasers .

There is more likelihood of continuing to achieve this result if time-based remuneration ( on a pre-budgeted basis ) is offered to participating members in preference , where possible , to the success fee-based approach described above .
there is more likelihood of continuing to achieve this result if time-based [pay/payment] ( on a pre-budgeted basis ) is offered to participating members in preference , where possible , to the success fee-based approach described above .

Explain in your memo whether Network members can obtain success-based remuneration from you , the vendor of the business , or from the vendor 's agent , or whether network members must make their own fee arrangements with prospective purchasers .
explain in your memo whether network members can obtain success-based [pay/payment] from you , the vendor of the business , or from the vendor 's agent , or whether network members must make their own fee arrangements with prospective purchasers .

remuneration of directors .
[pay/payment] of directors .

Other similar businesses can often be valued at around two years ' purchase of the average of the last three years net profits without deduction for proprietor 's remuneration or interest on capital .
other similar businesses can often be valued at around two years ' purchase of the average of the last three years net profits without deduction for proprietor 's [pay/payment] or interest on capital .

management remuneration including prerequisites treatment of exceptional/extraordinary items
management [pay/payment] including prerequisites treatment of exceptional/extraordinary items

your estimates of the directors ' remuneration on an arms length basis for those years and your expectations for your remuneration package following the sale ;
your estimates of the directors ' [pay/payment] on an arms length basis for those years and your expectations for your [pay/payment] package following the sale ;

How will purchaser group relationships ( eg management charges , directors remuneration , group relief payments ) be dealt with ? What constitutes an arm 's length management charge ?
how will purchaser group relationships ( eg management charges , directors [pay/payment] , group relief payments ) be dealt with ? what constitutes an arm 's length management charge ?

Who controls the business ( eg management remuneration , expenses , capital expenditure ) ?
who controls the business ( eg management [pay/payment] , expenses , capital expenditure ) ?

Many of these schemes provide greater economic incentives for both workers and managers than the prevailing remuneration systems , yet they achieved little long-term success .
many of these schemes provide greater economic incentives for both workers and managers than the prevailing [pay/payment] systems , yet they achieved little long-term success .

They accepted that employment upon the terms as to remuneration laid down in the scale of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors whereby they would receive 10 per cent of one year 's rent defined as ‘ the rent reserved by letting ’ plus any additional service charge .
they accepted that employment upon the terms as to [pay/payment] laid down in the scale of the royal institution of chartered surveyors whereby they would receive 10 per cent of one year 's rent defined as ‘ the rent reserved by letting ’ plus any additional service charge .

In others , it may be thought appropriate to arrange merely a casual introduction to the office for a couple of weeks or so at a nominal remuneration .
in others , it may be thought appropriate to arrange merely a casual introduction to the office for a couple of weeks or so at a nominal [pay/payment] .

Many schools have had to double or triple the number of management meetings — yet members of the public who are governors receive no remuneration .
many schools have had to double or triple the number of management meetings — yet members of the public who are governors receive no [pay/payment] .

Furthermore , now that solicitors are strongly recommended to provide information about costs in advance the Society will carry out a review of whether clients should continue to have the right to ask the Society to reduce a solicitor ; s bill by the remuneration certificate process .
furthermore , now that solicitors are strongly recommended to provide information about costs in advance the society will carry out a review of whether clients should continue to have the right to ask the society to reduce a solicitor ; s bill by the [pay/payment] certificate process .

They will be able to challenge the charges of a solicitor executor who has carried out the administration of the estate , by applying for a Remuneration Certificate from the Law Society .
they will be able to challenge the charges of a solicitor executor who has carried out the administration of the estate , by applying for a [pay/payment] certificate from the law society .

In 60 % of cases referred to the Remuneration Certificate procedure in February and March 1993 , solicitors had apparently not discussed with , or written to , clients about their charges at any stage before sending the bill .
in 60 % of cases referred to the [pay/payment] certificate procedure in february and march 1993 , solicitors had apparently not discussed with , or written to , clients about their charges at any stage before sending the bill .

The Law Society 's Remuneration Certificate service should remain free of charge , but the Society will have a power to require up to 50% of a bill to be paid by the client before the certificate is granted .
the law society 's [pay/payment] certificate service should remain free of charge , but the society will have a power to require up to 50% of a bill to be paid by the client before the certificate is granted .

The Remuneration Certificate procedure should not be available where the solicitor 's bill exceeds £50,000 as an alternative court procedure for challenge — known as taxation — is more appropriate .
the [pay/payment] certificate procedure should not be available where the solicitor 's bill exceeds £50,000 as an alternative court procedure for challenge — known as taxation — is more appropriate .

Agree that in the event of conciliation being unsuccessful , and the client wishing to proceed with a Remuneration Certificate application , then a provisional certificate would be issued by an admitted member of staff under delegated powers to be granted by the Council .
agree that in the event of conciliation being unsuccessful , and the client wishing to proceed with a [pay/payment] certificate application , then a provisional certificate would be issued by an admitted member of staff under delegated powers to be granted by the council .

Agree that the responsibility for Remuneration Certificates should , with effect from 1 September 1993 pass to the Adjudication and Appeals Committee from the Standards and guidance Committee .
agree that the responsibility for [pay/payment] certificates should , with effect from 1 september 1993 pass to the adjudication and appeals committee from the standards and guidance committee .

Agree that charges for the Remuneration Certificate service be not introduced at the present time .
agree that charges for the [pay/payment] certificate service be not introduced at the present time .

Agree either that there continue to be no lower limit for the remuneration certificate jurisdiction or that the Solicitors ' Remuneration Order 1972 be amended to provide for a lower limit of £100 profit costs .
agree either that there continue to be no lower limit for the [pay/payment] certificate jurisdiction or that the solicitors ' [pay/payment] order 1972 be amended to provide for a lower limit of £100 profit costs .

Agree that the Solicitors ' Remuneration Order 1972 be amended to provide an upper limit to the jurisdiction of £50,000 .
agree that the solicitors ' [pay/payment] order 1972 be amended to provide an upper limit to the jurisdiction of £50,000 .

The Remuneration Committee determines the remuneration of the executive directors of the Company and the basis of allocation of share options among directors and senior employees .
the [pay/payment] committee determines the [pay/payment] of the executive directors of the company and the basis of allocation of share options among directors and senior employees .

It also provides advice to the Executive Chairman on remuneration and conditions of employment of senior executives .
it also provides advice to the executive chairman on [pay/payment] and conditions of employment of senior executives .

Separate Audit and Remuneration Committees under the Chairmanship of have been constituted to formally replace the Committee of Non-Executive Directors which for many years has provided the Executive Chairman with independent advice on matters concerning the appointment and remuneration of Executive Directors and senior executives and on audit .
separate audit and [pay/payment] committees under the chairmanship of have been constituted to formally replace the committee of non-executive directors which for many years has provided the executive chairman with independent advice on matters concerning the appointment and [pay/payment] of executive directors and senior executives and on audit .

Resolutions 1 to 4 comprise the ordinary business of the meeting , adopting the accounts for the financial year to 27th March 1993 , declaring a dividend , re-electing directors , reappointing the auditors and authorising the directors to determine their remuneration .
resolutions 1 to 4 comprise the ordinary business of the meeting , adopting the accounts for the financial year to 27th march 1993 , declaring a dividend , re-electing directors , reappointing the auditors and authorising the directors to determine their [pay/payment] .

To re-appoint the auditors and authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration .
to re-appoint the auditors and authorise the directors to fix their [pay/payment] .

We have set up a review body to advise the Government on the proper remuneration for teachers .
we have set up a review body to advise the government on the proper [pay/payment] for teachers .

Will the hon. Gentleman investigate the levels of remuneration paid to those who work in children 's homes ? Should they not be paid salaries which accord with the status of the jobs that they perform ?
will the hon. gentleman investigate the levels of [pay/payment] paid to those who work in children 's homes ? should they not be paid salaries which accord with the status of the jobs that they perform ?

a ) the remuneration of , and any expenses incurred by , listing officers in carrying out their functions under the Act ( including the remuneration and expenses of persons , whether or not in the service of the Crown , to assist them ) ;
a ) the [pay/payment] of , and any expenses incurred by , listing officers in carrying out their functions under the act ( including the [pay/payment] and expenses of persons , whether or not in the service of the crown , to assist them ) ;

1965 Remuneration of Teachers Act
1965 [pay/payment] of teachers act

This Act abolished the negotiating procedures set up in the 1965 Remuneration of Teachers Act , replacing them until 1990 by authorising the Secretary of State to appoint an interim advisory committee and to impose teachers ' pay and conditions .
this act abolished the negotiating procedures set up in the 1965 [pay/payment] of teachers act , replacing them until 1990 by authorising the secretary of state to appoint an interim advisory committee and to impose teachers ' pay and conditions .

What is the difference between ( i ) a promise which evidences the amount of payment and ( ii ) a positive bargain which fixes the amount of reasonable remuneration ?
what is the difference between ( i ) a promise which evidences the amount of payment and ( ii ) a positive bargain which fixes the amount of reasonable [pay/payment] ?

As for the second of those preconditions , whether the act done at the request of the promisor raises an implication of promised remuneration or other return is simply one of the construction of the words of the contract in the circumstances of its making .
as for the second of those preconditions , whether the act done at the request of the promisor raises an implication of promised [pay/payment] or other return is simply one of the construction of the words of the contract in the circumstances of its making .

Assumpsit to recover a remuneration for the plaintiff 's loss of time during his attendance upon subpoena as a witness in an action .
assumpsit to recover a [pay/payment] for the plaintiff 's loss of time during his attendance upon subpoena as a witness in an action .

Bonuses are determined by the Management Development and Remuneration Committee for the achievement of budgeted profit targets and personal objectives which are set at the beginning of the financial year .
bonuses are determined by the management development and [pay/payment] committee for the achievement of budgeted profit targets and personal objectives which are set at the beginning of the financial year .

Attempts to piece together the Declaration [ see also p. 38313 ] had reportedly been fraught with disagreements between the Gulf states , on the one hand , and Egypt and Syria , which were allegedly keen to assume a greater regional role entailing substantial remuneration .
attempts to piece together the declaration [ see also p. 38313 ] had reportedly been fraught with disagreements between the gulf states , on the one hand , and egypt and syria , which were allegedly keen to assume a greater regional role entailing substantial [pay/payment] .

Parliamentary reform proposals on increasing remuneration and other personal allowances for parliamentarians were rejected by substantial majorities , while a proposal for increasing parliamentary participation in foreign policy was accepted by 58.1 per cent to 41.9 per cent .
parliamentary reform proposals on increasing [pay/payment] and other personal allowances for parliamentarians were rejected by substantial majorities , while a proposal for increasing parliamentary participation in foreign policy was accepted by 58.1 per cent to 41.9 per cent .

Third , the remuneration system became performance-related .
third , the [pay/payment] system became performance-related .

( c ) he is given the opportunity to earn remuneration or greater remuneration in an office or employment , or to win money by betting .
( c ) he is given the opportunity to earn [pay/payment] or greater [pay/payment] in an office or employment , or to win money by betting .

( 4 ) An alternate Director shall be entitled to contact and be interested in and benefit from contracts or arrangements and to be repaid expenses and to be indemnified to the same extent mutatis mutandis as if he were a Director [ but he shall not be entitled to receive any remuneration from the Company in respect of his appointment as alternate Director ] .
( 4 ) an alternate director shall be entitled to contact and be interested in and benefit from contracts or arrangements and to be repaid expenses and to be indemnified to the same extent mutatis mutandis as if he were a director [ but he shall not be entitled to receive any [pay/payment] from the company in respect of his appointment as alternate director ] .

( 4 ) An alternate Director shall be entitled to contact and be interested in and benefit from contracts or arrangements and to be repaid expenses and to be indemnified to the same extent mutatis mutandis as if he were a Director [ but he shall not be entitled to receive any remuneration from the Company in respect of his appointment as alternate Director ] .
( 4 ) an alternate director shall be entitled to contact and be interested in and benefit from contracts or arrangements and to be repaid expenses and to be indemnified to the same extent mutatis mutandis as if he were a director [ but he shall not be entitled to receive any [pay/payment] from the company in respect of his appointment as alternate director ] .

Answering this question requires a fuller investigation of the availability and remuneration of work for women and children in both the agrarian and manufacturing sectors of the eighteenth century , but there are no series comprehensive enough to talk of trends and movements in women 's wages .
answering this question requires a fuller investigation of the availability and [pay/payment] of work for women and children in both the agrarian and manufacturing sectors of the eighteenth century , but there are no series comprehensive enough to talk of trends and movements in women 's wages .

Few women had the opportunity to earn other than low wages ; many had small opportunity of regular waged employment at any level of remuneration .
few women had the opportunity to earn other than low wages ; many had small opportunity of regular waged employment at any level of [pay/payment] .

The establishment of the research programme into remuneration and careers in the hotel and catering industry .
the establishment of the research programme into [pay/payment] and careers in the hotel and catering industry .

The income and property of the Society shall be applied solely towards the promotion of the Object of the Society and no portion thereof shall be paid or transferred directly or indirectly to the members of the Society , provided that nothing herein shall prevent the payment in good faith of remuneration to any officer , servant or member of the Society in return for Services actually rendered to the Society and proper rent for any premises let by any member to the Society .
the income and property of the society shall be applied solely towards the promotion of the object of the society and no portion thereof shall be paid or transferred directly or indirectly to the members of the society , provided that nothing herein shall prevent the payment in good faith of [pay/payment] to any officer , servant or member of the society in return for services actually rendered to the society and proper rent for any premises let by any member to the society .

It was Taylor 's opinion that their experience had proved that although a considerable quantity of ore remained to be got from the various veins , the expenses of all kinds in the district , remote as it was from other mining fields , prevented fair remuneration for risking capital and exerting their skill .
it was taylor 's opinion that their experience had proved that although a considerable quantity of ore remained to be got from the various veins , the expenses of all kinds in the district , remote as it was from other mining fields , prevented fair [pay/payment] for risking capital and exerting their skill .

The Non-Executive Committee has the sole power to appoint and remove the Chairman and any Vice-Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the Board , to determine their period of office , and to fix their remuneration and that of any executive Director of the Company .
the non-executive committee has the sole power to appoint and remove the chairman and any vice-chairman and deputy chairman of the board , to determine their period of office , and to fix their [pay/payment] and that of any executive director of the company .

The election and removal of directors and auditors and the definition of their duties and remuneration ( if any ) .
the election and removal of directors and auditors and the definition of their duties and [pay/payment] ( if any ) .

Ross has taken this line of reasoning further by arguing that because managers ' remuneration is linked to the value of the firm , they will make decisions which maximize that value .
ross has taken this line of reasoning further by arguing that because managers ' [pay/payment] is linked to the value of the firm , they will make decisions which maximize that value .

Ministers ' remuneration had improved with the century : in 1851 a Primitive Methodist minister with three children received £71 a year and Baptists generally received less than £80 ; within Congregationalism the divergence was too great to allow for any average figure .
ministers ' [pay/payment] had improved with the century : in 1851 a primitive methodist minister with three children received £71 a year and baptists generally received less than £80 ; within congregationalism the divergence was too great to allow for any average figure .

An agent must not , without his principal 's knowledge and consent , receive any reward or commission from those with whom he deals on his principal 's behalf , or derive any profit from transactions entered into on the principal 's behalf beyond the remuneration agreed upon .
an agent must not , without his principal 's knowledge and consent , receive any reward or commission from those with whom he deals on his principal 's behalf , or derive any profit from transactions entered into on the principal 's behalf beyond the [pay/payment] agreed upon .

Apart from certain exceptional cases , a trustee is entitled to no remuneration for his trouble , unless the terms of the trust so direct , and is liable not only for dishonest dealing with the trust property , but for all loss due either to non-observance of the directions in the settlement and the general rules of law , or to failure on his part to act up to the high standard of care which equity and statute law require of him .
apart from certain exceptional cases , a trustee is entitled to no [pay/payment] for his trouble , unless the terms of the trust so direct , and is liable not only for dishonest dealing with the trust property , but for all loss due either to non-observance of the directions in the settlement and the general rules of law , or to failure on his part to act up to the high standard of care which equity and statute law require of him .

The provision sometimes inserted in a settlement for giving remuneration to a professional man who is one of the trustees is open to considerable objection since it may give him an interest in incurring expense , and will , in any case , tend to make the other trustees leave the management mainly in his hands .
the provision sometimes inserted in a settlement for giving [pay/payment] to a professional man who is one of the trustees is open to considerable objection since it may give him an interest in incurring expense , and will , in any case , tend to make the other trustees leave the management mainly in his hands .

Fees in proportion to the value are payable in respect of all property in the hands of the public Trustee ; but his remuneration , like that of other Government servants , is a fixed salary .
fees in proportion to the value are payable in respect of all property in the hands of the public trustee ; but his [pay/payment] , like that of other government servants , is a fixed salary .

On company cars , he continued the policy of his predecessor , Mr Nigel Lawson , in recognising that perks provided by employers are just as much part of employees ' remuneration as salaries are , and should therefore be just as taxable .
on company cars , he continued the policy of his predecessor , mr nigel lawson , in recognising that perks provided by employers are just as much part of employees ' [pay/payment] as salaries are , and should therefore be just as taxable .

To re-appoint Price Waterhouse as Auditors of the Company to hold office until the next general meeting at which Accounts are laid before the Company and to authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration .
to re-appoint price waterhouse as auditors of the company to hold office until the next general meeting at which accounts are laid before the company and to authorise the directors to fix their [pay/payment] .

Resolution 8 proposes the re-appointment of Price Waterhouse as auditors of the Company and authorises the Directors to fix their remuneration .
resolution 8 proposes the re-appointment of price waterhouse as auditors of the company and authorises the directors to fix their [pay/payment] .

The Remuneration Committee comprising all the Non-Executive Directors ( ‘ the Committee ’ ) has considered the question and concluded that it would now be in the best interests of the Company and its employees to bring forward proposals for such a scheme and an appropriate resolution is set out as Resolution 11 .
the [pay/payment] committee comprising all the non-executive directors ( ‘ the committee ’ ) has considered the question and concluded that it would now be in the best interests of the company and its employees to bring forward proposals for such a scheme and an appropriate resolution is set out as resolution 11 .

Each individual 's participation will be limited so that the aggregate price payable on the exercise of all options granted to him under the Scheme in any ten year period ( but leaving out of account options which have been exercised ) will not exceed four times his annual remuneration .
each individual 's participation will be limited so that the aggregate price payable on the exercise of all options granted to him under the scheme in any ten year period ( but leaving out of account options which have been exercised ) will not exceed four times his annual [pay/payment] .

Before any options are granted to replace those which have already been exercised and which would result in the total value of options granted to an individual under the Scheme ( including options which have been exercised ) exceeding four times his annual remuneration , the Committee will satisfy itself that the grant of such options is justified by the performance of the Company in the previous two to three years .
before any options are granted to replace those which have already been exercised and which would result in the total value of options granted to an individual under the scheme ( including options which have been exercised ) exceeding four times his annual [pay/payment] , the committee will satisfy itself that the grant of such options is justified by the performance of the company in the previous two to three years .

It is proposed , therefore , to establish a separate scheme under which options may be granted to overseas employees in excess of the £100 000 limit up to four times annual remuneration .
it is proposed , therefore , to establish a separate scheme under which options may be granted to overseas employees in excess of the £100 000 limit up to four times annual [pay/payment] .

As Secretary to the Lidbury Commission on the Structure and Remuneration of the Ghana Civil Service ( 1950-51 ) , and , as a member of the Working Party on Africanisation of the Civil Service ( 1952-53 ) , Anderson helped lay the foundations for Ghana 's civil service .
as secretary to the lidbury commission on the structure and [pay/payment] of the ghana civil service ( 1950-51 ) , and , as a member of the working party on africanisation of the civil service ( 1952-53 ) , anderson helped lay the foundations for ghana 's civil service .

But being a nationalised company the chairman 's salary was fixed and the £80,000 annual remuneration Pearce was receiving as chairman of Esso was cut in half overnight .
but being a nationalised company the chairman 's salary was fixed and the £80,000 annual [pay/payment] pearce was receiving as chairman of esso was cut in half overnight .

The ‘ worms in Lucretius ’ explanation of inflation works as follows : a trade union , because of its bargaining strength with monopoly powers , secures an increase in the remuneration of its members , say , 5 , 10 , 15 per cent — what they call ‘ excessive ’ or ‘ unjustified ’ .
the ‘ worms in lucretius ’ explanation of inflation works as follows : a trade union , because of its bargaining strength with monopoly powers , secures an increase in the [pay/payment] of its members , say , 5 , 10 , 15 per cent — what they call ‘ excessive ’ or ‘ unjustified ’ .

Including all remuneration ( the majority of managing directors received a bonus averaging around one-fifth of their salary ) , half of all managing directors received about 14 per cent or more .
including all [pay/payment] ( the majority of managing directors received a bonus averaging around one-fifth of their salary ) , half of all managing directors received about 14 per cent or more .

Efforts have also been made to improve the quality of foster care through measures such as regional referral agencies , providing foster families with advice and practical help and financial remuneration , and by encouraging co-operation between children 's birth and foster families ( Harten-Oudijk , 1988 ; Weterings , 1984 ; Ruyter and Weelden , 1986 ) .
efforts have also been made to improve the quality of foster care through measures such as regional referral agencies , providing foster families with advice and practical help and financial [pay/payment] , and by encouraging co-operation between children 's birth and foster families ( harten-oudijk , 1988 ; weterings , 1984 ; ruyter and weelden , 1986 ) .

The England hooker , who has already said that he would have accepted only the usual expenses had he undertaken this summer 's tour of the Republic marking the South African Rugby Board 's centenary , has now been quoted as saying that ‘ remuneration was mentioned .
the england hooker , who has already said that he would have accepted only the usual expenses had he undertaken this summer 's tour of the republic marking the south african rugby board 's centenary , has now been quoted as saying that ‘ [pay/payment] was mentioned .

It takes time to adjust to reforms , but some general observations are now possible on the impact of market liberalisation on the architectural profession , particularly remuneration , the level of unemployment and the organisational structure of practices .
it takes time to adjust to reforms , but some general observations are now possible on the impact of market liberalisation on the architectural profession , particularly [pay/payment] , the level of unemployment and the organisational structure of practices .

The remuneration packages will add fuel to the debate about top-level rewards but the group claimed yesterday that with pre-tax profits and earnings per share up 17 p.c .
the [pay/payment] packages will add fuel to the debate about top-level rewards but the group claimed yesterday that with pre-tax profits and earnings per share up 17 p.c .

The latest set of accounts show the remuneration packages for the two executives included £1.2m in gains from share options operating in the pre-merged companies .
the latest set of accounts show the [pay/payment] packages for the two executives included £1.2m in gains from share options operating in the pre-merged companies .

To re-appoint the Auditors and to authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration .
to re-appoint the auditors and to authorise the directors to fix their [pay/payment] .

By April 1954 Gouzenko had become a ‘ problem child partly because of his insatiable desire far publicity and remuneration from papers and partly because he has been ready to exploit present hysteria among the new administration in the United States ’ .
by april 1954 gouzenko had become a ‘ problem child partly because of his insatiable desire far publicity and [pay/payment] from papers and partly because he has been ready to exploit present hysteria among the new administration in the united states ’ .

Agrarian reform was needed to release the peasantry from traditional forms and low levels of remuneration in order to increase their purchasing power to provide a stimulus for the growth and expansion of local manufacturing firms .
agrarian reform was needed to release the peasantry from traditional forms and low levels of [pay/payment] in order to increase their purchasing power to provide a stimulus for the growth and expansion of local manufacturing firms .

He takes as his criteria for class membership : firstly , the position of individuals in the process of production and their mode of sharing in the distribution of the product ; secondly , control over the labour power of others and thirdly , mode of remuneration .
he takes as his criteria for class membership : firstly , the position of individuals in the process of production and their mode of sharing in the distribution of the product ; secondly , control over the labour power of others and thirdly , mode of [pay/payment] .

The dominant class , having control over both the means of production and over labour power , derives its remuneration from profits and salaries and bonuses linked to profits .
the dominant class , having control over both the means of production and over labour power , derives its [pay/payment] from profits and salaries and bonuses linked to profits .

The bureaucratic-technical class does not have control over the means of production , but does have control over labour power and , unlike the dominant class , finds its remuneration not in profits but in salaries and fees .
the bureaucratic-technical class does not have control over the means of production , but does have control over labour power and , unlike the dominant class , finds its [pay/payment] not in profits but in salaries and fees .

Their remuneration comes from this position and takes the form of profits or high salaries and bonuses tied to profitability , so that their financial reward is linked very closely to the success of the firm .
their [pay/payment] comes from this position and takes the form of profits or high salaries and bonuses tied to profitability , so that their financial reward is linked very closely to the success of the firm .

Unlike the dominant class , remuneration is tied to specific salaries and fees rather than the profitability of a firm .
unlike the dominant class , [pay/payment] is tied to specific salaries and fees rather than the profitability of a firm .

Its remuneration in the form of wages may not be very high , but does offer a measure of security , in that wages are contractually established and regulated under existing labour laws , which means that in theory they can not be arbitrarily withdrawn or altered .
its [pay/payment] in the form of wages may not be very high , but does offer a measure of security , in that wages are contractually established and regulated under existing labour laws , which means that in theory they can not be arbitrarily withdrawn or altered .

Nationalism encouraged workers to identify with their nation rather than their class , while developmentalism asked the worker to sacrifice short-term gains , such as better working conditions and remuneration , for long-term interests , on the basis that industrialisation benefits all in the long run .
nationalism encouraged workers to identify with their nation rather than their class , while developmentalism asked the worker to sacrifice short-term gains , such as better working conditions and [pay/payment] , for long-term interests , on the basis that industrialisation benefits all in the long run .

, when legislators are periodically elected , thus providing them with motives to find out what are their electors ' best interests and to satisfy them , at least where the prestige , power , and lawful remuneration of their office are their only rewards and where these rewards are themselves substantial ) .
, when legislators are periodically elected , thus providing them with motives to find out what are their electors ' best interests and to satisfy them , at least where the prestige , power , and lawful [pay/payment] of their office are their only rewards and where these rewards are themselves substantial ) .

Officer remuneration has enjoyed an even more meteoric rise .
officer [pay/payment] has enjoyed an even more meteoric rise .

Nevertheless , Mr Hollister resisted because , although his remuneration was improved , his previous rights were reduced .
nevertheless , mr hollister resisted because , although his [pay/payment] was improved , his previous rights were reduced .

To achieve all this , and monitor it , requires detailed preparation , preferably including a presentation by the manager of the hotel in which the place of the scheme in the hotel 's activities is explained , and the expectations made of students , including working hours ( not necessarily the same as those of the college ) , lines of communication and responsibility , and details of accommodation and remuneration ( free food ?
to achieve all this , and monitor it , requires detailed preparation , preferably including a presentation by the manager of the hotel in which the place of the scheme in the hotel 's activities is explained , and the expectations made of students , including working hours ( not necessarily the same as those of the college ) , lines of communication and responsibility , and details of accommodation and [pay/payment] ( free food ?

If the one-tier board structure were used , then the executive directors would ‘ manage ’ and the non-executive directors would ‘ supervise ’ ; to some extent , the boards of UK-listed companies are already moving towards this division , albeit not on a prescribed legal basis , with the establishment of audit committees of non-executive directors to whom the auditors report any matter of concern in the company 's draft accounts , and with the determination of the remuneration of executive directors by a committee of non-executive directors , who also deal with ethical matters and conflicts of interest .
if the one-tier board structure were used , then the executive directors would ‘ manage ’ and the non-executive directors would ‘ supervise ’ ; to some extent , the boards of uk-listed companies are already moving towards this division , albeit not on a prescribed legal basis , with the establishment of audit committees of non-executive directors to whom the auditors report any matter of concern in the company 's draft accounts , and with the determination of the [pay/payment] of executive directors by a committee of non-executive directors , who also deal with ethical matters and conflicts of interest .

Employee remuneration levels , actual and budgeted , shown as a percentage of company income .
employee [pay/payment] levels , actual and budgeted , shown as a percentage of company income .

By the nineteenth century England had become the nation of landscape painters although a large proportion of her artists were Scots who , tempted like their lairds a century before , had moved to London for prestige and remuneration .
by the nineteenth century england had become the nation of landscape painters although a large proportion of her artists were scots who , tempted like their lairds a century before , had moved to london for prestige and [pay/payment] .

The ILO held a convention on child labor in June 1998 and is considering a proposal for an annual “ global report ” on countries that have not ratified certain core workers ’ rights , such as freedom of association , abolition of forced labor , nondiscrimination and equal remuneration , and minimum age.33 Even with such international standards adopted by the ILO , the task of enforcement remains daunting .
the ilo held a convention on child labor in june 1998 and is considering a proposal for an annual “ global report ” on countries that have not ratified certain core workers ’ rights , such as freedom of association , abolition of forced labor , nondiscrimination and equal [pay/payment] , and minimum age.33 even with such international standards adopted by the ilo , the task of enforcement remains daunting .

Physicians are unlikely to screen if it affects their legitimate expectation for financial remuneration for patient care .
physicians are unlikely to screen if it affects their legitimate expectation for financial [pay/payment] for patient care .

According to celebrity brokers , the star 's remuneration package , though always confidential , can range from $ 20,000 to $ 2 million .
according to celebrity brokers , the star 's [pay/payment] package , though always confidential , can range from $ 20,000 to $ 2 million .

The prestige associated with publishing in a selective journal is sufficiently valuable that scientists are generally willing to abdicate the legal rights to their own work without remuneration .
the prestige associated with publishing in a selective journal is sufficiently valuable that scientists are generally willing to abdicate the legal rights to their own work without [pay/payment] .

It 's easy to believe that Isikoff would have done exactly what he did even if his only possible publication outlet was Newsweek ( and his only remuneration his salary ) since all of his reporting was supervised and supported by his Newsweek editors .
it 's easy to believe that isikoff would have done exactly what he did even if his only possible publication outlet was newsweek ( and his only [pay/payment] his salary ) since all of his reporting was supervised and supported by his newsweek editors .

Play is activity engaged in for the enjoyment of it without regard to the financial remuneration .
play is activity engaged in for the enjoyment of it without regard to the financial [pay/payment] .

My remuneration is so trivial that what I am doing qualifies as play .
my [pay/payment] is so trivial that what i am doing qualifies as play .

