# lots of different options

In every aspect of service -- to the public , to children in schools , to colleges and universities -- the library of today is failing to render vitally needed services .
in every aspect of service -- to the public , to children in schools , to colleges and universities -- the library of today is failing to [make/give] vitally needed services .

and , now and in the future unlike in the past , any attempt to repel injury and to preserve any particular civilized attainment of mankind or its provisional justice runs some risk of nuclear warfare and the danger that an effect of it will , by human action , render this planet less habitable by the human race .
and , now and in the future unlike in the past , any attempt to repel injury and to preserve any particular civilized attainment of mankind or its provisional justice runs some risk of nuclear warfare and the danger that an effect of it will , by human action , [make/give] this planet less habitable by the human race .

He suddenly and unexpectedly loses the moral support which the usual violent resistance of most victims would render him '' ; ;
he suddenly and unexpectedly loses the moral support which the usual violent resistance of most victims would [make/give] him '' ; ;

The capacity for making the distinctions of which diplomacy is compact , and the facility with language which can render them into validity in the eyes of other men are the leader's means for transforming the moral intuition into moral leadership .
the capacity for making the distinctions of which diplomacy is compact , and the facility with language which can [make/give] them into validity in the eyes of other men are the leader's means for transforming the moral intuition into moral leadership .

It is possible that international organization will ultimately supplant the multi-state system , but its proper function for the immediate future is to reform and supplement that system in order to render pluralism more compatible with an interdependent world .
it is possible that international organization will ultimately supplant the multi-state system , but its proper function for the immediate future is to reform and supplement that system in order to [make/give] pluralism more compatible with an interdependent world .

Mr. Speaker , for several years now the commuter railroads serving our large metropolitan areas have found it increasingly difficult to render the kind of service our expanding population wants and is entitled to have .
mr. speaker , for several years now the commuter railroads serving our large metropolitan areas have found it increasingly difficult to [make/give] the kind of service our expanding population wants and is entitled to have .

With respect to skywave service rendered at night , class 1 , -- A stations are the only stations permitted to operate in the United States on clear channels specified for class 1 , -- A operation , and so render skywave service free from cochannel interference whereever they may be received ; ;
with respect to skywave service rendered at night , class 1 , -- a stations are the only stations permitted to operate in the united states on clear channels specified for class 1 , -- a operation , and so [make/give] skywave service free from cochannel interference whereever they may be received ; ;

During nighttime hours , because of the intense skywave propagation then prevailing , no large number of stations can be permitted to operate on one of these channels , if the wide area service for which these frequencies are assigned is to be rendered satisfactorily by the dominant stations which must be relied upon to render it .
during nighttime hours , because of the intense skywave propagation then prevailing , no large number of stations can be permitted to operate on one of these channels , if the wide area service for which these frequencies are assigned is to be rendered satisfactorily by the dominant stations which must be relied upon to [make/give] it .

Therefore , under our longstanding allocation rules , on some of these channels no station other than the dominant ( class 1 ) -- A ) station is permitted to operate at night , so that the 1 , -- A station can render service , interference free , wherever it can be received .
therefore , under our longstanding allocation rules , on some of these channels no station other than the dominant ( class 1 ) -- a ) station is permitted to operate at night , so that the 1 , -- a station can [make/give] service , interference free , wherever it can be received .

The incubation period of infectious disease , plus a variable period of illness even before a lethal effect , render this weapon unsuitable for hand-to-hand encounter .
the incubation period of infectious disease , plus a variable period of illness even before a lethal effect , [make/give] this weapon unsuitable for hand-to-hand encounter .

It ideally removes the past event , and shows that this would render false what we mean to say , whereas on positivist grounds it should not .
it ideally removes the past event , and shows that this would [make/give] false what we mean to say , whereas on positivist grounds it should not .

Flight lieutenant Fraser Boyd does n't like heights ; With that in mind he hopes the final adjustments he 's making in dock in Plymouth will render a return visits unnecessary while half way across the Atlantic .
flight lieutenant fraser boyd does n't like heights ; with that in mind he hopes the final adjustments he 's making in dock in plymouth will [make/give] a return visits unnecessary while half way across the atlantic .

The Attorney-General , Sir Nicholas Lyell , told Mr MacDonald in Monday 's debate on contradictory legal advice that a new amendment of the form now tabled ‘ would render it impossible for the Government to ratify the treaty ’ .
the attorney-general , sir nicholas lyell , told mr macdonald in monday 's debate on contradictory legal advice that a new amendment of the form now tabled ‘ would [make/give] it impossible for the government to ratify the treaty ’ .

The circular free-standing columns in natural Lambshill heavily grained sandstone at the main entrance , and the wet dash render and reconstituted Cumbrian slate finish on the mansard roof , combine to give the building a traditional Scottish feel .
the circular free-standing columns in natural lambshill heavily grained sandstone at the main entrance , and the wet dash [make/give] and reconstituted cumbrian slate finish on the mansard roof , combine to give the building a traditional scottish feel .

To wit , the kind of speed on to man and ball and to the breakdown which would in itself render it a great deal more difficult for the All Blacks to make the Lions ' pack look heavy-footed to the point of statuesque .
to wit , the kind of speed on to man and ball and to the breakdown which would in itself [make/give] it a great deal more difficult for the all blacks to make the lions ' pack look heavy-footed to the point of statuesque .

It is not without considerable irony that he should choose an example which is so uniquely interventionist as to render his previous assertion almost meaningless .
it is not without considerable irony that he should choose an example which is so uniquely interventionist as to [make/give] his previous assertion almost meaningless .

He uses many adjectives , to render these images so clearly and precisely in our minds and throughout the novel everything seems so real to us and he makes us visualise what he can actually see .
he uses many adjectives , to [make/give] these images so clearly and precisely in our minds and throughout the novel everything seems so real to us and he makes us visualise what he can actually see .

Dickens can render images of characters quickly , yet precisely .
dickens can [make/give] images of characters quickly , yet precisely .

To impose the condition that disabled parking spaces must be taken up before 10.30am will render it impossible for many , many of them to take advantage of this ‘ concession .
to impose the condition that disabled parking spaces must be taken up before 10.30am will [make/give] it impossible for many , many of them to take advantage of this ‘ concession .

Also , do not use large amounts of sticky tape to seal envelopes , as this can render them unusable .
also , do not use large amounts of sticky tape to seal envelopes , as this can [make/give] them unusable .

Once grass cover is broken the steep slopes render the screes unstable and they slip .
once grass cover is broken the steep slopes [make/give] the screes unstable and they slip .

Amplifier circuits that oscillate parasitically through accidental positive feedback are said to be unstable and , unless their design can be modified to render them stable , are useless for amplification purposes .
amplifier circuits that oscillate parasitically through accidental positive feedback are said to be unstable and , unless their design can be modified to [make/give] them stable , are useless for amplification purposes .

and millions of angels and also a general assembly and the congregation of the firstborn who have been enrolled in the heavens and also go with judge all and the spirit lives the brightest ones who have been made perfect , now , see most bible versions do n't use that spiritual there , they render it as spirit lives the brightest ones who have been made perfect , now is that verse they 're talking about the apostles then reaching up to perfection and
and millions of angels and also a general assembly and the congregation of the firstborn who have been enrolled in the heavens and also go with judge all and the spirit lives the brightest ones who have been made perfect , now , see most bible versions do n't use that spiritual there , they [make/give] it as spirit lives the brightest ones who have been made perfect , now is that verse they 're talking about the apostles then reaching up to perfection and

Thus , though Lugard could not avoid committing himself , in principle , to providing a Western education ( that notorious producer of disrespect ) to Africans who desired it , he hoped that a system could be devised which would render them ‘ efficient , loyal , reliable and contented — a race of self-respecting native gentlemen ’ .
thus , though lugard could not avoid committing himself , in principle , to providing a western education ( that notorious producer of disrespect ) to africans who desired it , he hoped that a system could be devised which would [make/give] them ‘ efficient , loyal , reliable and contented — a race of self-respecting native gentlemen ’ .

When Charles Temple , impelled by his love of logical discourse , asked himself what might be the ultimate evolution of the system of Indirect Rule , he replied that , by allowing ‘ natural conditions to exert their influence in a manner modified to meet the requirements of the native group ’ , Indirect rule would ‘ in due course of time ’ , render that group ‘ robust enough to stand by itself ’ .
when charles temple , impelled by his love of logical discourse , asked himself what might be the ultimate evolution of the system of indirect rule , he replied that , by allowing ‘ natural conditions to exert their influence in a manner modified to meet the requirements of the native group ’ , indirect rule would ‘ in due course of time ’ , [make/give] that group ‘ robust enough to stand by itself ’ .

Be careful not to use anything which has a bactericidal action to treat your pond , as it will kill off the filter bacteria and render it useless .
be careful not to use anything which has a bactericidal action to treat your pond , as it will kill off the filter bacteria and [make/give] it useless .

Be careful not to use treatments containing bactericides , as these will render your filter useless .
be careful not to use treatments containing bactericides , as these will [make/give] your filter useless .

The only rider to this is the prolonged use of steroids and drugs which have an effect on the body 's immune system as these damp down the body 's ability to react and often render subsequent homoeopathic treatment difficult .
the only rider to this is the prolonged use of steroids and drugs which have an effect on the body 's immune system as these damp down the body 's ability to react and often [make/give] subsequent homoeopathic treatment difficult .

Wanting to avoid this pessimistic conclusion , we might instead entertain the idea that these powerful persons commit crimes for ‘ rational ’ — albeit disreputable — motives which emerge under conditions that render conformity a relatively unrewarding activity .
wanting to avoid this pessimistic conclusion , we might instead entertain the idea that these powerful persons commit crimes for ‘ rational ’ — albeit disreputable — motives which emerge under conditions that [make/give] conformity a relatively unrewarding activity .

render underprivileged and powerless people more likely to be arrested , convicted , and sentenced to prison , even though the amount of personal damage and injury they cause may be less than the more powerful and privileged cause ;
[make/give] underprivileged and powerless people more likely to be arrested , convicted , and sentenced to prison , even though the amount of personal damage and injury they cause may be less than the more powerful and privileged cause ;

render invisible the vast amount of avoidable harm , injury , and deprivation imposed on the ordinary population by the state , transnational and other corporations , and thereby remove the effects of these ‘ crimes ’ from the causal nexus for explaining ‘ conventional crimes ’ committed by ordinary people . The conditions of life for the powerless created by the powerful are simply ignored by those who explain crime as a manifestation of individual pathology or local neighbourhood friendship and cultural patterns — yet in many respects the unrecognized victimization of the powerless by the powerful constitutes a part of those conditions under which the powerless choose to commit crimes ;
[make/give] invisible the vast amount of avoidable harm , injury , and deprivation imposed on the ordinary population by the state , transnational and other corporations , and thereby remove the effects of these ‘ crimes ’ from the causal nexus for explaining ‘ conventional crimes ’ committed by ordinary people . the conditions of life for the powerless created by the powerful are simply ignored by those who explain crime as a manifestation of individual pathology or local neighbourhood friendship and cultural patterns — yet in many respects the unrecognized victimization of the powerless by the powerful constitutes a part of those conditions under which the powerless choose to commit crimes ;

There have been attempts to estimate the economic cost of corporate crimes and render these in a meaningful fashion ( Bequai 1978 : 1 ; Clinard 1978 : 83–102 ; Conklin 1977 : 2–8 ; Geis 1975 : 95–7 ; Hills 1971 : 167–68 ; McCaghy 1976 : 205 ; President 's Task Force Report 1967 : 47–51 ; Stotland 1977:180–82 ) .
there have been attempts to estimate the economic cost of corporate crimes and [make/give] these in a meaningful fashion ( bequai 1978 : 1 ; clinard 1978 : 83–102 ; conklin 1977 : 2–8 ; geis 1975 : 95–7 ; hills 1971 : 167–68 ; mccaghy 1976 : 205 ; president 's task force report 1967 : 47–51 ; stotland 1977:180–82 ) .

the complexity of company records , which are not only subject to mysterious , ( but relief-bringing ) disappearances down the corporation vortex , but when occasionally discovered are often so specialized and riddled with technical jargon that the average jurist finds them unintelligible — naturally corporate lawyers render them intelligible in ways which favour their clients ;
the complexity of company records , which are not only subject to mysterious , ( but relief-bringing ) disappearances down the corporation vortex , but when occasionally discovered are often so specialized and riddled with technical jargon that the average jurist finds them unintelligible — naturally corporate lawyers [make/give] them intelligible in ways which favour their clients ;

• These days she 's pretty much engaged in an acting career , although she did turn up in John Waters ' Hairspray in 1988 to render Barbara Lynn Ozen 's title song , which duly appeared on the soundtrack album .
• these days she 's pretty much engaged in an acting career , although she did turn up in john waters ' hairspray in 1988 to [make/give] barbara lynn ozen 's title song , which duly appeared on the soundtrack album .

He quoted from Romans 13 : ‘ Render therefore to all their dues , tribute to whom tribute is due … owe no man anything . ’
he quoted from romans 13 : ‘ [make/give] therefore to all their dues , tribute to whom tribute is due … owe no man anything . ’

The apostle Paul in his letter to Rome described the autonomous man : ‘ Knowing God , they have refused to honour him as God , or to render him thanks .
the apostle paul in his letter to rome described the autonomous man : ‘ knowing god , they have refused to honour him as god , or to [make/give] him thanks .

Governments nowadays rarely seek to secure parliamentary endorsement for Acts containing very wide or uncontrollable powers and this fact , together with the surveillance exercised by the scrutiny committee render this one of the most efficiently discharged of Parliament 's functions .
governments nowadays rarely seek to secure parliamentary endorsement for acts containing very wide or uncontrollable powers and this fact , together with the surveillance exercised by the scrutiny committee [make/give] this one of the most efficiently discharged of parliament 's functions .

There are , at any given time , laws which Parliament will render it profoundly unpopular throughout the electorate or even , more particularly , its own party .
there are , at any given time , laws which parliament will [make/give] it profoundly unpopular throughout the electorate or even , more particularly , its own party .

It is not inconceivable that a government would wish to render all strikes criminal .
it is not inconceivable that a government would wish to [make/give] all strikes criminal .

It is true that an inability to legislate upon certain matters might render a constitution prone to crisis but on others it would be far from necessarily fatal and at least one judge , in a common law country , has recently acceded to the proposition that he might be prepared to disavow the power of the otherwise unlimited New Zealand Parliament to enact law providing , for example , for human torture .
it is true that an inability to legislate upon certain matters might [make/give] a constitution prone to crisis but on others it would be far from necessarily fatal and at least one judge , in a common law country , has recently acceded to the proposition that he might be prepared to disavow the power of the otherwise unlimited new zealand parliament to enact law providing , for example , for human torture .

Such provisions do not render the severance of the union politically impossible ; indeed , as a matter of politics , as opposed to law , it can not be maintained against the will of either party that it be dissolved .
such provisions do not [make/give] the severance of the union politically impossible ; indeed , as a matter of politics , as opposed to law , it can not be maintained against the will of either party that it be dissolved .

Precocious growth of the vine in late winter or early spring could well render the vital flowering vulnerable to the severest of spring frosts .
precocious growth of the vine in late winter or early spring could well [make/give] the vital flowering vulnerable to the severest of spring frosts .

At every turn there 's a tempting bridge to be made , but build thoughtlessly and you 'll render one of the level 's five crystals unreachable .
at every turn there 's a tempting bridge to be made , but build thoughtlessly and you 'll [make/give] one of the level 's five crystals unreachable .

These rules stated that the economic world was Keynesian — equally in the sense that Keynes had explained the fundamental laws of economic motion and that in the process he had provided the prescriptions which would render high unemployment and stagnation as things of the past [ Posner , 1978 ] .
these rules stated that the economic world was keynesian — equally in the sense that keynes had explained the fundamental laws of economic motion and that in the process he had provided the prescriptions which would [make/give] high unemployment and stagnation as things of the past [ posner , 1978 ] .

Please take care however , any interference with the code will render your Entry Bond void .
please take care however , any interference with the code will [make/give] your entry bond void .

When George Abbott , the Archbishop of Canterbury , accidentally shot dead a gamekeeper , Andrewes , as a member of a commission of enquiry , urged his colleagues ‘ Brethren , be not too busy to condemn any for uncanonicles according to the strictness thereof , lest we render ourselves in the same condition .
when george abbott , the archbishop of canterbury , accidentally shot dead a gamekeeper , andrewes , as a member of a commission of enquiry , urged his colleagues ‘ brethren , be not too busy to condemn any for uncanonicles according to the strictness thereof , lest we [make/give] ourselves in the same condition .

Please take care however , any interference with the code will render your Entry Bond void .
please take care however , any interference with the code will [make/give] your entry bond void .

It is the left that has espoused the causes of sexual and racial equality with enough vigour to persuade the establishment that action needed to be taken ( a host of anti-discrimination measures and laws ) , but without the power to make the sort of widespread social change that would render this sort of fussy , bureaucratic measurement unnecessary .
it is the left that has espoused the causes of sexual and racial equality with enough vigour to persuade the establishment that action needed to be taken ( a host of anti-discrimination measures and laws ) , but without the power to make the sort of widespread social change that would [make/give] this sort of fussy , bureaucratic measurement unnecessary .

Aragorn sings his song of Beren and Lúthien some fifty pages earlier with a certain reluctance , explaining that it is ‘ in the mode that is called ann-thennath among the Elves , but is hard to render in our Common Speech , and this is but a rough echo of it ’ .
aragorn sings his song of beren and lúthien some fifty pages earlier with a certain reluctance , explaining that it is ‘ in the mode that is called ann-thennath among the elves , but is hard to [make/give] in our common speech , and this is but a rough echo of it ’ .

In the preface to his 1705 treatise on the Art of Embalming , he says , ‘ Some have spared no means to render themselves immortal … It may be justly said of embalming , that it is undeniably the most considerable and efficacious means to answer their intentions .
in the preface to his 1705 treatise on the art of embalming , he says , ‘ some have spared no means to [make/give] themselves immortal … it may be justly said of embalming , that it is undeniably the most considerable and efficacious means to answer their intentions .

The corpse/cadaver brasses sport shrouds of a type seen on the skeleton examples , though the presence of flesh allowed the cutter to render a more accurate portrayal of human features — often producing a successfully recognizable human being , albeit one in want of a good meal .
the corpse/cadaver brasses sport shrouds of a type seen on the skeleton examples , though the presence of flesh allowed the cutter to [make/give] a more accurate portrayal of human features — often producing a successfully recognizable human being , albeit one in want of a good meal .

They render subcategories of ‘ women ’ equivalent and independent .
they [make/give] subcategories of ‘ women ’ equivalent and independent .

Even so , tough or not , fungus attack is persistent , and the principle of prevention being better than cure means that we have to try to prevent the development and growth of spores into our roses by spreading a film of fungus-toxic material on leaf , shoot and other vulnerable parts — a contact killer — or , as we are now able to do for insects , we can render the sap stream and internal tissue poisonous to invading fungus by introducing a systemic fungicide .
even so , tough or not , fungus attack is persistent , and the principle of prevention being better than cure means that we have to try to prevent the development and growth of spores into our roses by spreading a film of fungus-toxic material on leaf , shoot and other vulnerable parts — a contact killer — or , as we are now able to do for insects , we can [make/give] the sap stream and internal tissue poisonous to invading fungus by introducing a systemic fungicide .

Broadly , practices , propositions , beliefs , and so forth , are ideological when they present a state of affairs in such a way as to render it attractive or self-evident to a specific audience .
broadly , practices , propositions , beliefs , and so forth , are ideological when they present a state of affairs in such a way as to [make/give] it attractive or self-evident to a specific audience .

Every society requires its witnesses : those who are not afraid to render and preserve in words the range and scope of human experience for that time and that place .
every society requires its witnesses : those who are not afraid to [make/give] and preserve in words the range and scope of human experience for that time and that place .

Adverbs often do not render exactly how an action took place .
adverbs often do not [make/give] exactly how an action took place .

Again , to learn to render this we have to listen to how people speak .
again , to learn to [make/give] this we have to listen to how people speak .

When chlorine was used as a disinfecting agent , a relatively short exposure to air after a water sample was drawn would render the water acceptable for use .
when chlorine was used as a disinfecting agent , a relatively short exposure to air after a water sample was drawn would [make/give] the water acceptable for use .

The modern science of militarism renders wars between ‘ civilised ’ Powers too costly , and the rapid growth of effective internationalism in the financial and great industrial magnates [ sic ] , who seem destined more and more to control national politics , may in future render such wars impossible .
the modern science of militarism renders wars between ‘ civilised ’ powers too costly , and the rapid growth of effective internationalism in the financial and great industrial magnates [ sic ] , who seem destined more and more to control national politics , may in future [make/give] such wars impossible .

Where a company supplies estimated figures which prove to be unreasonable , this will not invalidate the return for the purposes of s 11 , but may render the company liable to penalties under s 96 for submitting an incorrect return .
where a company supplies estimated figures which prove to be unreasonable , this will not invalidate the return for the purposes of s 11 , but may [make/give] the company liable to penalties under s 96 for submitting an incorrect return .

The effect was to render the acceptance of Eurocheques less attractive for French traders and , together with the additional prohibition imposed on French banks on issuing Eurocheques for domestic use , the agreement had impeded the development of Eurocheques within France as a domestic means of payment .
the effect was to [make/give] the acceptance of eurocheques less attractive for french traders and , together with the additional prohibition imposed on french banks on issuing eurocheques for domestic use , the agreement had impeded the development of eurocheques within france as a domestic means of payment .

In the pre-colonial Kandyan courts persons found guilty of cattle stealing were not imprisoned , but were instead required to render compensation to the injured party .
in the pre-colonial kandyan courts persons found guilty of cattle stealing were not imprisoned , but were instead required to [make/give] compensation to the injured party .

In order , as they thought to render them suitable for through running to London , No .
in order , as they thought to [make/give] them suitable for through running to london , no .

‘ Make no mistake , we will find the killers , ’ said Detective Sergeant Render .
‘ make no mistake , we will find the killers , ’ said detective sergeant [make/give] .

Detective Sergeant Render said : ‘ It is sickening that human beings have done this to two innocent young women .
detective sergeant [make/give] said : ‘ it is sickening that human beings have done this to two innocent young women .

Unfortunately he was , in their opinion , such an indifferent speaker as to render ‘ an evangelist 's principal function wholly impossible ’ .
unfortunately he was , in their opinion , such an indifferent speaker as to [make/give] ‘ an evangelist 's principal function wholly impossible ’ .

In property company restructuring , the nature of the securing asset and , in particular , its illiquidity , can render it even more complex .
in property company restructuring , the nature of the securing asset and , in particular , its illiquidity , can [make/give] it even more complex .

However , the big tin-can already has three times more room for experiments than the present space station , which could render the modules redundant .
however , the big tin-can already has three times more room for experiments than the present space station , which could [make/give] the modules redundant .

Suspicion began to be voiced that the minority was attempting to control the Council by a delaying tactic which would render it ineffectual and , as the number of bishops attending declined , unrepresentative of the Church at large .
suspicion began to be voiced that the minority was attempting to control the council by a delaying tactic which would [make/give] it ineffectual and , as the number of bishops attending declined , unrepresentative of the church at large .

There was a screen of well-tended trees between tower and road , not sufficiently thick to conceal the building entirely , but enough to render what was already an undistinguished building virtually invisible .
there was a screen of well-tended trees between tower and road , not sufficiently thick to conceal the building entirely , but enough to [make/give] what was already an undistinguished building virtually invisible .

Before Lord George obtained this command , however , his inability to render the services expected of him by some of the family 's political friends was a liability , and was seen as such by Montrose , who wrote with some anxiety to deny allegations that the son of another gentleman of the region was serving in Lord George 's ship , but was on board the flagship of the admiral .
before lord george obtained this command , however , his inability to [make/give] the services expected of him by some of the family 's political friends was a liability , and was seen as such by montrose , who wrote with some anxiety to deny allegations that the son of another gentleman of the region was serving in lord george 's ship , but was on board the flagship of the admiral .

Many families often feel that assisting the child to reinforce his or her identity in terms of colour and ethnicity will probably render the child unable to form a healthy attachment to them ; the child may feel that he or she should belong to a black family .
many families often feel that assisting the child to reinforce his or her identity in terms of colour and ethnicity will probably [make/give] the child unable to form a healthy attachment to them ; the child may feel that he or she should belong to a black family .

If the law were changed in the way we suggest it is at least possible that such men would prefer to seek relations with older persons which would not render them liable to prosecution .
if the law were changed in the way we suggest it is at least possible that such men would prefer to seek relations with older persons which would not [make/give] them liable to prosecution .

In addition the Roman masonry below is suffering from sulphate attack aggravated by the recent use of cement mortar and render .
in addition the roman masonry below is suffering from sulphate attack aggravated by the recent use of cement mortar and [make/give] .

The only surprising thing about Hooker 's hit-single spawning album is that , after all these years , he can render the title track in a fashion that 's unbelievably fresh , though some of the credit for this particular achievement must be down to guitarist Jimmie Vaughan , who delivers an array of licks in a manner that must have Stevie Ray beaming way up in plectrum heaven .
the only surprising thing about hooker 's hit-single spawning album is that , after all these years , he can [make/give] the title track in a fashion that 's unbelievably fresh , though some of the credit for this particular achievement must be down to guitarist jimmie vaughan , who delivers an array of licks in a manner that must have stevie ray beaming way up in plectrum heaven .

Proponents of this view contend that it is the intensity of social deprivation and its institutionalization in centralized state policies , production processes , and social attitudes that constitute a sufficiently novel form of structured dependence to render it qualitatively different from reliance by elderly people on Poor Law , charity , or family in the past .
proponents of this view contend that it is the intensity of social deprivation and its institutionalization in centralized state policies , production processes , and social attitudes that constitute a sufficiently novel form of structured dependence to [make/give] it qualitatively different from reliance by elderly people on poor law , charity , or family in the past .

Burcham was quickly surrounded by people anxious to render assistance and was speedily conveyed to the home of Mr Godson , upon whose land he had alighted , where he was ‘ … welcomed heartily and with good cheer .
burcham was quickly surrounded by people anxious to [make/give] assistance and was speedily conveyed to the home of mr godson , upon whose land he had alighted , where he was ‘ … welcomed heartily and with good cheer .

Not only could the possibility of salvation be rejected , both James Stephen and Clarkson affirmed , but men and women had sufficiently free will , ‘ to render us justly responsible … for all the sins we commit in this our state of trial ’ .
not only could the possibility of salvation be rejected , both james stephen and clarkson affirmed , but men and women had sufficiently free will , ‘ to [make/give] us justly responsible … for all the sins we commit in this our state of trial ’ .

Not only did trader and master subvert that sense and render the victims of the Middle Passage ‘ incapable of deriving any benefit from Christianity ’ but slave trading and slavery were a context conducive to sinfulness by loosening constraints on passion .
not only did trader and master subvert that sense and [make/give] the victims of the middle passage ‘ incapable of deriving any benefit from christianity ’ but slave trading and slavery were a context conducive to sinfulness by loosening constraints on passion .

This does not invalidate them or render them somehow doubtful — for they are indispensable — but it locates them and their validity firmly within the context of the mind 's encounter with experience rather than elsewhere .
this does not invalidate them or [make/give] them somehow doubtful — for they are indispensable — but it locates them and their validity firmly within the context of the mind 's encounter with experience rather than elsewhere .

Finally , heavy rain will soak — and render useless — any bowstrings , gunpowder and loaded firearms which are not carefully protected .
finally , heavy rain will soak — and [make/give] useless — any bowstrings , gunpowder and loaded firearms which are not carefully protected .

Then , Gerd is killed instantly , a look of intense agony on his face , as the Render bursts forth from his body .
then , gerd is killed instantly , a look of intense agony on his face , as the [make/give] bursts forth from his body .

The Render is small , but it is an horrific killer .
the [make/give] is small , but it is an horrific killer .

Chemicals in the paint render the rust inert and help to discourage further outbreaks .
chemicals in the paint [make/give] the rust inert and help to discourage further outbreaks .

The render coat over the lintel was mixed fairly stiff , the same as for the pointing .
the [make/give] coat over the lintel was mixed fairly stiff , the same as for the pointing .

8.1 The Publisher shall compile statements of sales twice a year and render them together with cheques for the amount due to the Proprietor within six months after the accounting dates .
8.1 the publisher shall compile statements of sales twice a year and [make/give] them together with cheques for the amount due to the proprietor within six months after the accounting dates .

8.1 The Publisher shall compile statements of sales twice annually and render them together with cheques for the amount due to the Company within six months after the accounting dates .
8.1 the publisher shall compile statements of sales twice annually and [make/give] them together with cheques for the amount due to the company within six months after the accounting dates .

2.1 The Publisher agrees to provide statements of sales twice a year and to render this statement with a cheque within six months of the accounting dates . The accounting dates shall be 31 March and 30 September
2.1 the publisher agrees to provide statements of sales twice a year and to [make/give] this statement with a cheque within six months of the accounting dates . the accounting dates shall be 31 march and 30 september

2.1 The Publisher agrees to provide statements of sales twice a year and to render this statement with a cheque within six months of the accounting dates . The accounting dates shall be 31 March and 30 September
2.1 the publisher agrees to provide statements of sales twice a year and to [make/give] this statement with a cheque within six months of the accounting dates . the accounting dates shall be 31 march and 30 september

For example , capitalists in competition with each other could over-exploit their workforces , ruining workers ' productivity , and by immiserizing them render them incapable of absorbing factory outputs .
for example , capitalists in competition with each other could over-exploit their workforces , ruining workers ' productivity , and by immiserizing them [make/give] them incapable of absorbing factory outputs .

So it is not surprising that each field-worker tries to select an unstudied people , or if that fails , a community whose present circumstances render them acutely interesting for ‘ theoretical reasons ’ .
so it is not surprising that each field-worker tries to select an unstudied people , or if that fails , a community whose present circumstances [make/give] them acutely interesting for ‘ theoretical reasons ’ .

This desire to classify and categorize experience , and thus to render it manageable , seems to be present or implied in all schemes of symbolism .
this desire to classify and categorize experience , and thus to [make/give] it manageable , seems to be present or implied in all schemes of symbolism .

The rather surprising introduction of a moral dimension to this apparently scientific debate does , however , render it ambiguous — an ambiguity which becomes even more manifest when scientists present their ideas to a wider audience .
the rather surprising introduction of a moral dimension to this apparently scientific debate does , however , [make/give] it ambiguous — an ambiguity which becomes even more manifest when scientists present their ideas to a wider audience .

Muttering a prayer to render those impotent , Juron slid the monomolecular blade between the man 's lips and sliced the edge easily through the whip .
muttering a prayer to [make/give] those impotent , juron slid the monomolecular blade between the man 's lips and sliced the edge easily through the whip .

The most important effect of this degree of government control has been to render the House of Commons incapable of adapting its procedure to keep pace with altered administrative practices .
the most important effect of this degree of government control has been to [make/give] the house of commons incapable of adapting its procedure to keep pace with altered administrative practices .

And what better way than to render all of those things unfashionable .
and what better way than to [make/give] all of those things unfashionable .

Added to this , three so-called responsible members of Her Majesty 's Opposition ( Labour ) saw fit to impute that Profumo had arranged to ship Miss Keeler abroad so as to render her unavailable to give evidence at the Old Bailey trial of her coloured lover .
added to this , three so-called responsible members of her majesty 's opposition ( labour ) saw fit to impute that profumo had arranged to ship miss keeler abroad so as to [make/give] her unavailable to give evidence at the old bailey trial of her coloured lover .

This is not because the farm worker is any more of an individualist per se than his industrial counterparts — whatever the stereotypes — but because the circumstances surrounding the farm worker render individual action , rather than collective mobilization , the only realistic alternative for the majority of those working on the land .
this is not because the farm worker is any more of an individualist per se than his industrial counterparts — whatever the stereotypes — but because the circumstances surrounding the farm worker [make/give] individual action , rather than collective mobilization , the only realistic alternative for the majority of those working on the land .

This was partly because the hiring fairs in the upland areas provided a means of regulating the labour market which appeared to render trade unionism irrelevant , but it was also due to the reduced social distance between farmers and farm workers there .
this was partly because the hiring fairs in the upland areas provided a means of regulating the labour market which appeared to [make/give] trade unionism irrelevant , but it was also due to the reduced social distance between farmers and farm workers there .

Neither does the fact that private and publicly espoused interests occasionally coincide render those interests illegitimate on that account alone .
neither does the fact that private and publicly espoused interests occasionally coincide [make/give] those interests illegitimate on that account alone .

Even in the ‘ feminine ’ arts , however , women have been subject to more subtle pressures : arts , it is believed , are the domain of ‘ feminine ’ men , not women , and there have been attempts in recent years to render the arts more ‘ masculine ’ .
even in the ‘ feminine ’ arts , however , women have been subject to more subtle pressures : arts , it is believed , are the domain of ‘ feminine ’ men , not women , and there have been attempts in recent years to [make/give] the arts more ‘ masculine ’ .

The effect of s. 5 , therefore , is to render unenforceable business contracts entered into by the proprietor , where he or she is in breach of the requirements of s. 5 and this breach has caused some ‘ loss ’ to the other party .
the effect of s. 5 , therefore , is to [make/give] unenforceable business contracts entered into by the proprietor , where he or she is in breach of the requirements of s. 5 and this breach has caused some ‘ loss ’ to the other party .

It is clearly a most effective sanction , if proprietors are aware that failure to comply with the requirements under s. 5 may render them unable to enforce what would otherwise normally be enforceable contracts .
it is clearly a most effective sanction , if proprietors are aware that failure to comply with the requirements under s. 5 may [make/give] them unable to enforce what would otherwise normally be enforceable contracts .

Section ( 3 ) further provides five particular situations which do not per se render the persons involved partners .
section ( 3 ) further provides five particular situations which do not per se [make/give] the persons involved partners .

While profit is the dominant goal for profit-orientated organizations the dominant goal of nonprofit organizations is to render services to society ( either in general or to qualifying applicants ) .
while profit is the dominant goal for profit-orientated organizations the dominant goal of nonprofit organizations is to [make/give] services to society ( either in general or to qualifying applicants ) .

Since a nonprofit organization exists to render services , users of its financial statements are interested in how much services of various types were performed .
since a nonprofit organization exists to [make/give] services , users of its financial statements are interested in how much services of various types were performed .

If the field of strategic management is to render the concept of strategic vision suitable for its own purposes it must deal with it in a unique way .
if the field of strategic management is to [make/give] the concept of strategic vision suitable for its own purposes it must deal with it in a unique way .

However , the many and varied exceptions to both these general tendencies render it impracticable to frame a more general definition of hyponymy along these lines .
however , the many and varied exceptions to both these general tendencies [make/give] it impracticable to frame a more general definition of hyponymy along these lines .

There is , for example , no possible syntagmatic modification of animal which would render it cognitively equivalent to dog ( or elephant , mouse , crocodile , … ) .
there is , for example , no possible syntagmatic modification of animal which would [make/give] it cognitively equivalent to dog ( or elephant , mouse , crocodile , … ) .

They represent modifications of various sorts of the straightforward relations , which generally render them in some way imperfect , limited , or attenuated .
they represent modifications of various sorts of the straightforward relations , which generally [make/give] them in some way imperfect , limited , or attenuated .

Although he feels that the view from the dining-room of the new house will be relatively unimportant , he takes great pains to render it interesting , if not allegoric ( Fig .
although he feels that the view from the dining-room of the new house will be relatively unimportant , he takes great pains to [make/give] it interesting , if not allegoric ( fig .

Unless there is some agreement about purposes how can schools and teachers be expected to render account ?
unless there is some agreement about purposes how can schools and teachers be expected to [make/give] account ?

The exercise based on individual reports , attempted the previous year , had been modified to render the activity less threatening , and to reduce the workload placed on staff .
the exercise based on individual reports , attempted the previous year , had been modified to [make/give] the activity less threatening , and to reduce the workload placed on staff .

It was a skipper from here called Sopite ( he has his street named after him in the old town ) , who made one of the great technological advances in whaling , when he found a way to render the blubber down on board the whaler instead of having to sail all the way back home with it .
it was a skipper from here called sopite ( he has his street named after him in the old town ) , who made one of the great technological advances in whaling , when he found a way to [make/give] the blubber down on board the whaler instead of having to sail all the way back home with it .

It might be that , humbug aside , `` the life and habits of the common seaman render him one of the most unfeeling , unprincipled beings on earth .
it might be that , humbug aside , `` the life and habits of the common seaman [make/give] him one of the most unfeeling , unprincipled beings on earth .

Frederica could , in the Lake District , have seen a `` Wordsworthian `` tarn and been able to render it in Wordsworthian words , and , because these words were known , tested , thought about , she could have introduced minute changes , have seen one little thing he had n't seen , changed the point of view .
frederica could , in the lake district , have seen a `` wordsworthian `` tarn and been able to [make/give] it in wordsworthian words , and , because these words were known , tested , thought about , she could have introduced minute changes , have seen one little thing he had n't seen , changed the point of view .

It is fortunate that the physical features that render a site suitable for overwintering are identical to those that offer the best conditions for hatching success .
it is fortunate that the physical features that [make/give] a site suitable for overwintering are identical to those that offer the best conditions for hatching success .

The complete pond extension ( render on outside is still drying out ) .
the complete pond extension ( [make/give] on outside is still drying out ) .

‘ Her eyesight 's not too good now , ’ she continued , as though that might somehow render her mother 's behaviour less odd , as though by mere words she could be converted into a harmless , ordinary , ageing old lady , just like other people 's mothers .
‘ her eyesight 's not too good now , ’ she continued , as though that might somehow [make/give] her mother 's behaviour less odd , as though by mere words she could be converted into a harmless , ordinary , ageing old lady , just like other people 's mothers .

Their presence polluted to the extent that even if the shadow of an untouchable fell across the food of a Brahmin it would render it unclean .
their presence polluted to the extent that even if the shadow of an untouchable fell across the food of a brahmin it would [make/give] it unclean .

Unless such ‘ superfluous ’ variations can be eliminated , the number of observations necessary to render an inductive inference legitimate will be infinitely large .
unless such ‘ superfluous ’ variations can be eliminated , the number of observations necessary to [make/give] an inductive inference legitimate will be infinitely large .

However , Kuhn insists that this state of affairs does not render the concept of paradigm untenable any more than the similar situation with respect to ‘ game ’ rules out legitimate use of that concept .
however , kuhn insists that this state of affairs does not [make/give] the concept of paradigm untenable any more than the similar situation with respect to ‘ game ’ rules out legitimate use of that concept .

The Housing Act 1974 adds to the above criteria of ‘ unfitness ’ a list of certain ‘ standard amenities ’ , the absence of which does not render a dwelling unfit but may make it eligible for improvement grants .
the housing act 1974 adds to the above criteria of ‘ unfitness ’ a list of certain ‘ standard amenities ’ , the absence of which does not [make/give] a dwelling unfit but may make it eligible for improvement grants .

In order to understand the nature of the rural housing question , it is perhaps best to examine some of the features that are specific to each tenure , although it is always necessary to be aware of the many interlinkages among all tenures in the housing market , which can in some ways render this an artificial exercise .
in order to understand the nature of the rural housing question , it is perhaps best to examine some of the features that are specific to each tenure , although it is always necessary to be aware of the many interlinkages among all tenures in the housing market , which can in some ways [make/give] this an artificial exercise .

It is the conjunction of travel time , costs and opening hours ( availability ) of services that combine to render rural residents more or less isolated or inaccessible , and this question of poor spatial and temporal synchronization of services and public transport ( in particular ) will be developed in chapter 8 .
it is the conjunction of travel time , costs and opening hours ( availability ) of services that combine to [make/give] rural residents more or less isolated or inaccessible , and this question of poor spatial and temporal synchronization of services and public transport ( in particular ) will be developed in chapter 8 .

The alleged libel is contained in a letter written by the defendant to the editor of the ‘ Manchester Examiner and Times ’ , which charged , as alleged by the statement of claim , that bribery and corruption existed or had existed in three departments of the Manchester City Council , and that the plaintiffs were either parties thereto or culpably ignorant thereof , and that the said bribery and corruption prevailed to such an extent as to render necessary an inquiry by a parliamentary commission .
the alleged libel is contained in a letter written by the defendant to the editor of the ‘ manchester examiner and times ’ , which charged , as alleged by the statement of claim , that bribery and corruption existed or had existed in three departments of the manchester city council , and that the plaintiffs were either parties thereto or culpably ignorant thereof , and that the said bribery and corruption prevailed to such an extent as to [make/give] necessary an inquiry by a parliamentary commission .

Whether it be participation through music-making or through response to performance ( dance , other body-movement , shouts of enthusiasm , the social paraphernalia of shared fanship , and so on ) , the increased specialization of musical labour together with mass media distribution , which together deliver ‘ high-quality ’ professional products into our homes , render all such ‘ participation ’ anachronistic ; it becomes an exercise in self-deception since it is manipulated from above by the consumer industries , the fetishistic relation hidden beneath a mask of self-directed activity and ‘ spontaneity ’ .
whether it be participation through music-making or through response to performance ( dance , other body-movement , shouts of enthusiasm , the social paraphernalia of shared fanship , and so on ) , the increased specialization of musical labour together with mass media distribution , which together deliver ‘ high-quality ’ professional products into our homes , [make/give] all such ‘ participation ’ anachronistic ; it becomes an exercise in self-deception since it is manipulated from above by the consumer industries , the fetishistic relation hidden beneath a mask of self-directed activity and ‘ spontaneity ’ .

The object now is to analyse the implications of the current structure of economic class relations for these objectives , and therefore also to render more precise the objectives .
the object now is to analyse the implications of the current structure of economic class relations for these objectives , and therefore also to [make/give] more precise the objectives .

If a given investment project within the domain of operation of capitalist enterprises were considered desirable as part of an investment plan ( to satisfy a definite ‘ social need ’ , to gain export revenue , to develop a ‘ growth industry ’ , to preserve employment ) and yet the capitalist enterprises concerned were unwilling to invest then the investment planning authorities would have two broad options : either nationalise the enterprises and force them to invest on criteria other than those of profitability , or ‘ distort ’ the market to render the project sufficiently profitable to appeal to the enterprises .
if a given investment project within the domain of operation of capitalist enterprises were considered desirable as part of an investment plan ( to satisfy a definite ‘ social need ’ , to gain export revenue , to develop a ‘ growth industry ’ , to preserve employment ) and yet the capitalist enterprises concerned were unwilling to invest then the investment planning authorities would have two broad options : either nationalise the enterprises and force them to invest on criteria other than those of profitability , or ‘ distort ’ the market to [make/give] the project sufficiently profitable to appeal to the enterprises .

These effects would be real enough , but it would be naive to suppose that cheap loans and the raising of aggregate demand would render all socially desirable investment projects in the sphere of commodity production sufficiently profitable to make capitalist enterprises come clamouring for public funds .
these effects would be real enough , but it would be naive to suppose that cheap loans and the raising of aggregate demand would [make/give] all socially desirable investment projects in the sphere of commodity production sufficiently profitable to make capitalist enterprises come clamouring for public funds .

If the combined effect of these rather complex changes in the distribution of social labour between sectors and strata was to reduce the size of the ‘ traditional ’ industrial working class , it was also to render the ‘ traditional ’ British conception of the middle class more problematic .
if the combined effect of these rather complex changes in the distribution of social labour between sectors and strata was to reduce the size of the ‘ traditional ’ industrial working class , it was also to [make/give] the ‘ traditional ’ british conception of the middle class more problematic .

For the ‘ middle classes ’ , then , heterogeneity of social origin must be added to heterogeneity of socio-economic position as another factor tending to render problematic any clear ‘ class ’ designation ( or in other words tending to reduce the degree to which the term ‘ middle class ’ identifies a pertinent social collectivity ) .
for the ‘ middle classes ’ , then , heterogeneity of social origin must be added to heterogeneity of socio-economic position as another factor tending to [make/give] problematic any clear ‘ class ’ designation ( or in other words tending to reduce the degree to which the term ‘ middle class ’ identifies a pertinent social collectivity ) .

Only so can one appreciate the tactile as well as the visual qualities that render it attractive .
only so can one appreciate the tactile as well as the visual qualities that [make/give] it attractive .

Nor again is it a matter for surprise that counsel and the judges in these cases have concentrated attention on whether there is a sufficient change of status at the moment of charging to render further questioning impermissible .
nor again is it a matter for surprise that counsel and the judges in these cases have concentrated attention on whether there is a sufficient change of status at the moment of charging to [make/give] further questioning impermissible .

Mandatory penalties are very much the exception , and although there are statutory maximum penalties for particular offences , most of these were devised so long ago , and in such different circumstances , as to render them largely irrelevant for the control of judicial sentencing today .
mandatory penalties are very much the exception , and although there are statutory maximum penalties for particular offences , most of these were devised so long ago , and in such different circumstances , as to [make/give] them largely irrelevant for the control of judicial sentencing today .

The lower Cetina flows in a narrow , steep-sided gorge between bare mountains rising to heights of over 1,000 m ( 3,280 ft ) which render it useless as a line of communication into the interior .
the lower cetina flows in a narrow , steep-sided gorge between bare mountains rising to heights of over 1,000 m ( 3,280 ft ) which [make/give] it useless as a line of communication into the interior .

The recognition codes which the Simonova was broadcasting should not in theory render any platform completely inoperative .
the recognition codes which the simonova was broadcasting should not in theory [make/give] any platform completely inoperative .

v. Veitch that if there is a combination of persons whose purpose is to cause damage to the plaintiff , that purpose may render unlawful acts which would otherwise be lawful .
v. veitch that if there is a combination of persons whose purpose is to cause damage to the plaintiff , that purpose may [make/give] unlawful acts which would otherwise be lawful .

Reference has already been made to the way in which developments in medicine began , in the late nineteenth century , to render inadequate the traditional poor law approach to the care of the sick .
reference has already been made to the way in which developments in medicine began , in the late nineteenth century , to [make/give] inadequate the traditional poor law approach to the care of the sick .

It is important , while acknowledging that many policies are made complex and ambiguous by the conflicts within the policy-making process , to recognize that it is intrinsically difficult to specify some policy goals in terms that will render the implementation process quite clear and unambiguous .
it is important , while acknowledging that many policies are made complex and ambiguous by the conflicts within the policy-making process , to recognize that it is intrinsically difficult to specify some policy goals in terms that will [make/give] the implementation process quite clear and unambiguous .

Meanwhile there is a real need to render women less invisible in debates on pensions and in statistics on pensions and poverty in old age .
meanwhile there is a real need to [make/give] women less invisible in debates on pensions and in statistics on pensions and poverty in old age .

James Pearson wrote that `` finding that my age and growing infirmities render me unable to continue to discharge the duties `` he was asking the General Assembly to appoint a successor .
james pearson wrote that `` finding that my age and growing infirmities [make/give] me unable to continue to discharge the duties `` he was asking the general assembly to appoint a successor .

Low pick up rates , the inability to make confident diagnoses with current technology , and the potential problems of managing those with equivocal or definite disease may render larger scale surveys unnecessary , excessively problematic , or not cost effective .
low pick up rates , the inability to make confident diagnoses with current technology , and the potential problems of managing those with equivocal or definite disease may [make/give] larger scale surveys unnecessary , excessively problematic , or not cost effective .

Moreover , some attempts to adapt the National Curriculum to meet the needs of children who experience difficulties in learning render the system even more rigid .
moreover , some attempts to adapt the national curriculum to meet the needs of children who experience difficulties in learning [make/give] the system even more rigid .

One may wish to study the statistics of word usage or word order with a view to understanding a text better , to catch nuances of meaning and perhaps to render them into a different language .
one may wish to study the statistics of word usage or word order with a view to understanding a text better , to catch nuances of meaning and perhaps to [make/give] them into a different language .

Nor is the provision of chapter 41 far removed in spirit and intention from the statute of Gloucester of 1278 , which went some way towards enlarging the traditional right of a lord to distrain chattels of a tenant who failed to render his dues into a right to recover the property involved .
nor is the provision of chapter 41 far removed in spirit and intention from the statute of gloucester of 1278 , which went some way towards enlarging the traditional right of a lord to distrain chattels of a tenant who failed to [make/give] his dues into a right to recover the property involved .

But in rejecting that assumption we render the argument from analogy redundant .
but in rejecting that assumption we [make/give] the argument from analogy redundant .

If we regard a three-volume series of books as a complete discourse , for example , we can render its structure as in Figure 5 .
if we regard a three-volume series of books as a complete discourse , for example , we can [make/give] its structure as in figure 5 .

Is he to render this orthographically as grape britain ?
is he to [make/give] this orthographically as grape britain ?

If he hears a form / gene / , is he to render this in the orthography as gon na ( which for some readers may have a peculiarly American association ) or gointuh or going to ?
if he hears a form / gene / , is he to [make/give] this in the orthography as gon na ( which for some readers may have a peculiarly american association ) or gointuh or going to ?

Later that month , an action began in the High Court between John Lydon and Glitterbest , in which Lydon asked the High Court to render the management agreement void and appoint a receiver to sort out the Sex Pistols ' affairs and finances .
later that month , an action began in the high court between john lydon and glitterbest , in which lydon asked the high court to [make/give] the management agreement void and appoint a receiver to sort out the sex pistols ' affairs and finances .

Such a fact can not ipso facto render Price 's evidence worthless , even where , as here , the evidence of the accomplice is uncorroborated : see Reg .
such a fact can not ipso facto [make/give] price 's evidence worthless , even where , as here , the evidence of the accomplice is uncorroborated : see reg .

They have not shrunk from setting aside gifts made to persons in a position to exercise undue influence over the donors , although there has been no proof of the actual exercise of such influence ; and the courts have done this on the avowed ground of the necessity of going this length in order to protect persons from the exercise of such influence under circumstances which render proof of it impossible .
they have not shrunk from setting aside gifts made to persons in a position to exercise undue influence over the donors , although there has been no proof of the actual exercise of such influence ; and the courts have done this on the avowed ground of the necessity of going this length in order to protect persons from the exercise of such influence under circumstances which [make/give] proof of it impossible .

It is only if the interests of the child render it appropriate that the courts of [ England ] rather than [ Australia ] shall determine its future that there can be any exception to an order for its return .
it is only if the interests of the child [make/give] it appropriate that the courts of [ england ] rather than [ australia ] shall determine its future that there can be any exception to an order for its return .

These will include the relative gravity of the offences alleged in the two sets of proceedings ; the degree of connection , on facts or law , between them ; the degree of prejudice which the defendant may suffer , in the shape of adverse publicity or in other respects , if the lesser matters are brought to trial first ; the likely time-spans of the two sets of proceedings ; the possibility of hardship to the defendant in being required to divert attention and resources to the defence of the lesser charges whilst the graver are in preparation ; the risk that if the lesser charges are postponed the lapse of time may render a fair trial of them more difficult ; the desirability in the public interest of ensuring that charges properly brought are pressed to a conclusion .
these will include the relative gravity of the offences alleged in the two sets of proceedings ; the degree of connection , on facts or law , between them ; the degree of prejudice which the defendant may suffer , in the shape of adverse publicity or in other respects , if the lesser matters are brought to trial first ; the likely time-spans of the two sets of proceedings ; the possibility of hardship to the defendant in being required to divert attention and resources to the defence of the lesser charges whilst the graver are in preparation ; the risk that if the lesser charges are postponed the lapse of time may [make/give] a fair trial of them more difficult ; the desirability in the public interest of ensuring that charges properly brought are pressed to a conclusion .

However , batteries larger than normal can render the clamp tight to install .
however , batteries larger than normal can [make/give] the clamp tight to install .

They used to have what they called ‘ quarterly meetings ’ , where the various stewards would render reports and accounts .
they used to have what they called ‘ quarterly meetings ’ , where the various stewards would [make/give] reports and accounts .

An effective and systematic attempt at forecasting may reduce some of this uncertainty , and render the future more manageable .
an effective and systematic attempt at forecasting may reduce some of this uncertainty , and [make/give] the future more manageable .

The influencer may , for instance , change the purchase objective , or act as a catalyst to render the original purchase motivation more practical or feasible .
the influencer may , for instance , change the purchase objective , or act as a catalyst to [make/give] the original purchase motivation more practical or feasible .

But this can not be the only explanation , because pigeons can home normally even when taken out in enclosed vans in continuously rotating cages , or even under anaesthetic , both of which treatments should render learning the outward journey impossible .
but this can not be the only explanation , because pigeons can home normally even when taken out in enclosed vans in continuously rotating cages , or even under anaesthetic , both of which treatments should [make/give] learning the outward journey impossible .

This same desire to render Cubism more intelligible to the general public , and to define and clarify the movement generally led Gleizes and Metzinger in the autumn of 1911 to collaborate in writing the book Du Cubisme , which appeared in August 1912 .
this same desire to [make/give] cubism more intelligible to the general public , and to define and clarify the movement generally led gleizes and metzinger in the autumn of 1911 to collaborate in writing the book du cubisme , which appeared in august 1912 .

Apollinaire describes Picasso 's method of work in this way : ‘ Using planes to render volumes , Picasso enumerates the different elements composing objects in such a complete and penetrating manner that they only assume the aspect of objects thanks to the spectators ’ efforts , who are of necessity aware of their simultaneity , precisely because of their arrangement .
apollinaire describes picasso 's method of work in this way : ‘ using planes to [make/give] volumes , picasso enumerates the different elements composing objects in such a complete and penetrating manner that they only assume the aspect of objects thanks to the spectators ’ efforts , who are of necessity aware of their simultaneity , precisely because of their arrangement .

And whereas Picasso had been forced to reintroduce clues , small fragments of legibility , into his work to render it more accessible to the spectator , Braque , even at his most abstract , instinctively retained them as a link with reality .
and whereas picasso had been forced to reintroduce clues , small fragments of legibility , into his work to [make/give] it more accessible to the spectator , braque , even at his most abstract , instinctively retained them as a link with reality .

To render the applicability of natural justice dependent upon a prior classification of the above type would have its utility in greater certainty and predictability : if a case fell within one category certain results would follow ; if it fell in a different category differing results would ensue .
to [make/give] the applicability of natural justice dependent upon a prior classification of the above type would have its utility in greater certainty and predictability : if a case fell within one category certain results would follow ; if it fell in a different category differing results would ensue .

There are however two difficulties which render this advantage hypothetical rather than real .
there are however two difficulties which [make/give] this advantage hypothetical rather than real .

The privy Council held that although the Minister was not bound to disclose his reasons , he could not thereby render the company 's right of appeal nugatory .
the privy council held that although the minister was not bound to disclose his reasons , he could not thereby [make/give] the company 's right of appeal nugatory .

Nevertheless , provided that he has , or may appear to have an influence on the decision given , then that will be sufficient to render the determination invalid .
nevertheless , provided that he has , or may appear to have an influence on the decision given , then that will be sufficient to [make/give] the determination invalid .

Thus , here a would represent the need for time certain in a lease , b the intent of the parties , c the fixtures and fittings required to render the tenancy furnished .
thus , here a would represent the need for time certain in a lease , b the intent of the parties , c the fixtures and fittings required to [make/give] the tenancy furnished .

More recent developments do however render it necessary to consider the law/fact dichotomy .
more recent developments do however [make/give] it necessary to consider the law/fact dichotomy .

It is indeed difficult to conceive of bad faith which would not automatically render applicable one of the two traditional control mechanisms .
it is indeed difficult to conceive of bad faith which would not automatically [make/give] applicable one of the two traditional control mechanisms .

‘ The fall of London would render further resistance impossible ’ , because the seat of government , the heart of empire , the centre of commerce , the focus of communications , and the only government manufacturing arsenal , would all be in enemy hands .
‘ the fall of london would [make/give] further resistance impossible ’ , because the seat of government , the heart of empire , the centre of commerce , the focus of communications , and the only government manufacturing arsenal , would all be in enemy hands .

As the days slid by , the Cruithin became a little less elusive , and Grainne waited , because she knew that to befriend them , to lead them back into Ireland , would be the greatest service she could render her people .
as the days slid by , the cruithin became a little less elusive , and grainne waited , because she knew that to befriend them , to lead them back into ireland , would be the greatest service she could [make/give] her people .

We have seen that theories in the social sciences often appear to have irreducible value-components which may render them fundamentally incompatible with one another .
we have seen that theories in the social sciences often appear to have irreducible value-components which may [make/give] them fundamentally incompatible with one another .

There they would gut the seals and render their oil , which they would later store in the stomachs and bladders of sea lions .
there they would gut the seals and [make/give] their oil , which they would later store in the stomachs and bladders of sea lions .

The fascination of writing is the attempt to render personal experience into objective beauty and understanding , how to take the fleeting run of life and suspend it , turn it to something tangible , capable of being perused , of being learnt from by others , beginning with the passionate subjective , ending in the dispassionate objective .
the fascination of writing is the attempt to [make/give] personal experience into objective beauty and understanding , how to take the fleeting run of life and suspend it , turn it to something tangible , capable of being perused , of being learnt from by others , beginning with the passionate subjective , ending in the dispassionate objective .

Furthermore , if we take seriously Black 's claim that his specimen metaphor ‘ man is a wolf ’ serves at once to render man wolf-like and to humanize wolves , a reversible metaphor could be imagined at the level of a word , a sentence , or a discourse in which each term was engaged in a metaphoric interaction with one or a number of other terms , organizing them , structuring them and in turn being structured by them .
furthermore , if we take seriously black 's claim that his specimen metaphor ‘ man is a wolf ’ serves at once to [make/give] man wolf-like and to humanize wolves , a reversible metaphor could be imagined at the level of a word , a sentence , or a discourse in which each term was engaged in a metaphoric interaction with one or a number of other terms , organizing them , structuring them and in turn being structured by them .

The general function of law — that is the dynamic of the legal system or the ‘ juridical problems ’ as Gramsci called it — is to render the ruling group homogeneous :
the general function of law — that is the dynamic of the legal system or the ‘ juridical problems ’ as gramsci called it — is to [make/give] the ruling group homogeneous :

Yet surely she could render her brother one service to which the dead are always entitled .
yet surely she could [make/give] her brother one service to which the dead are always entitled .

The special features of such a protective system , provided for reasons of the vastly increased significance of its failure , thus render it more vulnerable than would otherwise be the case .
the special features of such a protective system , provided for reasons of the vastly increased significance of its failure , thus [make/give] it more vulnerable than would otherwise be the case .

New staff , on joining , should be acquainted with fire exit routes and instructed as to the various alternative exits available should smoke , fire or collapse or stocks or racking render normally used routes impossible .
new staff , on joining , should be acquainted with fire exit routes and instructed as to the various alternative exits available should smoke , fire or collapse or stocks or racking [make/give] normally used routes impossible .

Ideologies — which we discuss below — may also effect the objectives of individuals and interest groups , and may render ‘ cooperative controversy ’ impossible .
ideologies — which we discuss below — may also effect the objectives of individuals and interest groups , and may [make/give] ‘ cooperative controversy ’ impossible .

Alienation is in any case a difficult concept . Seeman tried to render it useful by identifying five meanings for it :
alienation is in any case a difficult concept . seeman tried to [make/give] it useful by identifying five meanings for it :

The responsibility for drawing the first furrow on a narrow stetch was one the head horseman could not afford to delegate , unless it was to a man equally skilled as himself ; for a stetch that did not come out , at every point , exactly to the inch would render ineffective the use of implements that had been designed specially for it ; again , a botched stetch was visible to all — to the casual passer-by and to the practised eye of his neighbour ; and the ‘ loss of face ’ a head horseman suffered through allowing the standard of his own work to be below that of the next farm 's was enough to make him ensure that every field was laid out and ploughed with as much care as patience and long-practised skill made possible .
the responsibility for drawing the first furrow on a narrow stetch was one the head horseman could not afford to delegate , unless it was to a man equally skilled as himself ; for a stetch that did not come out , at every point , exactly to the inch would [make/give] ineffective the use of implements that had been designed specially for it ; again , a botched stetch was visible to all — to the casual passer-by and to the practised eye of his neighbour ; and the ‘ loss of face ’ a head horseman suffered through allowing the standard of his own work to be below that of the next farm 's was enough to make him ensure that every field was laid out and ploughed with as much care as patience and long-practised skill made possible .

Harassed by creditors , and pressed by the Treasury to render his long overdue chamber accounts , he fled to Hanover , where he attempted to ingratiate himself with the electoral family .
harassed by creditors , and pressed by the treasury to [make/give] his long overdue chamber accounts , he fled to hanover , where he attempted to ingratiate himself with the electoral family .

The editor 's massive learning , unusual accuracy , and sober judgement render this book indispensable to scholars .
the editor 's massive learning , unusual accuracy , and sober judgement [make/give] this book indispensable to scholars .

The Century Guild was founded in 1882 ‘ to render all branches of Art the sphere no longer of the tradesman but of the Artist ’ as Mackmurdo wrote in April 1882 in the first number of the Guild periodical , The Hobby Horse .
the century guild was founded in 1882 ‘ to [make/give] all branches of art the sphere no longer of the tradesman but of the artist ’ as mackmurdo wrote in april 1882 in the first number of the guild periodical , the hobby horse .

, and he employed his skill in efforts to render the earl impotent and to win the queen 's goodwill .
, and he employed his skill in efforts to [make/give] the earl impotent and to win the queen 's goodwill .

These were the first photographs successfully to render sky and foreground in a single exposure .
these were the first photographs successfully to [make/give] sky and foreground in a single exposure .

The first is excluded because possession by the chargee will render the asset unusable by the company as security in favour of another creditor ; the second because registration would destroy the negotiability of the instrument ; and the third because these interests arise and disappear quite quickly and registration would be simply too burdensome and provide little new information as those dealing with charterers would normally assume the existence of such charges .
the first is excluded because possession by the chargee will [make/give] the asset unusable by the company as security in favour of another creditor ; the second because registration would destroy the negotiability of the instrument ; and the third because these interests arise and disappear quite quickly and registration would be simply too burdensome and provide little new information as those dealing with charterers would normally assume the existence of such charges .

If nothing has occurred to render the security enforceable but the debentureholder 's position is nevertheless in jeopardy , an application to the court may be necessary , for the court has a discretionary power to appoint a receiver in such circumstances .
if nothing has occurred to [make/give] the security enforceable but the debentureholder 's position is nevertheless in jeopardy , an application to the court may be necessary , for the court has a discretionary power to appoint a receiver in such circumstances .

For example , it is argued that former communist officials in the Russian provinces continue to wield much power and are in a position to render executive decisions ineffective .
for example , it is argued that former communist officials in the russian provinces continue to wield much power and are in a position to [make/give] executive decisions ineffective .

In the United States a number of factors have combined to render the bureaucracy more open to public scrutiny .
in the united states a number of factors have combined to [make/give] the bureaucracy more open to public scrutiny .

Each treatment might be acceptable but the treatment would be inconsistent and would render the analysis of the series of doubtful validity .
each treatment might be acceptable but the treatment would be inconsistent and would [make/give] the analysis of the series of doubtful validity .

It consists of a series of blocks and counter-attacks by which a single exponent can render multiple assailants harmless .
it consists of a series of blocks and counter-attacks by which a single exponent can [make/give] multiple assailants harmless .

The costs involved in civil litigation are of the utmost importance to the parties — they may prevent an action ever being brought , they may render a victory in court Pyrrhic when damages are swallowed up in costs , they may prevent a meritorious appeal and they will always be a factor in the risk of litigation .
the costs involved in civil litigation are of the utmost importance to the parties — they may prevent an action ever being brought , they may [make/give] a victory in court pyrrhic when damages are swallowed up in costs , they may prevent a meritorious appeal and they will always be a factor in the risk of litigation .

In a different way , the Equal Opportunities Commission and the Commission for Racial Equality are empowered by the Sex Discrimination Act 1975 and the Race Relations Act 1976 respectively to render assistance to individuals alleging discrimination .
in a different way , the equal opportunities commission and the commission for racial equality are empowered by the sex discrimination act 1975 and the race relations act 1976 respectively to [make/give] assistance to individuals alleging discrimination .

Bourdieu says in Homo Academicus that the idea is , not to render uncertain , but ‘ to make more secure the foundations of sociological thought ’ .
bourdieu says in homo academicus that the idea is , not to [make/give] uncertain , but ‘ to make more secure the foundations of sociological thought ’ .

One accepts , of course , that the sheer volume and intractability of the subject matter render resort to delegated legislation to some degree inevitable ; but , by the same token , those very factors of volume and intractability almost necessarily involve a degree of perfunctoriness in parliamentary scrutiny .
one accepts , of course , that the sheer volume and intractability of the subject matter [make/give] resort to delegated legislation to some degree inevitable ; but , by the same token , those very factors of volume and intractability almost necessarily involve a degree of perfunctoriness in parliamentary scrutiny .

Furthermore , a father 's position of power and influence in the home may render any form of direct threat unnecessary , particularly where the girl is of low intelligence , immature or dependent .
furthermore , a father 's position of power and influence in the home may [make/give] any form of direct threat unnecessary , particularly where the girl is of low intelligence , immature or dependent .

And then he turned away , leaving the cotton waste and the human tissue to render down to a common , indistinguishable ash .
and then he turned away , leaving the cotton waste and the human tissue to [make/give] down to a common , indistinguishable ash .

Making good the exterior render .
making good the exterior [make/give] .

Painting of the exterior render and timber .
painting of the exterior [make/give] and timber .

Both of these features render the designs more scenic , circular visions than expansive roundels .
both of these features [make/give] the designs more scenic , circular visions than expansive roundels .

Quicklime may render PCBs harmless
quicklime may [make/give] pcbs harmless

Australians will be unable to go outdoors without protection by the year 2060 , unless the depletion of the ozone layer over the southern hemisphere is halted , according to skin cancer expert Bill McCarthy , who predicted that the growing danger of cancer would render Australia uninhabitable unless its populace lived in glass-domed cities and wore spacesuit style protective gear for ventures into the open air .
australians will be unable to go outdoors without protection by the year 2060 , unless the depletion of the ozone layer over the southern hemisphere is halted , according to skin cancer expert bill mccarthy , who predicted that the growing danger of cancer would [make/give] australia uninhabitable unless its populace lived in glass-domed cities and wore spacesuit style protective gear for ventures into the open air .

Fish are unable to spawn as their breeding grounds are buried or destroyed by sand banks created by the dredgers , whose operations render water undrinkable as far as 60 km downstream .
fish are unable to spawn as their breeding grounds are buried or destroyed by sand banks created by the dredgers , whose operations [make/give] water undrinkable as far as 60 km downstream .

Clause 11.3 relates to misrepresentations and misdescriptions , the position as to the latter being similar to non-disclosure in that it can render the landlord liable in damages for breach of contract .
clause 11.3 relates to misrepresentations and misdescriptions , the position as to the latter being similar to non-disclosure in that it can [make/give] the landlord liable in damages for breach of contract .

The fact is that damage or destruction of other parts of the building or of the shopping centre ( if applicable ) may render the premises unusable despite the fact that the premises have not been damaged or destroyed .
the fact is that damage or destruction of other parts of the building or of the shopping centre ( if applicable ) may [make/give] the premises unusable despite the fact that the premises have not been damaged or destroyed .

7.5.1.1 the Centre or any part of the Centre or its essential accesses or services are damaged or destroyed [ by any of the Insured Risks ] [ or otherwise ] so as to render the Premises or any part of them unfit for occupation or use and
7.5.1.1 the centre or any part of the centre or its essential accesses or services are damaged or destroyed [ by any of the insured risks ] [ or otherwise ] so as to [make/give] the premises or any part of them unfit for occupation or use and

7.6.3.3 some defect or deficiency in the site upon which the rebuilding or reinstatement is to take place [ would render the same impossible or would mean that the same could only be undertaken at a cost that would be unreasonable in all the circumstances ]
7.6.3.3 some defect or deficiency in the site upon which the rebuilding or reinstatement is to take place [ would [make/give] the same impossible or would mean that the same could only be undertaken at a cost that would be unreasonable in all the circumstances ]

Where one party enters into a contract as a consumer , or on the other contracting party 's written standard terms of business , so that s3 applies , the Act provides ( in s3(2) ) that " the other " ( ie the non-consumer , or the party on whose written standard terms the contract is made ) can not by reference to any contract term — ( a ) when himself in breach of contract , exclude or restrict any liability of his in respect of such breach ; or ( b ) claim to be entitled — ( i ) to render a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected of him , or ( ii ) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation , to render no performance at all , except in so far as … the contract term satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .
where one party enters into a contract as a consumer , or on the other contracting party 's written standard terms of business , so that s3 applies , the act provides ( in s3(2) ) that " the other " ( ie the non-consumer , or the party on whose written standard terms the contract is made ) can not by reference to any contract term — ( a ) when himself in breach of contract , exclude or restrict any liability of his in respect of such breach ; or ( b ) claim to be entitled — ( i ) to [make/give] a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected of him , or ( ii ) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation , to [make/give] no performance at all , except in so far as … the contract term satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .

However , such a clause would appear to be caught by s3 ( 2 ) ( b ) , as a clause by which the seller claims to be entitled to render `` a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected of him `` , or `` no performance at all `` .
however , such a clause would appear to be caught by s3 ( 2 ) ( b ) , as a clause by which the seller claims to be entitled to [make/give] `` a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected of him `` , or `` no performance at all `` .

Indeed , it may even be possible to argue that certain types of reservation of title clause are caught by s3 , in so far as they purport to allow the seller to retain title until certain conditions are fulfilled , and therefore permit it to render a performance substantially different from that reasonably expected of it , or no performance at all .
indeed , it may even be possible to argue that certain types of reservation of title clause are caught by s3 , in so far as they purport to allow the seller to retain title until certain conditions are fulfilled , and therefore permit it to [make/give] a performance substantially different from that reasonably expected of it , or no performance at all .

Section 3(2) provides that a person dealing with a consumer , or contracting on his/her own written standard terms : can not by reference to any contract term — ( a ) when himself in breach of contract , exclude or restrict any liability of his in respect of the breach ; or ( b ) claim to be entitled — ( i ) to render a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected of him , or ( ii ) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation , to render no performance at all , except in so far as … the contract term satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .
section 3(2) provides that a person dealing with a consumer , or contracting on his/her own written standard terms : can not by reference to any contract term — ( a ) when himself in breach of contract , exclude or restrict any liability of his in respect of the breach ; or ( b ) claim to be entitled — ( i ) to [make/give] a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected of him , or ( ii ) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation , to [make/give] no performance at all , except in so far as … the contract term satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .

To reflect the strophic build-up of the poem presents no great difficulty to a translator ; what is extremely difficult is to render into English , a stress-timed language , an idea of a metre based on syllabic timings .
to reflect the strophic build-up of the poem presents no great difficulty to a translator ; what is extremely difficult is to [make/give] into english , a stress-timed language , an idea of a metre based on syllabic timings .

Heres , for example ( in , `` the greedy clutches of your heir `` ) , denotes something perhaps rather less cosy and familial than the English word `` heir `` ; in many contexts it suggests nothing more than a legal designate with a contractual , post-obituary option on some hapless benefactor 's goods and chattels.5 Pietas is a notoriously difficult word to render , `` piety `` being the last recourse of the weary translator ; it involves `` integrity `` , `` probity `` , `` purity `` , `` fidelity `` , `` devotion `` , `` decency `` — a complex of related moral attributes which Romans sought and recognised in the upright man .
heres , for example ( in , `` the greedy clutches of your heir `` ) , denotes something perhaps rather less cosy and familial than the english word `` heir `` ; in many contexts it suggests nothing more than a legal designate with a contractual , post-obituary option on some hapless benefactor 's goods and chattels.5 pietas is a notoriously difficult word to [make/give] , `` piety `` being the last recourse of the weary translator ; it involves `` integrity `` , `` probity `` , `` purity `` , `` fidelity `` , `` devotion `` , `` decency `` — a complex of related moral attributes which romans sought and recognised in the upright man .

This comes as no news to anyone who has ever tried to render into English verse so much as a strophe of Horace .
this comes as no news to anyone who has ever tried to [make/give] into english verse so much as a strophe of horace .

An important consequence of this approach is that generally the courts have refused to accept that supervening events ( ie events subsequent to the time of contract ) can render an initially reasonable covenant unenforceable .
an important consequence of this approach is that generally the courts have refused to accept that supervening events ( ie events subsequent to the time of contract ) can [make/give] an initially reasonable covenant unenforceable .

Indeed in Ireland , questions of safety for road users explains the incorporation of s13 ( 2 ) of the Irish Sale and Supply of Goods Act 1980 which provides that , except where the buyer is a dealer in motor vehicles , `` there is an implied condition that , at the time of the delivery of the vehicle under the contract , it is free from any defect which would render it a danger to the public , including persons travelling in the vehicle `` .
indeed in ireland , questions of safety for road users explains the incorporation of s13 ( 2 ) of the irish sale and supply of goods act 1980 which provides that , except where the buyer is a dealer in motor vehicles , `` there is an implied condition that , at the time of the delivery of the vehicle under the contract , it is free from any defect which would [make/give] it a danger to the public , including persons travelling in the vehicle `` .

But such broad definitions render the terms vacuous and thus deprive them of analytical value .
but such broad definitions [make/give] the terms vacuous and thus deprive them of analytical value .

`` Deprave `` means `` to make morally bad , to pervert , to debase or corrupt morally `` and corrupt means `` to render morally unsound or rotten , or destroy the moral purity or chastity of , to pervert or ruin a good quality , to debase , to defile `` .
`` deprave `` means `` to make morally bad , to pervert , to debase or corrupt morally `` and corrupt means `` to [make/give] morally unsound or rotten , or destroy the moral purity or chastity of , to pervert or ruin a good quality , to debase , to defile `` .

Attribution theory maintains that the causes of events can not be observed , but are construed by the individual to render the environment meaningful .
attribution theory maintains that the causes of events can not be observed , but are construed by the individual to [make/give] the environment meaningful .

In the airs they compose the French always look for what is sweet , easy and flowing , and for what follows on readily ; everything is in the same key , or if they change it sometimes , they do it with preparations and softenings which render the air as natural and as continuous as if there were no change at all …
in the airs they compose the french always look for what is sweet , easy and flowing , and for what follows on readily ; everything is in the same key , or if they change it sometimes , they do it with preparations and softenings which [make/give] the air as natural and as continuous as if there were no change at all …

It did n't take much anaesthetic to render the exhausted patient unconscious , and , as Sophie made the first incision , she put aside her dislike of being critically watched by her professional rival and concentrated on her life-saving task .
it did n't take much anaesthetic to [make/give] the exhausted patient unconscious , and , as sophie made the first incision , she put aside her dislike of being critically watched by her professional rival and concentrated on her life-saving task .

To reveal the truth would be to render herself still more vulnerable to him , and she could n't allow that to happen .
to reveal the truth would be to [make/give] herself still more vulnerable to him , and she could n't allow that to happen .

Notice to produce the document must have been given in order to render oral evidence of it admissible ; it must be shown that the document existed , is or was in the possession of the other side , and that the original would have been admissible and relevant .
notice to produce the document must have been given in order to [make/give] oral evidence of it admissible ; it must be shown that the document existed , is or was in the possession of the other side , and that the original would have been admissible and relevant .

Section 3 ( 2 ) ( b ) ( ii ) restricts clauses permitting a party to render no performance in respect of contractual obligations .
section 3 ( 2 ) ( b ) ( ii ) restricts clauses permitting a party to [make/give] no performance in respect of contractual obligations .

Were a seller to accept such an indemnity he would probably want to add further clauses requiring the buyer to give prompt notification of such claims , to permit him to take over conduct of the claim , not to admit liability , and to render him any necessary assistance in contesting the claim .
were a seller to accept such an indemnity he would probably want to add further clauses requiring the buyer to give prompt notification of such claims , to permit him to take over conduct of the claim , not to admit liability , and to [make/give] him any necessary assistance in contesting the claim .

( a ) Every partner must make full disclosure to his co-partners This duty is given statutory force by s28 of the Partnership Act : Partners are bound to render true accounts and full information of all things affecting the partnership to any partner or his legal representatives .
( a ) every partner must make full disclosure to his co-partners this duty is given statutory force by s28 of the partnership act : partners are bound to [make/give] true accounts and full information of all things affecting the partnership to any partner or his legal representatives .

An express prohibition on assignment does not in itself render the contract personal .
an express prohibition on assignment does not in itself [make/give] the contract personal .

It is a matter of construction of the contract and the surrounding circumstances as to whether the prohibition is intended merely to place the vendor in breach of contract and exposed to a claim for damages or whether the prohibition is intended to render the assignment ineffective and make it clear that the contract is personal .
it is a matter of construction of the contract and the surrounding circumstances as to whether the prohibition is intended merely to place the vendor in breach of contract and exposed to a claim for damages or whether the prohibition is intended to [make/give] the assignment ineffective and make it clear that the contract is personal .

However , they are permitted to deviate from this if special geographic considerations ( for example , the size , shape , and accessibility of a constituency ) appear to render such a deviation desirable .
however , they are permitted to deviate from this if special geographic considerations ( for example , the size , shape , and accessibility of a constituency ) appear to [make/give] such a deviation desirable .

The complete narrative proposed by this group is as follows , with letters retained for ease of reference , but with the gaps between the sentences closed up in order to render the sequence 'story-like `` .
the complete narrative proposed by this group is as follows , with letters retained for ease of reference , but with the gaps between the sentences closed up in order to [make/give] the sequence 'story-like `` .

The object of clarifying butter is to rid it of water , buttermilk sediment , salt and any foreign matter which ( a ) for purposes of frying cause the butter to blacken and burn , and ( b ) render it susceptible to eventual rancidity .
the object of clarifying butter is to rid it of water , buttermilk sediment , salt and any foreign matter which ( a ) for purposes of frying cause the butter to blacken and burn , and ( b ) [make/give] it susceptible to eventual rancidity .

Then castrate him to render him docile .
then castrate him to [make/give] him docile .

There was a danger that the blood would become poisoned by pus or by some other morbid agent which would render death by pyaemia inevitable .
there was a danger that the blood would become poisoned by pus or by some other morbid agent which would [make/give] death by pyaemia inevitable .

‘ The circumstances of our times ’ , he had then said in his Report to the Committee of the House of Commons on the Poor Laws , ‘ render a change in our internal policy respecting the poor and the working classes absolutely necessary ; and the first question to be decided by every man of all ranks is : shall the alteration be made under the guidance of moderation and wisdom , foreseeing and gradually preparing each step , one regularly after another , thereby preventing a single premature advance — or , shall the change be effected by ignorance and prejudice , under the baneful influence of [ anger and violence ] … .
‘ the circumstances of our times ’ , he had then said in his report to the committee of the house of commons on the poor laws , ‘ [make/give] a change in our internal policy respecting the poor and the working classes absolutely necessary ; and the first question to be decided by every man of all ranks is : shall the alteration be made under the guidance of moderation and wisdom , foreseeing and gradually preparing each step , one regularly after another , thereby preventing a single premature advance — or , shall the change be effected by ignorance and prejudice , under the baneful influence of [ anger and violence ] … .

In the Admissibility of Hearings of Petitioners the International Court of Justice advised that oral hearings before the Committee for South West Africa could be granted to inhabitants of the territory to further the development of the international institution , and to render effective the General Assembly 's supervisory role .
in the admissibility of hearings of petitioners the international court of justice advised that oral hearings before the committee for south west africa could be granted to inhabitants of the territory to further the development of the international institution , and to [make/give] effective the general assembly 's supervisory role .

On the one hand it was essential to try to make the peasant movement more revolutionary in character by uniting the peasants and all the exploited , wherever possible , into Soviets ; on the other , the obligation to render the most active assistance to revolutionary-liberation movements rested in the first instance with the workers of the country on which the backward nation was colonially and financially dependent .
on the one hand it was essential to try to make the peasant movement more revolutionary in character by uniting the peasants and all the exploited , wherever possible , into soviets ; on the other , the obligation to [make/give] the most active assistance to revolutionary-liberation movements rested in the first instance with the workers of the country on which the backward nation was colonially and financially dependent .

Such metaphors indicate an unreal calm , because they render the immensities of nature in terms of things which are familiar , solid , and manmade .
such metaphors indicate an unreal calm , because they [make/give] the immensities of nature in terms of things which are familiar , solid , and manmade .

The amnesia associated with this period may render some difficulty in coming to terms with what they have been through .
the amnesia associated with this period may [make/give] some difficulty in coming to terms with what they have been through .

In the Report `` art `` had been used to legitimate a realm of cultural value in such a manner as to render it equally immune from state interference and democratic accountability .
in the report `` art `` had been used to legitimate a realm of cultural value in such a manner as to [make/give] it equally immune from state interference and democratic accountability .

inherit , preserve and pass on a tradition … they engender modes of life , habits of thought and standards of judgement which render them centres of resistance to crude forces which threaten steady and peaceful evolution … The family , the church , and the universities , certain associations of intellectuals , and above all the great professions , stand like rocks against which the waves raised by these forces beat in vain .
inherit , preserve and pass on a tradition … they engender modes of life , habits of thought and standards of judgement which [make/give] them centres of resistance to crude forces which threaten steady and peaceful evolution … the family , the church , and the universities , certain associations of intellectuals , and above all the great professions , stand like rocks against which the waves raised by these forces beat in vain .

But it will render precise almost every judgment on run-outs , and that alone would clear away a lot of dirt .
but it will [make/give] precise almost every judgment on run-outs , and that alone would clear away a lot of dirt .

Not least fascinating is the suggestion that deep breathing could render valium superfluous .
not least fascinating is the suggestion that deep breathing could [make/give] valium superfluous .

But it should be said at the outset that none of the terms ‘ check ’ , ‘ control ’ or ‘ render accountable ’ has a single clear meaning : there are several ways of checking and controlling and several types of accountability .
but it should be said at the outset that none of the terms ‘ check ’ , ‘ control ’ or ‘ [make/give] accountable ’ has a single clear meaning : there are several ways of checking and controlling and several types of accountability .

The exception is that the High Court has power to quash a decision for ‘ error of law on the face of the record ’ even though such errors do not render decisions illegal .
the exception is that the high court has power to quash a decision for ‘ error of law on the face of the record ’ even though such errors do not [make/give] decisions illegal .

The fact that a power has no legal source does not render it unreviewable by the High Court if there are sound reasons for and no good reasons against such review .
the fact that a power has no legal source does not [make/give] it unreviewable by the high court if there are sound reasons for and no good reasons against such review .

The effect of jurisdictional error of law is said to be to render the affected decision void or a nullity in the sense that the decision is treated as never having had any legal effect .
the effect of jurisdictional error of law is said to be to [make/give] the affected decision void or a nullity in the sense that the decision is treated as never having had any legal effect .

The preceding discussion applies not only to jurisdictional errors of law but to all heads of illegality which render a decision ultra vires , including breach of natural justice .
the preceding discussion applies not only to jurisdictional errors of law but to all heads of illegality which [make/give] a decision ultra vires , including breach of natural justice .

Even this provision is not cast iron , however , as the Spanish State could ‘ move the goal posts ’ and change the law to render the agreement unenforceable .
even this provision is not cast iron , however , as the spanish state could ‘ move the goal posts ’ and change the law to [make/give] the agreement unenforceable .

By excluding from view the potentialities provided by wealth and knowledge for securing power through contracts , the choice theory ignores precisely those matters which might render organizations of power established by contracts suspect .
by excluding from view the potentialities provided by wealth and knowledge for securing power through contracts , the choice theory ignores precisely those matters which might [make/give] organizations of power established by contracts suspect .

At one time courts hesitated to render manufacturers liable for all losses arising from defective products .
at one time courts hesitated to [make/give] manufacturers liable for all losses arising from defective products .

The quintessential formulation of justice is ‘ live honestly , harm no one and render to each his due ’ .
the quintessential formulation of justice is ‘ live honestly , harm no one and [make/give] to each his due ’ .

It 's perfectly easy to take your clothes off — it 's much harder to expose yourself emotionally , to render yourself vulnerable before another person — as you assuredly do in the expression of yourself and your needs in a sexual relationship .
it 's perfectly easy to take your clothes off — it 's much harder to expose yourself emotionally , to [make/give] yourself vulnerable before another person — as you assuredly do in the expression of yourself and your needs in a sexual relationship .

This ratio of ’ general ’ to ’ specific ’ material will vary between documents and domains , such that a high proportion of ’ general ’ material may render the use of a domain-specific collocation dictionary less appropriate .
this ratio of ’ general ’ to ’ specific ’ material will vary between documents and domains , such that a high proportion of ’ general ’ material may [make/give] the use of a domain-specific collocation dictionary less appropriate .

Support for the accusation comes from two cases where associates of the duke were dismissed by the council for failing to render account , but then remained in post .
support for the accusation comes from two cases where associates of the duke were dismissed by the council for failing to [make/give] account , but then remained in post .

Beatrice Webb believed that the retention of a voluntary element in the social services would render them inefficient at exercising the ‘ element of compulsion and disciplinary supervision ’ over the clients which she thought essential for their improvement .
beatrice webb believed that the retention of a voluntary element in the social services would [make/give] them inefficient at exercising the ‘ element of compulsion and disciplinary supervision ’ over the clients which she thought essential for their improvement .

seize , render harmless or destroy any substance or article that he considers to be the cause of imminent danger of serious personal injury . ( Article 27 )
seize , [make/give] harmless or destroy any substance or article that he considers to be the cause of imminent danger of serious personal injury . ( article 27 )

Let me render this more accurately .
let me [make/give] this more accurately .

prisoners whose character and record render them suitable … should be released from prison earlier than they are at present .
prisoners whose character and record [make/give] them suitable … should be released from prison earlier than they are at present .

Hayek , however , constructs his theory in such a manner as to render such criticisms difficult to sustain .
hayek , however , constructs his theory in such a manner as to [make/give] such criticisms difficult to sustain .

Hayek thus seems open to the criticism that he skews his account of moral and social development in order to render it harmonious with his ideological preference for a particular conception of liberty .
hayek thus seems open to the criticism that he skews his account of moral and social development in order to [make/give] it harmonious with his ideological preference for a particular conception of liberty .

And , to render this possible , it was essential for the state to provide a basic platform of entitlements .
and , to [make/give] this possible , it was essential for the state to provide a basic platform of entitlements .

Princes derived profit solely from the courts on their own manorial lands or from those areas whose castellans were held in sufficient subordination to render dues to their lords .
princes derived profit solely from the courts on their own manorial lands or from those areas whose castellans were held in sufficient subordination to [make/give] dues to their lords .

Instead , the definition of democracy itself has been revised , adapted , narrowed and diluted to render it compatible with the persisting belief in the necessity or the virtue of rule by elites , with an equally persistent mistrust of `` the masses `` and , perhaps most important of all , to render it compatible with the existing political systems of the Western world which call themselves `` democracies `` .
instead , the definition of democracy itself has been revised , adapted , narrowed and diluted to [make/give] it compatible with the persisting belief in the necessity or the virtue of rule by elites , with an equally persistent mistrust of `` the masses `` and , perhaps most important of all , to [make/give] it compatible with the existing political systems of the western world which call themselves `` democracies `` .

Failure to comply with section 2 does not render the order invalid .
failure to comply with section 2 does not [make/give] the order invalid .

Nor will confessions obtained as a result of anything said or done which was likely to render them unreliable , be admissible , unless the prosecution can prove that they were not obtained in this way .
nor will confessions obtained as a result of anything said or done which was likely to [make/give] them unreliable , be admissible , unless the prosecution can prove that they were not obtained in this way .

It should be noted that breach of the Codes of Practice does not , of itself , render the police officer liable to any criminal or civil proceedings .
it should be noted that breach of the codes of practice does not , of itself , [make/give] the police officer liable to any criminal or civil proceedings .

Failure to comply with the former will render the decision invalid .
failure to comply with the former will [make/give] the decision invalid .

This is especially important if animals of a particular health status are being shipped in Filtered boxes or transport isolators as inadvertent opening of the container may render the animals valueless .
this is especially important if animals of a particular health status are being shipped in filtered boxes or transport isolators as inadvertent opening of the container may [make/give] the animals valueless .

The problems involved in assessing ‘ functional importance ’ render the concept highly dubious sociologically .
the problems involved in assessing ‘ functional importance ’ [make/give] the concept highly dubious sociologically .

‘ This regular , increasing , and almost unvaried diet of sensation without commitment ’ would ‘ render its consumers less capable of responding openly and responsibly to life ’ and ‘ induce an underlying sense of purposelessness ’ .
‘ this regular , increasing , and almost unvaried diet of sensation without commitment ’ would ‘ [make/give] its consumers less capable of responding openly and responsibly to life ’ and ‘ induce an underlying sense of purposelessness ’ .

Even if the witness is willing , the law of the place in which he is to be examined may be such as to render the examination inadequate .
even if the witness is willing , the law of the place in which he is to be examined may be such as to [make/give] the examination inadequate .

The words in fact are intended to reflect her night-time , miserable feelings but they only reflect Masefield 's failure to render her as a human being :
the words in fact are intended to reflect her night-time , miserable feelings but they only reflect masefield 's failure to [make/give] her as a human being :

He makes a pact with the devil whereby the devil will be his servant and do his bidding for 24 years , after which time he will render up his immortal soul .
he makes a pact with the devil whereby the devil will be his servant and do his bidding for 24 years , after which time he will [make/give] up his immortal soul .

It is against a background of near hysteria that we set out to propose an alternative account of what is happening on the football terraces — an account based not on the second-hand rhetoric of myth-creating media men but on our faith in people 's ability to render their own social action intelligible and meaningful .
it is against a background of near hysteria that we set out to propose an alternative account of what is happening on the football terraces — an account based not on the second-hand rhetoric of myth-creating media men but on our faith in people 's ability to [make/give] their own social action intelligible and meaningful .

The second requires a social psychology of the symbolic universe in which acts are endowed with meaning and the commonsense accounts which are offered within such a universe to render the imposed concept of deviance intelligible .
the second requires a social psychology of the symbolic universe in which acts are endowed with meaning and the commonsense accounts which are offered within such a universe to [make/give] the imposed concept of deviance intelligible .

At this point we are seeking only to explain the social frameworks which render certain actions intelligible , and we do not wish to imply causal links between social frames and social action .
at this point we are seeking only to explain the social frameworks which [make/give] certain actions intelligible , and we do not wish to imply causal links between social frames and social action .

generally render all assistance in connection with the suspected offence(s) .
generally [make/give] all assistance in connection with the suspected offence(s) .

The issue of how to prove loss is a major stumbling block and is prone , under strict judicial interpretation , to render the section redundant as far as insider dealing is concerned .
the issue of how to prove loss is a major stumbling block and is prone , under strict judicial interpretation , to [make/give] the section redundant as far as insider dealing is concerned .

The cult of masculinity in work and play and politics thrives only in exclusive freemasonries of men with their secret codes which render women immigrants in their own communities .
the cult of masculinity in work and play and politics thrives only in exclusive freemasonries of men with their secret codes which [make/give] women immigrants in their own communities .

He 's still prepared to render unto Caesar and stuff .
he 's still prepared to [make/give] unto caesar and stuff .

And if the electronic sniffers or whatever they used to detect the presence of a nuclear mass gave a positive reading would the police want to evacuate the area before an attempt was made to render it harmless ?
and if the electronic sniffers or whatever they used to detect the presence of a nuclear mass gave a positive reading would the police want to evacuate the area before an attempt was made to [make/give] it harmless ?

Two of the Kamalians only needed a couple of metres of the wire to render him helpless and under continual self-torture .
two of the kamalians only needed a couple of metres of the wire to [make/give] him helpless and under continual self-torture .

This does not , however , render the question of social origins of state personnel , such as bureaucrats , sterile .
this does not , however , [make/give] the question of social origins of state personnel , such as bureaucrats , sterile .

The conclusion to be derived from the above is that the overdevelopment of the bureaucracy in the post-colonial state can only be explained by reference to factors which render other political institutions impotent .
the conclusion to be derived from the above is that the overdevelopment of the bureaucracy in the post-colonial state can only be explained by reference to factors which [make/give] other political institutions impotent .

Support for the accusation comes from two cases where associates of the duke were dismissed by the council for failing to render account , but then remained in post .
support for the accusation comes from two cases where associates of the duke were dismissed by the council for failing to [make/give] account , but then remained in post .

Inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis by NSAIDs is the major established mechanism by which NSAIDs render the gastric mucosa vulnerable to mucosal injury .
inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis by nsaids is the major established mechanism by which nsaids [make/give] the gastric mucosa vulnerable to mucosal injury .

At the time , though , he was not aware — could never have been aware — of the extraordinary service he would have to render as the quid pro quo of the agreement .
at the time , though , he was not aware — could never have been aware — of the extraordinary service he would have to [make/give] as the quid pro quo of the agreement .

Although she acknowledged the contribution to the nation 's power supply of existing nuclear power stations , Doi stated that the party would promote energy conservation to render the country free of nuclear-generated power in the future .
although she acknowledged the contribution to the nation 's power supply of existing nuclear power stations , doi stated that the party would promote energy conservation to [make/give] the country free of nuclear-generated power in the future .

Carrying on investment business without the appropriate authorisation , except where professionals are dealing with professionals , is not only a criminal offence but may render unenforceable any contract entered into .
carrying on investment business without the appropriate authorisation , except where professionals are dealing with professionals , is not only a criminal offence but may [make/give] unenforceable any contract entered into .

Quite often , however , the acquirer will be given a right to rescind the contract , without any damages claim , if any event occurs which would render the warranties materially inaccurate at completion .
quite often , however , the acquirer will be given a right to rescind the contract , without any damages claim , if any event occurs which would [make/give] the warranties materially inaccurate at completion .

Under the terms of the guidance note we may also be obliged to supply to the Panel any information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the Panel may properly require and otherwise render all such assistance as we are reasonable able to give to the Panel .
under the terms of the guidance note we may also be obliged to supply to the panel any information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the panel may properly require and otherwise [make/give] all such assistance as we are reasonable able to give to the panel .

Under the terms of the guidance note we may also be obliged to supply to the Panel any information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the Panel may properly require and otherwise render all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the Panel .
under the terms of the guidance note we may also be obliged to supply to the panel any information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the panel may properly require and otherwise [make/give] all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the panel .

Under the terms of the guidance note we may also be obliged to supply to the Panel and information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the Panel may properly require and otherwise render all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the Panel .
under the terms of the guidance note we may also be obliged to supply to the panel and information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the panel may properly require and otherwise [make/give] all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the panel .

Under the terms of the guidance note we may also be obliged to supply to the Panel and information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the Panel may properly require and otherwise render all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the Panel .
under the terms of the guidance note we may also be obliged to supply to the panel and information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the panel may properly require and otherwise [make/give] all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the panel .

Under the terms of the guidance note we may also be obliged to supply to the Panel and information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the Panel may properly require and otherwise render all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the Panel .
under the terms of the guidance note we may also be obliged to supply to the panel and information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the panel may properly require and otherwise [make/give] all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the panel .

Under the terms of the guidance note we may also be obliged to supply to the Panel and information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the Panel may properly require and otherwise render all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the Panel .
under the terms of the guidance note we may also be obliged to supply to the panel and information , books , documents or other records concerning the transaction which the panel may properly require and otherwise [make/give] all such assistance as we are reasonably able to give to the panel .

Projected changes in the type and nature of work available in the economy render urgent both the investigation of occupational choices made by young people , and the attempt to influence these choices in a direction related to the realities of the changing occupational structure .
projected changes in the type and nature of work available in the economy [make/give] urgent both the investigation of occupational choices made by young people , and the attempt to influence these choices in a direction related to the realities of the changing occupational structure .

Indeed the biographical section in Taskopruzade is verbally very close to Ibn Hajar 's account , although Taskopruzade adds some material , omits some very important details , and changes the order of the material in such a way as to render the account confusing on occasion .
indeed the biographical section in taskopruzade is verbally very close to ibn hajar 's account , although taskopruzade adds some material , omits some very important details , and changes the order of the material in such a way as to [make/give] the account confusing on occasion .

Section 3 of that Act , however , does , in certain circumstances , render such an exemption clause subject to the requirement of reasonableness .
section 3 of that act , however , does , in certain circumstances , [make/give] such an exemption clause subject to the requirement of reasonableness .

‘ ( a ) when himself in breach of contract , exclude or restrict any liability of his in respect of the breach ; or ( b ) claim to be entitled — ; ( i ) to render a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected of him or ( ii ) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation , to render no performance at all , except in so far as the contract term [ i.e .
‘ ( a ) when himself in breach of contract , exclude or restrict any liability of his in respect of the breach ; or ( b ) claim to be entitled — ; ( i ) to [make/give] a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected of him or ( ii ) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation , to [make/give] no performance at all , except in so far as the contract term [ i.e .

First , section 3 , where it applies , does not render a clause ineffective if the clause is shown to satisfy the requirement of reasonableness .
first , section 3 , where it applies , does not [make/give] a clause ineffective if the clause is shown to satisfy the requirement of reasonableness .

Section 6 , however , does not render a clause void unless the clause , properly interpreted , purports to exclude or limit liability under sections 13–15 of the Sale of Goods Act .
section 6 , however , does not [make/give] a clause void unless the clause , properly interpreted , purports to exclude or limit liability under sections 13–15 of the sale of goods act .

Subsequent recklessness will not render criminal an earlier statement .
subsequent recklessness will not [make/give] criminal an earlier statement .

The major problem is likely to be that enterprising ‘ try-outers ’ will hack the code they 've been given to play with and render the program fully usable if companies merely decrement a counter and destroy its function once it reaches zero as you suggest .
the major problem is likely to be that enterprising ‘ try-outers ’ will hack the code they 've been given to play with and [make/give] the program fully usable if companies merely decrement a counter and destroy its function once it reaches zero as you suggest .

In Impressionist Cats ( 1992 ) , her favourite artist to render is Van Gogh because she finds his style ‘ so recognisable and easy to imitate ’ .
in impressionist cats ( 1992 ) , her favourite artist to [make/give] is van gogh because she finds his style ‘ so recognisable and easy to imitate ’ .

Even then , differences in the format of their respective accounts may render comparison meaningless without a great deal of investigation .
even then , differences in the format of their respective accounts may [make/give] comparison meaningless without a great deal of investigation .

Gould was charmed by these little parrots whose ‘ extreme cheerfulness of disposition and sprightliness of manner ’ he said ‘ render it an especial favourite with all who have had an opportunity of seeing it alive ’ .
gould was charmed by these little parrots whose ‘ extreme cheerfulness of disposition and sprightliness of manner ’ he said ‘ [make/give] it an especial favourite with all who have had an opportunity of seeing it alive ’ .

Here again Iran 's strategic aim had been to render its opponent harder to govern .
here again iran 's strategic aim had been to [make/give] its opponent harder to govern .

Brigade chairman says the force has turned down allowances for its services because the formation of the brigade was voluntary and they are proud to render their services to the people and the country .
brigade chairman says the force has turned down allowances for its services because the formation of the brigade was voluntary and they are proud to [make/give] their services to the people and the country .

Tamed instincts may protect the individual from vulnerability to external aggression or from emotional abandonment by one to whom he or she is fully committed in an act of love ; but in the process they also render life experiences flat and stand in the way of necessary instinctual release .
tamed instincts may protect the individual from vulnerability to external aggression or from emotional abandonment by one to whom he or she is fully committed in an act of love ; but in the process they also [make/give] life experiences flat and stand in the way of necessary instinctual release .

Hence although corpus analysis will play an increasingly important role , it is Briscoe 's belief that it will not supplant others or render more theoretical work irrelevant .
hence although corpus analysis will play an increasingly important role , it is briscoe 's belief that it will not supplant others or [make/give] more theoretical work irrelevant .

As my right hon. Friend the Prime Minister has said many times , we should work as hard as we can in the heart of Europe to lead our partners away from the cause of Euro-dirigism and Euro-protectionism , which if allowed to develop under the influence of Madame Cresson and such people would render the entire Community less competitive in global markets and blight the prospects of the developing countries to the south and east of the existing Community .
as my right hon. friend the prime minister has said many times , we should work as hard as we can in the heart of europe to lead our partners away from the cause of euro-dirigism and euro-protectionism , which if allowed to develop under the influence of madame cresson and such people would [make/give] the entire community less competitive in global markets and blight the prospects of the developing countries to the south and east of the existing community .

If we find , on reaching office , that the programme is sufficiently far advanced to render it foolhardy to go back on it , we shall review the matter carefully .
if we find , on reaching office , that the programme is sufficiently far advanced to [make/give] it foolhardy to go back on it , we shall review the matter carefully .

It will necessitate six years of construction work for 24 hours , seven days a week , which will render many of the homes in that district uninhabitable for substantial periods .
it will necessitate six years of construction work for 24 hours , seven days a week , which will [make/give] many of the homes in that district uninhabitable for substantial periods .

One of the critical directions supported by recent work on the Renaissance is to render these other histories more visible and to examine the means by which they were hidden .
one of the critical directions supported by recent work on the renaissance is to [make/give] these other histories more visible and to examine the means by which they were hidden .

Once more , though , the poem reveals a play of language which render meaning unstable and even self-contradictory .
once more , though , the poem reveals a play of language which [make/give] meaning unstable and even self-contradictory .

’ The failure of the crop of Blackacre will render it impossible to perform the contract in the first example , whereas in the latter case the contract can be fulfilled by supplying potatoes from any source .
’ the failure of the crop of blackacre will [make/give] it impossible to perform the contract in the first example , whereas in the latter case the contract can be fulfilled by supplying potatoes from any source .

This authoritative ruling makes it clear that defects in appearance , if of sufficient degree , can render a vehicle unmerchantable .
this authoritative ruling makes it clear that defects in appearance , if of sufficient degree , can [make/give] a vehicle unmerchantable .

The merest blemish on a Rolls Royce might render it unmerchantable whereas it might not on a humbler car .
the merest blemish on a rolls royce might [make/give] it unmerchantable whereas it might not on a humbler car .

If exchange relationships were based totally on unscrupulous self-interested behaviour , the resulting distrust and the cost of legal action to enforce contracts would render market coordination much less efficient than it is in the presence of trust built up through networks and embedded social expectations that contracts will be honoured .
if exchange relationships were based totally on unscrupulous self-interested behaviour , the resulting distrust and the cost of legal action to enforce contracts would [make/give] market coordination much less efficient than it is in the presence of trust built up through networks and embedded social expectations that contracts will be honoured .

Attempts to stabilize an economy 's real output by systematic manipulation of aggregate demand will fail since , by making aggregate demand predictable , they also render it ineffective .
attempts to stabilize an economy 's real output by systematic manipulation of aggregate demand will fail since , by making aggregate demand predictable , they also [make/give] it ineffective .

So by selecting the appropriate value for γ 2 the government can render the distinction between aggregate and relative demand shocks irrelevant and create for agents a situation similar to one of full current information .
so by selecting the appropriate value for γ 2 the government can [make/give] the distinction between aggregate and relative demand shocks irrelevant and create for agents a situation similar to one of full current information .

But worse , far worse , was his ability to render her helpless whenever he touched her .
but worse , far worse , was his ability to [make/give] her helpless whenever he touched her .

5.35b ) which may render the corrosion , if minor , more difficult to distinguish .
5.35b ) which may [make/give] the corrosion , if minor , more difficult to distinguish .

Then she set to with bleach and scouring pads to render the vases spotless .
then she set to with bleach and scouring pads to [make/give] the vases spotless .

The operation of these factors would render the results of any study practically useless , as the Board soon began to find .
the operation of these factors would [make/give] the results of any study practically useless , as the board soon began to find .

To render capitalism more humane and efficient was the principal aim of the professional expert .
to [make/give] capitalism more humane and efficient was the principal aim of the professional expert .

We may also note that certain verbs seem to have the notion of change of state as the principal part of their meaning , not only make ( in one of its values ) as already cited , but also have ( again in one of its meanings ; see Chapter 9 for other uses ) , and render .
we may also note that certain verbs seem to have the notion of change of state as the principal part of their meaning , not only make ( in one of its values ) as already cited , but also have ( again in one of its meanings ; see chapter 9 for other uses ) , and [make/give] .

It also adopted a declaration `` on the equitable participation of the Lithuanian republic in the community of world states `` , which called on `` all states , their parliaments and governments to take into account the results of the poll … and render assistance to Lithuania `` .
it also adopted a declaration `` on the equitable participation of the lithuanian republic in the community of world states `` , which called on `` all states , their parliaments and governments to take into account the results of the poll … and [make/give] assistance to lithuania `` .

Elsewhere on the steeper slopes leaching removes enough mineral content from the thin poor soils to render them infertile and incapable of supporting more than a poor vegetation carrying very little stock .
elsewhere on the steeper slopes leaching removes enough mineral content from the thin poor soils to [make/give] them infertile and incapable of supporting more than a poor vegetation carrying very little stock .

In the example just given , if the Maoris remained away without exercising their rights continuously for one generation , their claims would not be materially affected , but absence for two generations would seriously weaken the claims and render them subject to some recognition by the tribe ; they would not entirely cease until after an absence of three generations …
in the example just given , if the maoris remained away without exercising their rights continuously for one generation , their claims would not be materially affected , but absence for two generations would seriously weaken the claims and [make/give] them subject to some recognition by the tribe ; they would not entirely cease until after an absence of three generations …

Counsel for the defendant … contended that the two agreements were , as he put it , `` interdependent `` and must be read together … However , it seems to us quite impossible to rewrite the two agreements in this matter as a matter of construction … Next counsel for the defendant , as we understood him , contended that , in so far as the two agreements purported to render each of the defendant and Miss Guile merely individually liable for the payment [ s ] , they were `` shams `` .
counsel for the defendant … contended that the two agreements were , as he put it , `` interdependent `` and must be read together … however , it seems to us quite impossible to rewrite the two agreements in this matter as a matter of construction … next counsel for the defendant , as we understood him , contended that , in so far as the two agreements purported to [make/give] each of the defendant and miss guile merely individually liable for the payment [ s ] , they were `` shams `` .

It is well settled that such a grant or demise will … impliedly confer on the grantee or lessee … easements over the land retained corresponding to the continuous or apparent quasi-easements enjoyed at the time of the grant or demise by the property granted or demised over the property retained … But the implications usually explained by the maxim … do not stop short with easements … Thus , if the grant or demise be made for a particular purpose , the grantor or lessor comes under an obligation not to use the land retained by him in such a way as to render the land granted or demised unfit or materially less fit for the particular purpose for which the grant or demise was made …
it is well settled that such a grant or demise will … impliedly confer on the grantee or lessee … easements over the land retained corresponding to the continuous or apparent quasi-easements enjoyed at the time of the grant or demise by the property granted or demised over the property retained … but the implications usually explained by the maxim … do not stop short with easements … thus , if the grant or demise be made for a particular purpose , the grantor or lessor comes under an obligation not to use the land retained by him in such a way as to [make/give] the land granted or demised unfit or materially less fit for the particular purpose for which the grant or demise was made …

An event which occurs after the breach of duty and which contributes to the plaintiff 's damage , may break the chain of causation , so as to render the defendant not liable for any damage beyond this point .
an event which occurs after the breach of duty and which contributes to the plaintiff 's damage , may break the chain of causation , so as to [make/give] the defendant not liable for any damage beyond this point .

The fact that the burns had come about in an unforeseeable way did not render the damage too remote .
the fact that the burns had come about in an unforeseeable way did not [make/give] the damage too remote .

However , the defendant may allege that the plaintiff 's conduct breaks the chain of causation , so as to render the defendant not liable for some , or all , of the plaintiff 's damage .
however , the defendant may allege that the plaintiff 's conduct breaks the chain of causation , so as to [make/give] the defendant not liable for some , or all , of the plaintiff 's damage .

In considering whether the plaintiff was contributorily negligent the court will take into account factors similar to those which would render the defendant negligent .
in considering whether the plaintiff was contributorily negligent the court will take into account factors similar to those which would [make/give] the defendant negligent .

If a person is given permission to enter a building at a particular time , then entry at another time may render him a trespasser .
if a person is given permission to enter a building at a particular time , then entry at another time may [make/give] him a trespasser .

If these Institutions should become established throughout the kingdom , there is good reason to hope they will produce an happy change in the general Morals of the People , and thereby render the Severities of Justice less frequently necessary .
if these institutions should become established throughout the kingdom , there is good reason to hope they will produce an happy change in the general morals of the people , and thereby [make/give] the severities of justice less frequently necessary .

In the debate Lord Holland recognised the dread among the upper classes that the lower orders might be seduced by subversive principles , `` particularly afloat at this moment `` , but also considered that some masters were taking advantage of this moment to `` enforce their views and render their workmen more dependent than they had hitherto been and than in all fairness and equity they ought to be `` .
in the debate lord holland recognised the dread among the upper classes that the lower orders might be seduced by subversive principles , `` particularly afloat at this moment `` , but also considered that some masters were taking advantage of this moment to `` enforce their views and [make/give] their workmen more dependent than they had hitherto been and than in all fairness and equity they ought to be `` .

There are also other provisions to prevent a party claiming he is entitled to render a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected from him , or rendering no performance at all , of the whole or part of the contract .
there are also other provisions to prevent a party claiming he is entitled to [make/give] a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected from him , or rendering no performance at all , of the whole or part of the contract .

Later , it was said that where there had been a fundamental breach of contract , that is , if one party fails to carry out his part of the bargain at all or attempts to render a performance totally different from that contemplated , then that party could not rely on an exclusion clause ( see Karsales ( Harrow ) Ltd. v Wallis [ 1956 ] ) .
later , it was said that where there had been a fundamental breach of contract , that is , if one party fails to carry out his part of the bargain at all or attempts to [make/give] a performance totally different from that contemplated , then that party could not rely on an exclusion clause ( see karsales ( harrow ) ltd. v wallis [ 1956 ] ) .

In this light , anyone who would still assert that the attribution of a northern dialect to the clerks by a London court poet was simply meant to render them intrinsically absurd must surely think again .
in this light , anyone who would still assert that the attribution of a northern dialect to the clerks by a london court poet was simply meant to [make/give] them intrinsically absurd must surely think again .

However , by assimilating and making their own so many Greek gods , literary conventions , artistic forms , philosophical ideas and social customs , they put themselves and the Greeks in a unique reciprocal situation ; the more so because they made their own language an instrument of thought which could rival Greek and render Greek ideas with remarkable precision ( though the Greeks never quite accepted the fact ) .
however , by assimilating and making their own so many greek gods , literary conventions , artistic forms , philosophical ideas and social customs , they put themselves and the greeks in a unique reciprocal situation ; the more so because they made their own language an instrument of thought which could rival greek and [make/give] greek ideas with remarkable precision ( though the greeks never quite accepted the fact ) .

The study reported in this paper has adopted the latter approach and has explored one of the constant metabolic effects of ethanol on the pancreas — namely , increased lysosomal fragility , which may render the organ susceptible to autodigestion by facilitating contact between pancreatic digestive enzymes and lysosomal hydrolases .
the study reported in this paper has adopted the latter approach and has explored one of the constant metabolic effects of ethanol on the pancreas — namely , increased lysosomal fragility , which may [make/give] the organ susceptible to autodigestion by facilitating contact between pancreatic digestive enzymes and lysosomal hydrolases .

In vitro , oncogenes cooperate to transform cells and render them tumorigenic .
in vitro , oncogenes cooperate to transform cells and [make/give] them tumorigenic .

Even then , differences in the format of their respective accounts may render comparison meaningless without a great deal of investigation .
even then , differences in the format of their respective accounts may [make/give] comparison meaningless without a great deal of investigation .

Mrs Nutt submitted that it would be difficult , if not impossible , for the appellant to try and set about to prove that the co-defendant had not committed an act of gross indecency with him , that he was in effect deprived of any opportunity of cross-examining or otherwise challenging the co-defendant and that to admit the evidence would be simply to render the proceedings against the appellant wholly unfair .
mrs nutt submitted that it would be difficult , if not impossible , for the appellant to try and set about to prove that the co-defendant had not committed an act of gross indecency with him , that he was in effect deprived of any opportunity of cross-examining or otherwise challenging the co-defendant and that to admit the evidence would be simply to [make/give] the proceedings against the appellant wholly unfair .

Occasionally , and this was such an occasion , Elisabeth Danziger experienced a feeling of disorientation so powerful as to render her environment totally unfamiliar .
occasionally , and this was such an occasion , elisabeth danziger experienced a feeling of disorientation so powerful as to [make/give] her environment totally unfamiliar .

… ’ And here old Mother Jacobsen assumed a slightly different position in her chair to render a pompous tone .
… ’ and here old mother jacobsen assumed a slightly different position in her chair to [make/give] a pompous tone .

Chewing on a lump of gristle in an effort to render it small enough to pass through her swollen throat , Evelyn thought back over her first meeting with Biff Thacker .
chewing on a lump of gristle in an effort to [make/give] it small enough to pass through her swollen throat , evelyn thought back over her first meeting with biff thacker .

The curvature of a ceiling can render a space introvert or extrovert .
the curvature of a ceiling can [make/give] a space introvert or extrovert .

These technologies carry their own intrinsic scales which are not human yet can render unprecedented service to mankind .
these technologies carry their own intrinsic scales which are not human yet can [make/give] unprecedented service to mankind .

The achievement of Macmillan ( who before the war once declared that ‘ Toryism has always been a form of paternal socialism ’ ) was to adopt the more liberal ideas of men like Butler to render the rest of the meal palatable .
the achievement of macmillan ( who before the war once declared that ‘ toryism has always been a form of paternal socialism ’ ) was to adopt the more liberal ideas of men like butler to [make/give] the rest of the meal palatable .

That does not render it inedible if you cook it within a few hours — or freeze it immediately .
that does not [make/give] it inedible if you cook it within a few hours — or freeze it immediately .

Torts committed by the wife during marriage render her liable , but , since 1935 , impose no liability on her husband unless he has authorized or ratified them .
torts committed by the wife during marriage [make/give] her liable , but , since 1935 , impose no liability on her husband unless he has authorized or ratified them .

But the effect of a Measure of the Church Assembly of 1923 has been to render advowsons virtually inalienable , except in the case of a sale of land to which an advowson is appendant .
but the effect of a measure of the church assembly of 1923 has been to [make/give] advowsons virtually inalienable , except in the case of a sale of land to which an advowson is appendant .

The dams also render the animals easy prey for hunters and trap them when the water is drained for irrigation .
the dams also [make/give] the animals easy prey for hunters and trap them when the water is drained for irrigation .

In relation to God 's creation , over which he seems to exercise control , man is in danger of failing to recognize that he is a trustee , a steward , who must render account .
in relation to god 's creation , over which he seems to exercise control , man is in danger of failing to recognize that he is a trustee , a steward , who must [make/give] account .

That is explicitly contrary to Article 23 of the third convention , whereby the presence of a prisoner may not ‘ be used to render certain points or areas immune from military operations .
that is explicitly contrary to article 23 of the third convention , whereby the presence of a prisoner may not ‘ be used to [make/give] certain points or areas immune from military operations .

They have devised a new plan calling for a dozen man-made lakes to store rain and to render the Atlanta region ‘ drought-proof ’ for the next half-century .
they have devised a new plan calling for a dozen man-made lakes to store rain and to [make/give] the atlanta region ‘ drought-proof ’ for the next half-century .

As governor of the island of Española , Colon ordered the hands to be struck off any native who failed to render up a quarterly tribute of gold or 25 pounds of spun cotton .
as governor of the island of española , colon ordered the hands to be struck off any native who failed to [make/give] up a quarterly tribute of gold or 25 pounds of spun cotton .

The Whitehall-propagated view is that the changes in Eastern Europe are so momentous they render European Monetary Union , a common fiscal policy and the charter obsolete .
the whitehall-propagated view is that the changes in eastern europe are so momentous they [make/give] european monetary union , a common fiscal policy and the charter obsolete .

Lord Justice Watkins , sitting with Mr Justice Garland , also rejected criticism made by Mr Justice Henry at an earlier hearing that Mr Saunders had set up a trust fund to render himself less likely to face litigation and reduce his ability to pay legal costs .
lord justice watkins , sitting with mr justice garland , also rejected criticism made by mr justice henry at an earlier hearing that mr saunders had set up a trust fund to [make/give] himself less likely to face litigation and reduce his ability to pay legal costs .

‘ Dilution ’ did not ‘ render harmless ’ sulphur emissions .
‘ dilution ’ did not ‘ [make/give] harmless ’ sulphur emissions .

First it would try to prevent emissions , second to render them harmless if prevention was not practicable .
first it would try to prevent emissions , second to [make/give] them harmless if prevention was not practicable .

Above all , the language barriers render true debate impossible , and they make the workings of the Parliament opaque to the ordinary voter .
above all , the language barriers [make/give] true debate impossible , and they make the workings of the parliament opaque to the ordinary voter .

Clearly it is no mere anthropomorphism to point out that the functional relation between these two and their capacity in man to render the species largely independent from and a controller of his natural environment has become a prime factor in the advance of man over other primate species .
clearly it is no mere anthropomorphism to point out that the functional relation between these two and their capacity in man to [make/give] the species largely independent from and a controller of his natural environment has become a prime factor in the advance of man over other primate species .

Finally , failure to comply with the provisions of the Act once it comes into force will render the builder liable to prosecution and a fine .
finally , failure to comply with the provisions of the act once it comes into force will [make/give] the builder liable to prosecution and a fine .

Indeed , these stereotypes can be used to render obvious to outsiders the motivation and blame for particular incidents .
indeed , these stereotypes can be used to [make/give] obvious to outsiders the motivation and blame for particular incidents .

Bernini is evidently attempting to render something quite transcendental and something which had never been attempted by a sculptor before that date .
bernini is evidently attempting to [make/give] something quite transcendental and something which had never been attempted by a sculptor before that date .

To it we owe that nervous , spidery line of the drawings — so quick , so attentive , yet so despairing — that alerts us to the elusiveness of the subject at the same time that it perseveres in the attempt to render it .
to it we owe that nervous , spidery line of the drawings — so quick , so attentive , yet so despairing — that alerts us to the elusiveness of the subject at the same time that it perseveres in the attempt to [make/give] it .

Artificial plastic beams are frequently introduced , ceilings are stripped of plaster to reveal floor joists that were never intended to be seen , other timbers are artificially blackened to create a supposedly ‘ traditional ’ though in fact inauthentic ‘ black and white ’ effect and render or plaster is removed from walls to produce ‘ rustic ’ charm .
artificial plastic beams are frequently introduced , ceilings are stripped of plaster to reveal floor joists that were never intended to be seen , other timbers are artificially blackened to create a supposedly ‘ traditional ’ though in fact inauthentic ‘ black and white ’ effect and [make/give] or plaster is removed from walls to produce ‘ rustic ’ charm .

( The language of the extract has been modernized to render it accessible to the general reader .
( the language of the extract has been modernized to [make/give] it accessible to the general reader .

Many years ago , when there were only relatively inaccurate and non-specific blood-tests for the diagnosis of syphilis , it was the aim of treatment to render these blood-tests negative and treatment would be continued with this end in view .
many years ago , when there were only relatively inaccurate and non-specific blood-tests for the diagnosis of syphilis , it was the aim of treatment to [make/give] these blood-tests negative and treatment would be continued with this end in view .

Often referred to as a ‘ lumbar punch ’ , which sounds like a particularly nasty boxing foul , it is commonly thought to paralyse from the waist down those few lucky enough to survive the procedure , or at least render them impotent and incapable of sexual intercourse .
often referred to as a ‘ lumbar punch ’ , which sounds like a particularly nasty boxing foul , it is commonly thought to paralyse from the waist down those few lucky enough to survive the procedure , or at least [make/give] them impotent and incapable of sexual intercourse .

The word ‘ natural ’ will still be allowed , says the Ministry of Agriculture 's Food Advisory Committee , for ‘ single foods of a traditional nature to which nothing has been added and which have been subjected only to such processing as to render them suitable for human consumption .
the word ‘ natural ’ will still be allowed , says the ministry of agriculture 's food advisory committee , for ‘ single foods of a traditional nature to which nothing has been added and which have been subjected only to such processing as to [make/give] them suitable for human consumption .

Any one of these subsidiary factors may be sufficiently important to render a farm unsuitable , but no combination of them can make a viable farm if the land has insufficient potential .
any one of these subsidiary factors may be sufficiently important to [make/give] a farm unsuitable , but no combination of them can make a viable farm if the land has insufficient potential .

It is important that pockets render completely unaerodynamic any garment they come into contact with .
it is important that pockets [make/give] completely unaerodynamic any garment they come into contact with .

Collect rents , deal with arrears , maintain and render quarterly or monthly accounts
collect rents , deal with arrears , maintain and [make/give] quarterly or monthly accounts

Industry will have to pay for the licences they are granted and will have a duty to reduce pollution and render their discharges harmless .
industry will have to pay for the licences they are granted and will have a duty to reduce pollution and [make/give] their discharges harmless .

Mr Roger Lankester , the party 's pollution specialist , said : ‘ My biggest criticism is that each part of the bill appears to have a loophole or get-out clause which will render much of it unenforceable . ’
mr roger lankester , the party 's pollution specialist , said : ‘ my biggest criticism is that each part of the bill appears to have a loophole or get-out clause which will [make/give] much of it unenforceable . ’

Baldwin and Samuel said that they were willing to serve under the Prime Minister and render all help possible to carry on the Government as a National Emergency Government until an emergency bill or bills had been passed by Parliament , which would restore once more British credit and the confidence of foreigners .
baldwin and samuel said that they were willing to serve under the prime minister and [make/give] all help possible to carry on the government as a national emergency government until an emergency bill or bills had been passed by parliament , which would restore once more british credit and the confidence of foreigners .

In its present form , rent restriction is causing an appalling wastage of existing accommodation and condemning millions of families to ever-worsening conditions , by restricting rents to levels which render the repair and maintenance of premises impossible .
in its present form , rent restriction is causing an appalling wastage of existing accommodation and condemning millions of families to ever-worsening conditions , by restricting rents to levels which [make/give] the repair and maintenance of premises impossible .

The third stage ( 1946 ) was to increase the pension to what was intended to be subsistence level , but render it conditional on retirement and make contribution compulsory for virtually all .
the third stage ( 1946 ) was to increase the pension to what was intended to be subsistence level , but [make/give] it conditional on retirement and make contribution compulsory for virtually all .

At a level where either the commander concerned or the typist could not render ‘ Marxist ’ correctly in Russian , it seems doubtful whether rejoicing for the Paris Commune would be very well informed or sincere .
at a level where either the commander concerned or the typist could not [make/give] ‘ marxist ’ correctly in russian , it seems doubtful whether rejoicing for the paris commune would be very well informed or sincere .

Many analyses of the unions in the 1970s suggested that such political power as they possessed rested on their ability to defy incomes policies over time and veto ( as In Place of Strife ) or render inoperable the policies or legislation which they did not like .
many analyses of the unions in the 1970s suggested that such political power as they possessed rested on their ability to defy incomes policies over time and veto ( as in place of strife ) or [make/give] inoperable the policies or legislation which they did not like .

What price then that metaphysical guarantee of social differentiation when it is so easily abolished in the confusion it was supposed to preempt and render impossible ?
what price then that metaphysical guarantee of social differentiation when it is so easily abolished in the confusion it was supposed to preempt and [make/give] impossible ?

In December 1757 he tried to excuse himself ‘ as my abode is at such distance from the place where the Royal Society hold their weekly meetings as to render it not only inconvenient , but unsafe for me to attend them in the winter season .
in december 1757 he tried to excuse himself ‘ as my abode is at such distance from the place where the royal society hold their weekly meetings as to [make/give] it not only inconvenient , but unsafe for me to attend them in the winter season .

The last and incomplete letter from Miller in the Darlington collection , dated 10 November 1769 , carried a wish for plants from Bartram 's garden , because he believed there to be new genera amongst them , but specimens had been ‘ so much compressed as to render the distinguishing characters very doubtful ’ .
the last and incomplete letter from miller in the darlington collection , dated 10 november 1769 , carried a wish for plants from bartram 's garden , because he believed there to be new genera amongst them , but specimens had been ‘ so much compressed as to [make/give] the distinguishing characters very doubtful ’ .

In this preface Miller apologised for alterations and additions which would render previous editions of inferior value .
in this preface miller apologised for alterations and additions which would [make/give] previous editions of inferior value .

As there are many persons of distinction in England who are pleased to honour the art of gardening by making it a considerable part of their amusement and have been greatly assisting in the introducing of large numbers of new plants , shrubs and trees into the English gardens and as some of these noble persons have studied the science of botany and are well acquainted with the characters and true names of the plants … their example will render it necessary for the professors of Gardening at least to know the plants they cultivate by their proper titles …
as there are many persons of distinction in england who are pleased to honour the art of gardening by making it a considerable part of their amusement and have been greatly assisting in the introducing of large numbers of new plants , shrubs and trees into the english gardens and as some of these noble persons have studied the science of botany and are well acquainted with the characters and true names of the plants … their example will [make/give] it necessary for the professors of gardening at least to know the plants they cultivate by their proper titles …

No edition of Miller 's Dictionary included illustrations on a lavish scale and , although Thomas Martyn recognised that his was an age of ‘ sumptuous plates and ornamental publications ’ , he included in his revised edition of 1807 ‘ nothing beyond utility … to render the book really useful to botanists and gardeners .
no edition of miller 's dictionary included illustrations on a lavish scale and , although thomas martyn recognised that his was an age of ‘ sumptuous plates and ornamental publications ’ , he included in his revised edition of 1807 ‘ nothing beyond utility … to [make/give] the book really useful to botanists and gardeners .

This together with their long continuance in flower , has justly render 'd them the most valuable of all the sorts of flowering shrubs … the great Variety of different Sorts of Roses make a collection of Flowers , either for Basons or in the Garden , without any other additional mixture and their Scent , being the most inoffensive Sweet , is generally esteemed .
this together with their long continuance in flower , has justly [make/give] 'd them the most valuable of all the sorts of flowering shrubs … the great variety of different sorts of roses make a collection of flowers , either for basons or in the garden , without any other additional mixture and their scent , being the most inoffensive sweet , is generally esteemed .

Beckett goes on to add that ‘ it is developments such as these that render adoption unstable ’ .
beckett goes on to add that ‘ it is developments such as these that [make/give] adoption unstable ’ .

Thus he actively sought to crush the Slavs and Saxons , and forcibly render them Christian , just as his grandfather Charles Martel ( who died in 741 ) had converted the Frisians and Thuringians .
thus he actively sought to crush the slavs and saxons , and forcibly [make/give] them christian , just as his grandfather charles martel ( who died in 741 ) had converted the frisians and thuringians .

Take the word ‘ vibe ’ out of the Dublin hipster 's vocabulary and you render him speechless .
take the word ‘ vibe ’ out of the dublin hipster 's vocabulary and you [make/give] him speechless .

At best the faker can try and render the surface somewhat weathered and pitted by treatment with hydrofluoric acid , but the presence of fluorides in the surface can be easily detected .
at best the faker can try and [make/give] the surface somewhat weathered and pitted by treatment with hydrofluoric acid , but the presence of fluorides in the surface can be easily detected .

The notion that the menstruating woman pollutes the sacred spaces of men is the sublimation of these fantasies that the female blood power will render male physio-cultural power null and void .
the notion that the menstruating woman pollutes the sacred spaces of men is the sublimation of these fantasies that the female blood power will [make/give] male physio-cultural power null and void .

Another aspect of this later circumcision of particular pertinence to the present discussion is that removal of the foreskin did not on its own render the rite effective .
another aspect of this later circumcision of particular pertinence to the present discussion is that removal of the foreskin did not on its own [make/give] the rite effective .

It was only then , for example , that John Bright , busy Member of Parliament , revealed that his stepmother , who had lived alone as a widow for nearly thirty years to the age of 95 , the last ten years blind , was visited daily by his own wife ‘ to chat with her and to cheer with her in her solitude and blindness , or to render her any help in her power .
it was only then , for example , that john bright , busy member of parliament , revealed that his stepmother , who had lived alone as a widow for nearly thirty years to the age of 95 , the last ten years blind , was visited daily by his own wife ‘ to chat with her and to cheer with her in her solitude and blindness , or to [make/give] her any help in her power .

Simon 's decision to dispense with normal syntax implies that stylistically the intention is to render the real more satisfactorily than the conventional novel would allow .
simon 's decision to dispense with normal syntax implies that stylistically the intention is to [make/give] the real more satisfactorily than the conventional novel would allow .

The existing building has been carefully restored externally : the brickwork on the Holyrood Street elevation was cleaned and repaired and the render on the rear elevation was largely replaced and painted white .
the existing building has been carefully restored externally : the brickwork on the holyrood street elevation was cleaned and repaired and the [make/give] on the rear elevation was largely replaced and painted white .

It is well established that explicit discrimination training can render the effects of a conditioning procedure context-dependent .
it is well established that explicit discrimination training can [make/give] the effects of a conditioning procedure context-dependent .

All the experiments discussed so far have made use of a two-stage procedure — an initial phase of discrimination training intended to render the cues distinctive , followed by a test in which the nature of the task is changed but which still requires discrimination between these same cues .
all the experiments discussed so far have made use of a two-stage procedure — an initial phase of discrimination training intended to [make/give] the cues distinctive , followed by a test in which the nature of the task is changed but which still requires discrimination between these same cues .

But they do n't care that the only honest answer to the West Lothian Question — which is to deny the right of Scots MPs to share in legislating for England and Wales on those subjects which in Scotland have been devolved to the Scottish parliament — would render any British government unstable , since it might possess a majority on some issues but not on others .
but they do n't care that the only honest answer to the west lothian question — which is to deny the right of scots mps to share in legislating for england and wales on those subjects which in scotland have been devolved to the scottish parliament — would [make/give] any british government unstable , since it might possess a majority on some issues but not on others .

Genetic screening , to determine if the worker 's chromosomes render him vulnerable to occupational illness , looms on the horizon .
genetic screening , to determine if the worker 's chromosomes [make/give] him vulnerable to occupational illness , looms on the horizon .

The eventual aim is find out whether engineered genes render a crop plant more aggressive than its traditional relatives — and more likely to decamp from cultivation .
the eventual aim is find out whether engineered genes [make/give] a crop plant more aggressive than its traditional relatives — and more likely to decamp from cultivation .

Just as its perspective gathers all that is extended to render it to the individual eye , so its means of representation render all that is depicted into the hands of the individual owner-spectator .
just as its perspective gathers all that is extended to [make/give] it to the individual eye , so its means of representation [make/give] all that is depicted into the hands of the individual owner-spectator .

Mistakes which they make about factors which determine the limits of their jurisdiction render their decisions void .
mistakes which they make about factors which determine the limits of their jurisdiction [make/give] their decisions void .

Side by side , teacher and pupil should test and render practical any theoretical ideas that were presented .
side by side , teacher and pupil should test and [make/give] practical any theoretical ideas that were presented .

To consider the issue in greater detail , the only circumstance under which his omission to treat his patient further could render him guilty of manslaughter is where he has failed to act in a situation where the criminal law imposes on him a duty to act and death has ensued .
to consider the issue in greater detail , the only circumstance under which his omission to treat his patient further could [make/give] him guilty of manslaughter is where he has failed to act in a situation where the criminal law imposes on him a duty to act and death has ensued .

The ones who really enjoy it play the sporting card for all it 's worth ; the others pray that it will render them a touch more human .
the ones who really enjoy it play the sporting card for all it 's worth ; the others pray that it will [make/give] them a touch more human .

’ The Code itself imposes no legal obligations and failure to observe it does not by itself render anyone liable to proceedings .
’ the code itself imposes no legal obligations and failure to observe it does not by itself [make/give] anyone liable to proceedings .

If Salmonella and Listeria are to cause problems , living cells of the bacteria have to be present in the food when it is eaten . Normal , but thorough , cooking should destroy these cells and render them harmless
if salmonella and listeria are to cause problems , living cells of the bacteria have to be present in the food when it is eaten . normal , but thorough , cooking should destroy these cells and [make/give] them harmless

Other sea monsters washed ashore have proved objects of interest and attraction to visitors at first , but soon becoming so offensive as to render the town of Looe barely inhabitable .
other sea monsters washed ashore have proved objects of interest and attraction to visitors at first , but soon becoming so offensive as to [make/give] the town of looe barely inhabitable .

a large enough proportion of the total of users to render the results statistically valid .
a large enough proportion of the total of users to [make/give] the results statistically valid .

McClellan 's work on logistics relates to public library provision , where the wide subject range of user needs and the variety of levels of need render some form of logistic approach highly desirable .
mcclellan 's work on logistics relates to public library provision , where the wide subject range of user needs and the variety of levels of need [make/give] some form of logistic approach highly desirable .

Failure to disperse after it has been read publicly by a magistrate or other official may render an offender liable to imprisonment .
failure to disperse after it has been read publicly by a magistrate or other official may [make/give] an offender liable to imprisonment .

Laws without strong enforcement are words without deeds , and the tragic truth is that courts in both England and the United States have displayed a general unwillingness to mete out harsh punishment to those found guilty of cruelty to animals and an even greater reluctance to render guilty verdicts in the first place .
laws without strong enforcement are words without deeds , and the tragic truth is that courts in both england and the united states have displayed a general unwillingness to mete out harsh punishment to those found guilty of cruelty to animals and an even greater reluctance to [make/give] guilty verdicts in the first place .

Unless there are exceptional circumstances which render you liable to be sacked straight away ( a few examples are set out in Clause 9 in the sample agreement in Appendix 1 ) , you will be entitled to notice .
unless there are exceptional circumstances which [make/give] you liable to be sacked straight away ( a few examples are set out in clause 9 in the sample agreement in appendix 1 ) , you will be entitled to notice .

In extreme cases , unjustified delay can render a dismissal unfair even in a case where a similar penalty would have been legitimate had management not dragged its feet .
in extreme cases , unjustified delay can [make/give] a dismissal unfair even in a case where a similar penalty would have been legitimate had management not dragged its feet .

If they do so , and you are nevertheless denied the right to appeal , that could render an otherwise justified dismissal unfair .
if they do so , and you are nevertheless denied the right to appeal , that could [make/give] an otherwise justified dismissal unfair .

The jurists were already prepared to supplement such wordings in order to render the disposition valid .
the jurists were already prepared to supplement such wordings in order to [make/give] the disposition valid .

For example let us consider , not the secondary school , with the off quoted prospective examples of teacher shortages in science , modern languages and maths which will render nugatory the pious hopes of implementing the National Curriculum in many secondary schools , but the apparently much simpler case of the primary schools .
for example let us consider , not the secondary school , with the off quoted prospective examples of teacher shortages in science , modern languages and maths which will [make/give] nugatory the pious hopes of implementing the national curriculum in many secondary schools , but the apparently much simpler case of the primary schools .

However , if an exemption is granted , it will generally render the agreement retroactively valid from the date of notification .
however , if an exemption is granted , it will generally [make/give] the agreement retroactively valid from the date of notification .

Moreover , failure on the part of an undertaking being investigated to produce relevant documents to the Commission can render it liable to fines on a daily basis .
moreover , failure on the part of an undertaking being investigated to produce relevant documents to the commission can [make/give] it liable to fines on a daily basis .

This in turn will render you able to master your body .
this in turn will [make/give] you able to master your body .

So there was a chance that fusion , which would derive its energy from deuterium , an isotope of hydrogen and a constituent of ordinary water , could come along and render fission redundant .
so there was a chance that fusion , which would derive its energy from deuterium , an isotope of hydrogen and a constituent of ordinary water , could come along and [make/give] fission redundant .

Since the 1950s laboratory and field research has also focused on the genetic manipulation of insects ( genetic control ) so as to render them sterile , partially sterile , more susceptible to conventional methods of control , or harmless to man .
since the 1950s laboratory and field research has also focused on the genetic manipulation of insects ( genetic control ) so as to [make/give] them sterile , partially sterile , more susceptible to conventional methods of control , or harmless to man .

To eliminate this , as in double-blind trials , would in many cases render the therapy impotent .
to eliminate this , as in double-blind trials , would in many cases [make/give] the therapy impotent .

in language skills ) , while the official examination is clearly constructed with the intention of testing different ones ; or cases in which the official aims of education extol the virtues of self-reliance and enquiry-based education , whereas the official syllabus contains an outline of content so rigid and overcrowded as to render any initiative almost impossible to achieve .
in language skills ) , while the official examination is clearly constructed with the intention of testing different ones ; or cases in which the official aims of education extol the virtues of self-reliance and enquiry-based education , whereas the official syllabus contains an outline of content so rigid and overcrowded as to [make/give] any initiative almost impossible to achieve .

For example , a large family shareholding which , if sold , might render a family company vulnerable to takeover , could instead be sold to an Esop .
for example , a large family shareholding which , if sold , might [make/give] a family company vulnerable to takeover , could instead be sold to an esop .

The better way to handle the situation is to render the cats infertile without actually neutering them .
the better way to handle the situation is to [make/give] the cats infertile without actually neutering them .

When he asked rhetorically , what ‘ services , can we render ?
when he asked rhetorically , what ‘ services , can we [make/give] ?

The Report of the Consultative Committee on Continuation Schools ( no doubt under the influence of Sadler ) quoted him approvingly when he wrote that apprentices should learn ‘ the truth of the maxim that the meaning of life is not to rule but to render service to one 's neighbour , service to one 's calling , service to one 's native country , service to truth and to justice ’ .
the report of the consultative committee on continuation schools ( no doubt under the influence of sadler ) quoted him approvingly when he wrote that apprentices should learn ‘ the truth of the maxim that the meaning of life is not to rule but to [make/give] service to one 's neighbour , service to one 's calling , service to one 's native country , service to truth and to justice ’ .

It stated that the private houses , which formed the Foreign and Colonial Offices , were ‘ inadequate to the present extent of public business , in parts unsafe , and generally in such a state of dilapidation as to render it inexpedient to expend any large sum in their substantial repair ’ .
it stated that the private houses , which formed the foreign and colonial offices , were ‘ inadequate to the present extent of public business , in parts unsafe , and generally in such a state of dilapidation as to [make/give] it inexpedient to expend any large sum in their substantial repair ’ .

Simply waiting and negotiating , we might have seen the market itself render the keeping of slaves too costly an enterprise .
simply waiting and negotiating , we might have seen the market itself [make/give] the keeping of slaves too costly an enterprise .

The faithful object and insist on the teaching found in Matthew 22:21 : “ Render therefore , unto Caesar the things which are Caesar ’ s ; and unto God , the things that are God ’ s. ” 35 The constitutional right to “ freedom of religion , ” they argue , requires special exemptions for those who dissent , as a matter of conscience , from the laws applicable to others .
the faithful object and insist on the teaching found in matthew 22:21 : “ [make/give] therefore , unto caesar the things which are caesar ’ s ; and unto god , the things that are god ’ s. ” 35 the constitutional right to “ freedom of religion , ” they argue , requires special exemptions for those who dissent , as a matter of conscience , from the laws applicable to others .

Under modern capitalism there are many conditions that render choices less than fully free .
under modern capitalism there are many conditions that [make/give] choices less than fully free .

Impersonators render uncanny performances of the Four Tops and Elvis , as well as modern stars like Michael Jackson and Tina Turner .
impersonators [make/give] uncanny performances of the four tops and elvis , as well as modern stars like michael jackson and tina turner .

The Board is concerned with the possibility of establishing requirements so detailed as to render the consolidated financial report unwieldy , unfriendly to the potential user and obfuscating of important information .
the board is concerned with the possibility of establishing requirements so detailed as to [make/give] the consolidated financial report unwieldy , unfriendly to the potential user and obfuscating of important information .

Managers of these programs are often asked to render an account of their activities and related results to legislative bodies and the public .
managers of these programs are often asked to [make/give] an account of their activities and related results to legislative bodies and the public .

GAO also has statutory authority to render decisions on matters such as bid protests and the availability and use of appropriated funds .
gao also has statutory authority to [make/give] decisions on matters such as bid protests and the availability and use of appropriated funds .

The failure to execute a single principle may render the others less effective .
the failure to execute a single principle may [make/give] the others less effective .

The CIA official who held one-on-one discussions with Erwa said that Erwa never offered to expel Bin Ladin to the United States or render him to another country .
the cia official who held one-on-one discussions with erwa said that erwa never offered to expel bin ladin to the united states or [make/give] him to another country .

UNSCR 1267 demanded that the Taliban render Bin Ladin to justice within 30 days ; upon noncompliance , UN member states were called on to restrict takeoff and landing rights of Taliban-owned aircraft .
unscr 1267 demanded that the taliban [make/give] bin ladin to justice within 30 days ; upon noncompliance , un member states were called on to restrict takeoff and landing rights of taliban-owned aircraft .

Figures cited in the DCI 's letter to President Clinton in October , however , are slightly different : CTC had helped render 32 terrorists to justice since July 1998 , more than half of whom were al Qaeda .
figures cited in the dci 's letter to president clinton in october , however , are slightly different : ctc had helped [make/give] 32 terrorists to justice since july 1998 , more than half of whom were al qaeda .

Some postulate that the “ new genetics ” will render conventional notions of race obsolete .
some postulate that the “ new genetics ” will [make/give] conventional notions of race obsolete .

These findings render the results particularly difficult to interpret .
these findings [make/give] the results particularly difficult to interpret .

We suspect that the intensely professionally centered enculturation most physicians receive in their training and practice environments may render them , in the words of John Seely Brown and Paul Draguld , “ blinkered if not blind ” to the emergence of many promising new technocultural changes , which currently present new opportunities for health-care innovation [ 10 ] .
we suspect that the intensely professionally centered enculturation most physicians receive in their training and practice environments may [make/give] them , in the words of john seely brown and paul draguld , “ blinkered if not blind ” to the emergence of many promising new technocultural changes , which currently present new opportunities for health-care innovation [ 10 ] .

Findings from the accumulated literature appear to be more than chance yet sufficiently variable as to render “ hard ” replication elusive .
findings from the accumulated literature appear to be more than chance yet sufficiently variable as to [make/give] “ hard ” replication elusive .

How dumb did Armageddon render this reviewer ?
how dumb did armageddon [make/give] this reviewer ?

There is one other recurring difference in the papers ' Germany coverage : all but the NYT render the winner 's name `` Schroeder , '' while the Ochs Sulzberger bund foregoes that `` oe '' for an `` o '' under an umlaut .
there is one other recurring difference in the papers ' germany coverage : all but the nyt [make/give] the winner 's name `` schroeder , '' while the ochs sulzberger bund foregoes that `` oe '' for an `` o '' under an umlaut .

Susan Page predicts that the globalization of society will render ideological differences obsolete in the developed world .
susan page predicts that the globalization of society will [make/give] ideological differences obsolete in the developed world .

His faults are said to range from the small ( he ca n't render accents ) to the large ( he exhibits the `` charisma of a week-old head of lettuce , '' says the New York Daily News ' Fintan O'Toole ) .
his faults are said to range from the small ( he ca n't [make/give] accents ) to the large ( he exhibits the `` charisma of a week-old head of lettuce , '' says the new york daily news ' fintan o'toole ) .

Both the script and 16-year-old actress Natalie Portman ( Everyone Says I Love You ) are said to render Anne Frank less of a caricature than before .
both the script and 16-year-old actress natalie portman ( everyone says i love you ) are said to [make/give] anne frank less of a caricature than before .

A PET brain scan of a regular marijuana user shows that marijuana changes the chemistry of the brain to render vast sections of the brain less active .
a pet brain scan of a regular marijuana user shows that marijuana changes the chemistry of the brain to [make/give] vast sections of the brain less active .

We can rest assured that neither man will challenge the fundamental structure that will render winner and loser ineffectual , come Inauguration Day .
we can rest assured that neither man will challenge the fundamental structure that will [make/give] winner and loser ineffectual , come inauguration day .

The conventions of newspaper journalism are such that an `` objective '' reporter can not render his own opinion that the subject has a screw loose .
the conventions of newspaper journalism are such that an `` objective '' reporter can not [make/give] his own opinion that the subject has a screw loose .

Namely , that the art world thinks that the purpose of art is to expand the boundaries of human perception and to confront our cultural limitations while hoi polloi would be far more likely to define it as to render beauty with skill .
namely , that the art world thinks that the purpose of art is to expand the boundaries of human perception and to confront our cultural limitations while hoi polloi would be far more likely to define it as to [make/give] beauty with skill .

Much of the opposition had nothing to do with planned obsolescence and everything to do with concern that the Monsanto 's infertility gene might `` leap '' from its seeds to fertile seeds in adjoining farms and eventually render those fertile strains infertile .
much of the opposition had nothing to do with planned obsolescence and everything to do with concern that the monsanto 's infertility gene might `` leap '' from its seeds to fertile seeds in adjoining farms and eventually [make/give] those fertile strains infertile .

He is trying to render Gore 's three-point campaign message obsolete .
he is trying to [make/give] gore 's three-point campaign message obsolete .

Was this an oversight , or was it a recognition that applying the say and pay standards uniformly would render Steele useless as a source to discredit Willey ?
was this an oversight , or was it a recognition that applying the say and pay standards uniformly would [make/give] steele useless as a source to discredit willey ?

The bottom line is , post-Dada art is subjective , and there 's no way any group of government experts can render a fair judgment as to what 's good art and what is n't .
the bottom line is , post-dada art is subjective , and there 's no way any group of government experts can [make/give] a fair judgment as to what 's good art and what is n't .

One problem : Environmental groups are so obsessed with alternative fuels that they `` pressure against any research that would render fossil fuel use benign . ''
one problem : environmental groups are so obsessed with alternative fuels that they `` pressure against any research that would [make/give] fossil fuel use benign . ''

New ideas ( 3-D-graphic modeling ) earn millions and render old ideas ( 2-D-graphic modeling ) instantly worthless .
new ideas ( 3-d-graphic modeling ) earn millions and [make/give] old ideas ( 2-d-graphic modeling ) instantly worthless .

Merengue is terrific music , too , but when , half a century ago , Trujillo ordered that sound systems be set up to play it all over the Dominican Republic , it was n't to `` uplift '' people but to render them passive .
merengue is terrific music , too , but when , half a century ago , trujillo ordered that sound systems be set up to play it all over the dominican republic , it was n't to `` uplift '' people but to [make/give] them passive .

Unlike other still powerful icons such as Evita Perón and Mother Teresa , `` Lady Diana has left nothing behind ... not a word , not a phrase that might give nourishment to her worshippers , that might render her myth lasting , or at least a little more lasting , '' the paper said .
unlike other still powerful icons such as evita perón and mother teresa , `` lady diana has left nothing behind ... not a word , not a phrase that might give nourishment to her worshippers , that might [make/give] her myth lasting , or at least a little more lasting , '' the paper said .

They should recognize that new technology `` lays bare throughout the world our most intimate and secret acts -- sins which would be quickly forgotten if , for example , the internet did n't render them shameful , obscene and irremovable . ''
they should recognize that new technology `` lays bare throughout the world our most intimate and secret acts -- sins which would be quickly forgotten if , for example , the internet did n't [make/give] them shameful , obscene and irremovable . ''

Although the novelist might be able to render well all sorts of facts and dates and general furniture , she could never truthfully render the `` old consciousness . ''
although the novelist might be able to [make/give] well all sorts of facts and dates and general furniture , she could never truthfully [make/give] the `` old consciousness . ''

Moreover , the fact that Kinsey had a sexual life , however nonstandard it was , would not render him incapable of objectivity in writing about sex .
moreover , the fact that kinsey had a sexual life , however nonstandard it was , would not [make/give] him incapable of objectivity in writing about sex .

Render Unto the Representative What Is the Representative 's : On Capital Gang , the discussion turns to Republicans , homosexuality , and the Bible , whereupon host Mark Shields prods guest Rep. Bob Livingston , R-La. , for his opinion on the moral status of gays .
[make/give] unto the representative what is the representative 's : on capital gang , the discussion turns to republicans , homosexuality , and the bible , whereupon host mark shields prods guest rep. bob livingston , r-la. , for his opinion on the moral status of gays .

Which would explain how the Iraqis were able to render the sites pristine in the relatively short time before the inspectors finally gained access .
which would explain how the iraqis were able to [make/give] the sites pristine in the relatively short time before the inspectors finally gained access .

Their inaccuracies render them largely ineffective .
their inaccuracies [make/give] them largely ineffective .

Thus he is right on to say that there are two ways in which to reduce the theft of car radios ( Page 90 ) , one of them is to increase the punishment for theft , and the other is to render them useless once they are taken out of the car by someone who does not know the code ( old-fashioned sense ) for their release .
thus he is right on to say that there are two ways in which to reduce the theft of car radios ( page 90 ) , one of them is to increase the punishment for theft , and the other is to [make/give] them useless once they are taken out of the car by someone who does not know the code ( old-fashioned sense ) for their release .

Judges have both the motive and the opportunity to contort tradition and precedent in ways that render outcomes illogical and un predictable .
judges have both the motive and the opportunity to contort tradition and precedent in ways that [make/give] outcomes illogical and un predictable .

The critics render a split verdict on Shawshank Redemption director Frank Darabont 's three-hour adaptation of Stephen King 's serial novel .
the critics [make/give] a split verdict on shawshank redemption director frank darabont 's three-hour adaptation of stephen king 's serial novel .

In an editorial , it continued to bang the drum for ground troops and said British Prime Minister Tony Blair must `` convince a reluctant President Clinton to take those steps that might render plausible an integrated air-ground campaign in Kosovo .
in an editorial , it continued to bang the drum for ground troops and said british prime minister tony blair must `` convince a reluctant president clinton to take those steps that might [make/give] plausible an integrated air-ground campaign in kosovo .

Delay blocked it in the House , then Gramm killed it in the Senate , insisting that senators render an all-or-nothing verdict .
delay blocked it in the house , then gramm killed it in the senate , insisting that senators [make/give] an all-or-nothing verdict .

MacKinnonites believe that the disparities of power in these relationships render them exploitative by definition .
mackinnonites believe that the disparities of power in these relationships [make/give] them exploitative by definition .

Molecular biologist Kevin Marshall works at a secret lab in Africa ( shades of Moreau ) fiddling with the DNA of apes to render their organs immunologically fit for transplanting into rich Americans .
molecular biologist kevin marshall works at a secret lab in africa ( shades of moreau ) fiddling with the dna of apes to [make/give] their organs immunologically fit for transplanting into rich americans .

Given some of the tendencies of Scripture translation in recent decades , it would hardly be surprising to see Matthew 26:33-35 -- the passage in which Peter promises to remain a loyal disciple scant hours before turning disloyal -- rewritten and embellished to render the response from Jesus as follows : `` Truly you make all the right noises .
given some of the tendencies of scripture translation in recent decades , it would hardly be surprising to see matthew 26:33-35 -- the passage in which peter promises to remain a loyal disciple scant hours before turning disloyal -- rewritten and embellished to [make/give] the response from jesus as follows : `` truly you make all the right noises .

The phrase refers to a bodily overhaul so extensive as to render obsolete all superficial indications of age or identity .
the phrase refers to a bodily overhaul so extensive as to [make/give] obsolete all superficial indications of age or identity .

Those within a population who sympathize with an enemy 's aims , and may render assistance when the time is ripe , constitute a fifth column , a term that goes back to the Spanish Civil War and the remark of a rebel general , Emilio Mola , to the effect that his four columns of troops would be supplemented by a civilian quinta columna , a fifth column of sympathizers , in their attack on Loyalist-held Madrid in 1936 .
those within a population who sympathize with an enemy 's aims , and may [make/give] assistance when the time is ripe , constitute a fifth column , a term that goes back to the spanish civil war and the remark of a rebel general , emilio mola , to the effect that his four columns of troops would be supplemented by a civilian quinta columna , a fifth column of sympathizers , in their attack on loyalist-held madrid in 1936 .

The result is an undeniable beauty whatever the mode , a beauty specifically meant to render the individual wearer beautiful , too .
the result is an undeniable beauty whatever the mode , a beauty specifically meant to [make/give] the individual wearer beautiful , too .

He also identifies a number of highly technical problems with the experiment that , he says , render it meaningless .
he also identifies a number of highly technical problems with the experiment that , he says , [make/give] it meaningless .

The Times captures a flash of emotion here and there , noting that one House manager said , `` If one senator has failed to personally sit through this deposition and every deposition , that senator is not equipped to render a verdict on the impeachment trial of the President of the United States . ''
the times captures a flash of emotion here and there , noting that one house manager said , `` if one senator has failed to personally sit through this deposition and every deposition , that senator is not equipped to [make/give] a verdict on the impeachment trial of the president of the united states . ''

In other words , we judge accents by stereotypes which we already have about their speakers ... . One US observer has claimed that non-standard features ( grammer and vocabulary as well as accent ) have the power to close off a conversation among strangers , bring job interviews to an abrupt end and , when used on the telephone , to render a flat advertised as vacant that morning suddenly to be declared “ already let ” .
in other words , we judge accents by stereotypes which we already have about their speakers ... . one us observer has claimed that non-standard features ( grammer and vocabulary as well as accent ) have the power to close off a conversation among strangers , bring job interviews to an abrupt end and , when used on the telephone , to [make/give] a flat advertised as vacant that morning suddenly to be declared “ already let ” .

Unfortunately , the newsreader failed to render it that way .
unfortunately , the newsreader failed to [make/give] it that way .

The Septuagint translates qaran , in the passage of Exodus 34:29 , with a Greek verb used in the New Testament to mean : “ to praise , extol , magnify , celebrate ; to honor , do honor to , hold in honor ; to make glorious , adorn with lustre , clothe with splendor ; to make renowned , render illustrious , i.e. , to cause the dignity and worth of some person or thing to become manifest and acknowledged ; to exalt to a glorious rank or condition ... ” ( Thayer , A Greek-English Lexicon of the New Testament ) .
the septuagint translates qaran , in the passage of exodus 34:29 , with a greek verb used in the new testament to mean : “ to praise , extol , magnify , celebrate ; to honor , do honor to , hold in honor ; to make glorious , adorn with lustre , clothe with splendor ; to make renowned , [make/give] illustrious , i.e. , to cause the dignity and worth of some person or thing to become manifest and acknowledged ; to exalt to a glorious rank or condition ... ” ( thayer , a greek-english lexicon of the new testament ) .

The worst any of the local dialects can do is to render it as SHREE-pot , although the occasional ancient will come up with SHREE'S-port .
the worst any of the local dialects can do is to [make/give] it as shree-pot , although the occasional ancient will come up with shree's-port .

It has always , since long before my time , been the custome for only the first part of a compound to be used , such as my old china ( =china plate=mate ) or up the apples ( = apples and pears = stairs ) , and it is generally believed that this practice first began among the semi-criminal classes to render their speech less easily comprehensible to outsiders .
it has always , since long before my time , been the custome for only the first part of a compound to be used , such as my old china ( =china plate=mate ) or up the apples ( = apples and pears = stairs ) , and it is generally believed that this practice first began among the semi-criminal classes to [make/give] their speech less easily comprehensible to outsiders .

I took a paragraph at random and passed it to another translator , asking him to render it into English , and the problem became immediately apparent .
i took a paragraph at random and passed it to another translator , asking him to [make/give] it into english , and the problem became immediately apparent .

She was to ask any questions she wanted to , and when she understood the passage , she was to render it freely into Vietnamese , without attempting to make a verbatim translation .
she was to ask any questions she wanted to , and when she understood the passage , she was to [make/give] it freely into vietnamese , without attempting to make a verbatim translation .

Feminists concerned about language relentlessly reveal language 's capacity to discriminate against women or to render them invisible .
feminists concerned about language relentlessly reveal language 's capacity to discriminate against women or to [make/give] them invisible .

Nor does context always render the meaning intelligible .
nor does context always [make/give] the meaning intelligible .

For the French , in all walks of life , to render one sound for another is not a slip but an art , practised equally studiously in bistros as well as in the salons of nobles , academicians , and beautiful people .
for the french , in all walks of life , to [make/give] one sound for another is not a slip but an art , practised equally studiously in bistros as well as in the salons of nobles , academicians , and beautiful people .

If they are not fed to us with restraint , they can soon render us dangerously overgorged on pop corn .
if they are not fed to us with restraint , they can soon [make/give] us dangerously overgorged on pop corn .

A moderately noisy phone line would render messages as unintelligible gibberish ( even those messages that did not start out that way ! ) .
a moderately noisy phone line would [make/give] messages as unintelligible gibberish ( even those messages that did not start out that way ! ) .

It quickly appeared , on perusing the Welsh-English section , that Dr. Richards 's English was somewhat idiosyncratic , for he gives us an English translation of a Welsh word , ` to render prospective . '
it quickly appeared , on perusing the welsh-english section , that dr. richards 's english was somewhat idiosyncratic , for he gives us an english translation of a welsh word , ` to [make/give] prospective . '

I have pondered on this phrase , and the only person I can imagine using it is the secretary of the local branch of a political party who , having handed the Committee members a short list of would-be candidates , asks : “ Which of these people shall we render prospective ? ”
i have pondered on this phrase , and the only person i can imagine using it is the secretary of the local branch of a political party who , having handed the committee members a short list of would-be candidates , asks : “ which of these people shall we [make/give] prospective ? ”

Thus , the greatest service such a book could render is virtually aborted by definition .
thus , the greatest service such a book could [make/give] is virtually aborted by definition .

