As was said in Gonzales , `` it is the Appeal Board which renders the selective service determination considered ' final ' in the courts , not to be overturned unless there is no basis in fact .
as was said in gonzales , `` it is the appeal board which [makes/gives] the selective service determination considered ' final ' in the courts , not to be overturned unless there is no basis in fact .

The extent of such interference -- which may be so slight as to be undetectable at any point where either of the stations renders a usable signal , or may be so great as to virtually destroy the service areas of both stations -- depends on many factors , among the principal ones being the distance between the stations , their respective radiated power , and , of particular significance here , the time of day .
the extent of such interference -- which may be so slight as to be undetectable at any point where either of the stations [makes/gives] a usable signal , or may be so great as to virtually destroy the service areas of both stations -- depends on many factors , among the principal ones being the distance between the stations , their respective radiated power , and , of particular significance here , the time of day .

Crib-biting is typical of a vice , by definition a bad habit which renders it liable to decline in health .
crib-biting is typical of a vice , by definition a bad habit which [makes/gives] it liable to decline in health .

The criterion for capitalists to scrap old equipment is not whether the machine is physically serviceable — most machinery is withdrawn from use well before it has worn out — but whether it can any longer be operated profitably And the key factor which renders unprofitable the operation of older vintages of machinery is a rise in wage costs .
the criterion for capitalists to scrap old equipment is not whether the machine is physically serviceable — most machinery is withdrawn from use well before it has worn out — but whether it can any longer be operated profitably and the key factor which [makes/gives] unprofitable the operation of older vintages of machinery is a rise in wage costs .

In the common case of a symmetric section , the load impedance that renders the input impedance equal to it is called the characteristic impedance .
in the common case of a symmetric section , the load impedance that [makes/gives] the input impedance equal to it is called the characteristic impedance .

The term iterative impedance is applied to a load that renders the input impedance of an asymmetric section equal to it .
the term iterative impedance is applied to a load that [makes/gives] the input impedance of an asymmetric section equal to it .

On this particular model , there is a hint of a birdseye pattern in the maple , which is quite exotic and renders the guitar individual and attractive .
on this particular model , there is a hint of a birdseye pattern in the maple , which is quite exotic and [makes/gives] the guitar individual and attractive .

If this is so , it renders rather arcane the controversy about whether the dipnois were the true air-sucking lungfish , or the crossopterygii as is recorded in most textbooks .
if this is so , it [makes/gives] rather arcane the controversy about whether the dipnois were the true air-sucking lungfish , or the crossopterygii as is recorded in most textbooks .

the complexity of science , which renders forging a direct causal link between corporate practice and the death , injury , or economic loss of employees , consumers , and the general public , very difficult to prove ‘ beyond a reasonable doubt ’ , particularly when those ‘ experts ’ called in to testify to the relationship add so many qualifications and possibilities that almost everything appears possible but nothing certain .
the complexity of science , which [makes/gives] forging a direct causal link between corporate practice and the death , injury , or economic loss of employees , consumers , and the general public , very difficult to prove ‘ beyond a reasonable doubt ’ , particularly when those ‘ experts ’ called in to testify to the relationship add so many qualifications and possibilities that almost everything appears possible but nothing certain .

Relying , as they do , on irregular , inadequate , notified , and often superficial inspections , or on data provided by the corporations themselves renders state regulatory agencies and the police ( where they are relevant , as in say the fraud squad ) very defective in their ability to locate corporate crime .
relying , as they do , on irregular , inadequate , notified , and often superficial inspections , or on data provided by the corporations themselves [makes/gives] state regulatory agencies and the police ( where they are relevant , as in say the fraud squad ) very defective in their ability to locate corporate crime .

Further the ethical positivist will reject the move towards giving the organs of international law teeth of a physical sort to any significant degree , on the grounds that this undermines the ethical authority of the system and in present circumstances renders impossible the move towards the developments required in international law if it is to act as an acceptable method of dispute resolution .
further the ethical positivist will reject the move towards giving the organs of international law teeth of a physical sort to any significant degree , on the grounds that this undermines the ethical authority of the system and in present circumstances [makes/gives] impossible the move towards the developments required in international law if it is to act as an acceptable method of dispute resolution .

The 1972 Act first of all gives legal effect to all existing and future Community law and renders it enforceable in the United Kingdom by United Kingdom agencies , including courts , ( s.2 ( 1 ) ) .
the 1972 act first of all gives legal effect to all existing and future community law and [makes/gives] it enforceable in the united kingdom by united kingdom agencies , including courts , ( s.2 ( 1 ) ) .

This provides the reason why it was once extensively cultivated in the Aube , where its more southerly location and lack of limestone subsoil sometimes renders wines lacking the desirably high degree of acidity required for classic Champagnes .
this provides the reason why it was once extensively cultivated in the aube , where its more southerly location and lack of limestone subsoil sometimes [makes/gives] wines lacking the desirably high degree of acidity required for classic champagnes .

For example , the Trabant 's bodywork is a combination of cotton and plastic , which renders it rustproof .
for example , the trabant 's bodywork is a combination of cotton and plastic , which [makes/gives] it rustproof .

Such a change renders the tableau primal infeasible , since ( because ) .
such a change [makes/gives] the tableau primal infeasible , since ( because ) .

This is scorched-earth commentary , razing to the ground everything that might provide some cover for his quarry , stripping the plays of all that renders them humanly habitable .
this is scorched-earth commentary , razing to the ground everything that might provide some cover for his quarry , stripping the plays of all that [makes/gives] them humanly habitable .

But once we use Christian values to complete it , it renders the system logically inconsistent ; because we can not introduce Christian values on a piecemeal basis .
but once we use christian values to complete it , it [makes/gives] the system logically inconsistent ; because we can not introduce christian values on a piecemeal basis .

This impairs the efficiency of the braided shield and renders the cable open to interference .
this impairs the efficiency of the braided shield and [makes/gives] the cable open to interference .

The complicated and fast-changing nature of gender relations renders biology a particularly valuable stabilizing influence for psychological theories of this area .
the complicated and fast-changing nature of gender relations [makes/gives] biology a particularly valuable stabilizing influence for psychological theories of this area .

Psychology 's own reluctance to acknowledge social differences renders woman-centred psychology 's denial of differences between women more intense than that of woman-centred feminism generally .
psychology 's own reluctance to acknowledge social differences [makes/gives] woman-centred psychology 's denial of differences between women more intense than that of woman-centred feminism generally .

Growth that overhangs a pavement , footpath or anywhere to which the public have access renders you liable for damage or hurt to passers by .
growth that overhangs a pavement , footpath or anywhere to which the public have access [makes/gives] you liable for damage or hurt to passers by .

It is their very complexity and ambiguity of meaning which renders literary classics re-readable and thus classics .
it is their very complexity and ambiguity of meaning which [makes/gives] literary classics re-readable and thus classics .

What renders science distinctive , then , is not so much the instruments that are played , for crude variants of these can be found wherever we look ; nor even the particular tune , for everyone plays brief snatches of this from time to time ; it is rather the sustained and collaborative elaboration of this particular melody in preference to all the others one might play .
what [makes/gives] science distinctive , then , is not so much the instruments that are played , for crude variants of these can be found wherever we look ; nor even the particular tune , for everyone plays brief snatches of this from time to time ; it is rather the sustained and collaborative elaboration of this particular melody in preference to all the others one might play .

Some South American students , for whom English was a second or third language , found it impossible to read and understand Lawrence 's play The Daughter-in-Law , a play where the use of Eastwood dialect renders it only easily accessible to those at home with varieties of regional English .
some south american students , for whom english was a second or third language , found it impossible to read and understand lawrence 's play the daughter-in-law , a play where the use of eastwood dialect [makes/gives] it only easily accessible to those at home with varieties of regional english .

The modern science of militarism renders wars between ‘ civilised ’ Powers too costly , and the rapid growth of effective internationalism in the financial and great industrial magnates [ sic ] , who seem destined more and more to control national politics , may in future render such wars impossible .
the modern science of militarism [makes/gives] wars between ‘ civilised ’ powers too costly , and the rapid growth of effective internationalism in the financial and great industrial magnates [ sic ] , who seem destined more and more to control national politics , may in future render such wars impossible .

The abstract quality of symbols such as the Swastika renders it difficult for cerebral intelligence to grasp the full concept and implications of their purpose , which is to awaken the more subliminal centres relating to feelings and intuitive responses .
the abstract quality of symbols such as the swastika [makes/gives] it difficult for cerebral intelligence to grasp the full concept and implications of their purpose , which is to awaken the more subliminal centres relating to feelings and intuitive responses .

The eye-catchiness of collage also renders it a particularly apt medium for getting a point across effectively .
the eye-catchiness of collage also [makes/gives] it a particularly apt medium for getting a point across effectively .

The glossy black and rosy white of the plumage , the helmeted head and elevated tail , like that of the common fowl , give a striking character , which their stately and somewhat sedate walk renders still more remarkable .
the glossy black and rosy white of the plumage , the helmeted head and elevated tail , like that of the common fowl , give a striking character , which their stately and somewhat sedate walk [makes/gives] still more remarkable .

Although alliances with producer groups such as the trades unions may be sought , the absence of independent industrial muscle renders them , in Bachrach and Baratz 's terms , ‘ influential ’ rather then ‘ powerful ’ .
although alliances with producer groups such as the trades unions may be sought , the absence of independent industrial muscle [makes/gives] them , in bachrach and baratz 's terms , ‘ influential ’ rather then ‘ powerful ’ .

The relationship of underachievement with employability is constructed through an assumption that it is the lack of academic achievement which renders black students unemployable ( Scarman , 1981 ) .
the relationship of underachievement with employability is constructed through an assumption that it is the lack of academic achievement which [makes/gives] black students unemployable ( scarman , 1981 ) .

It seems to imply , for one thing , that if someone has very strong preferences about what happens beyond his own person he thereby renders it important that certain things be done or left undone which have little or nothing to do with his personal life .
it seems to imply , for one thing , that if someone has very strong preferences about what happens beyond his own person he thereby [makes/gives] it important that certain things be done or left undone which have little or nothing to do with his personal life .

However , when it is thought that attitudinism renders ethics irrational , the usual point is that ethical conclusions can not be inferred in any rational manner from premisses which are purely factual .
however , when it is thought that attitudinism [makes/gives] ethics irrational , the usual point is that ethical conclusions can not be inferred in any rational manner from premisses which are purely factual .

The plant toxin renders both the caterpillar and the adult butterfly particularly repellent to natural enemies .
the plant toxin [makes/gives] both the caterpillar and the adult butterfly particularly repellent to natural enemies .

( It also renders Tongan maps a most inconvenient shape : to accommodate all the Friendly Islands and all the Tongan seas , a scale map has to be about five times as long as it is wide , though nearly all the population and commerce is bunched in the islands in the far south . )
( it also [makes/gives] tongan maps a most inconvenient shape : to accommodate all the friendly islands and all the tongan seas , a scale map has to be about five times as long as it is wide , though nearly all the population and commerce is bunched in the islands in the far south . )

But in fact the Sea does divide this new Antipodean culture from the ancient traditions of South-East Asia , and so renders the countries separate and distinct from their neighbours .
but in fact the sea does divide this new antipodean culture from the ancient traditions of south-east asia , and so [makes/gives] the countries separate and distinct from their neighbours .

Our presence chastens others , renders others serious .
our presence chastens others , [makes/gives] others serious .

Blemishes like these upon the work of the profession obscure but do not efface the public services it renders .
blemishes like these upon the work of the profession obscure but do not efface the public services it [makes/gives] .

Throughout her article , Blum-Kulka renders Hebrew expressions used by the interviewer to direct each talk with natural-sounding English expressions which are not literal renderings of the Hebrew but which express similar modal meanings .
throughout her article , blum-kulka [makes/gives] hebrew expressions used by the interviewer to direct each talk with natural-sounding english expressions which are not literal renderings of the hebrew but which express similar modal meanings .

Because intensive livestock production renders the animals more susceptible to disease most stockmen have developed a degree of veterinary skill which can make them a decisive factor in the profitability of any livestock enterprise .
because intensive livestock production [makes/gives] the animals more susceptible to disease most stockmen have developed a degree of veterinary skill which can make them a decisive factor in the profitability of any livestock enterprise .

Whilst other sections of the population are clearly severely affected by these government policies , disabled people experience these particular ‘ reforms ’ as an attack on their human right not to be incarcerated without trial and conviction , in so far as it renders it in some cases impossible to live outside institutions .
whilst other sections of the population are clearly severely affected by these government policies , disabled people experience these particular ‘ reforms ’ as an attack on their human right not to be incarcerated without trial and conviction , in so far as it [makes/gives] it in some cases impossible to live outside institutions .

This opens the way for staff to use their ‘ professional skills ’ to implement their own ideas rather than those of the users , which effectively renders the notion of user participation meaningless ( Carr , 1987 , personal communication ; Jewell , 1975 ) .
this opens the way for staff to use their ‘ professional skills ’ to implement their own ideas rather than those of the users , which effectively [makes/gives] the notion of user participation meaningless ( carr , 1987 , personal communication ; jewell , 1975 ) .

This claim will be considered in more detail later in the chapter , together with the view of some market theorists that the operation of market forces renders liability rules in this area superfluous .
this claim will be considered in more detail later in the chapter , together with the view of some market theorists that the operation of market forces [makes/gives] liability rules in this area superfluous .

The Libyan leader 's Green Book is distributed as a work of major ideological significance : ‘ Encapsulated within the Green Book is the ideology of the people , of government by the masses for the masses in a true democracy , one which renders obsolete the reactionary twin-sisters of Capitalism and Communism ’ ( no .
the libyan leader 's green book is distributed as a work of major ideological significance : ‘ encapsulated within the green book is the ideology of the people , of government by the masses for the masses in a true democracy , one which [makes/gives] obsolete the reactionary twin-sisters of capitalism and communism ’ ( no .

The Food Safety Act 1990 regulates the quality of food which is produced and served to the public , and it renders businesses which do not meet the standards required liable for prosecution and punishment .
the food safety act 1990 regulates the quality of food which is produced and served to the public , and it [makes/gives] businesses which do not meet the standards required liable for prosecution and punishment .

Breach of a civil law , in contrast to a breach of a criminal law , normally renders the person who has broken it liable to pay damages to the victim of the breach .
breach of a civil law , in contrast to a breach of a criminal law , normally [makes/gives] the person who has broken it liable to pay damages to the victim of the breach .

Illegality . Where an event has occurred ( e.g. the passing of legislation by Parliament ) which renders the business carried on by the partnership unlawful , s. 34 of the 1890 Act provides for the ending of the partnership
illegality . where an event has occurred ( e.g. the passing of legislation by parliament ) which [makes/gives] the business carried on by the partnership unlawful , s. 34 of the 1890 act provides for the ending of the partnership

a painting lost for thirty years renders the room yours .
a painting lost for thirty years [makes/gives] the room yours .

For example , the mobility of the evidence of pollution renders it potentially visible to a number of possible reporters but at the same time makes it more difficult to trace to its origin .
for example , the mobility of the evidence of pollution [makes/gives] it potentially visible to a number of possible reporters but at the same time makes it more difficult to trace to its origin .

However , some may feel that there is more to footing a bill than merely paying it : there is a hint of reluctance , of the imposition of an unwelcome demand for money on the payer , which renders the equivalence of the contrasts in 17 slightly suspect .
however , some may feel that there is more to footing a bill than merely paying it : there is a hint of reluctance , of the imposition of an unwelcome demand for money on the payer , which [makes/gives] the equivalence of the contrasts in 17 slightly suspect .

The availability of an explanation along these lines ( however it might be formalised in relation to the syntax ) renders a lexical solution unnecessary .
the availability of an explanation along these lines ( however it might be formalised in relation to the syntax ) [makes/gives] a lexical solution unnecessary .

It is suggested that this conclusion renders section 15 of the Act of 1968 otiose since a person who , by deception , persuades the owner to consent to part with his property will necessarily be guilty of theft within section 1 .
it is suggested that this conclusion [makes/gives] section 15 of the act of 1968 otiose since a person who , by deception , persuades the owner to consent to part with his property will necessarily be guilty of theft within section 1 .

At all ages , dog-whelks feed on discrete , easily identifiable , macroscopic sedentary prey ( upon which they remain for many hours or days ) which not only renders predator/prey investigations in the field possible but also facilitates the maintenance of these animals in aquaria .
at all ages , dog-whelks feed on discrete , easily identifiable , macroscopic sedentary prey ( upon which they remain for many hours or days ) which not only [makes/gives] predator/prey investigations in the field possible but also facilitates the maintenance of these animals in aquaria .

Short squat whelks are also the ones most at risk from predators ( see p. 302 ) , their small size and rounded shape making them easily swallowed by gulls and eiders whilst their wide mouth renders them vulnerable to oystercatchers and crabs .
short squat whelks are also the ones most at risk from predators ( see p. 302 ) , their small size and rounded shape making them easily swallowed by gulls and eiders whilst their wide mouth [makes/gives] them vulnerable to oystercatchers and crabs .

For instance , a close-up of a hand dipping into a slightly tremulous bath of mercury renders the moment when a character penetrates the mirror .
for instance , a close-up of a hand dipping into a slightly tremulous bath of mercury [makes/gives] the moment when a character penetrates the mirror .

Because of the logical situation that renders the derivation of universal laws and theories from observation statements impossible , but the deduction of their falsity possible , falsifications become the important landmarks , the striking achievements , the major growing-points in science .
because of the logical situation that [makes/gives] the derivation of universal laws and theories from observation statements impossible , but the deduction of their falsity possible , falsifications become the important landmarks , the striking achievements , the major growing-points in science .

The legislation renders liable to forfeiture any benefit derived from the publication of material concerning the circumstances of the offence , from the publication of material concerning the defendant 's opinions , exploits or life history ( provided that the benefit was attributable in whole or in part to notoriety achieved through commission of the offence ) or any benefit obtained by commercial exploitation in any other way of notoriety achieved through commission of the offence . )
the legislation [makes/gives] liable to forfeiture any benefit derived from the publication of material concerning the circumstances of the offence , from the publication of material concerning the defendant 's opinions , exploits or life history ( provided that the benefit was attributable in whole or in part to notoriety achieved through commission of the offence ) or any benefit obtained by commercial exploitation in any other way of notoriety achieved through commission of the offence . )

The basic point is that far from media changes giving rise to simple shifts in musical practice , media , content and social relations form a very complex interrelationship which renders any schema based on abstract historical antitheses very questionable .
the basic point is that far from media changes giving rise to simple shifts in musical practice , media , content and social relations form a very complex interrelationship which [makes/gives] any schema based on abstract historical antitheses very questionable .

It is never convincingly argued for ; the neurological and anthropological evidence renders it very doubtful ( see Miller 1971 : 92–120 ) ; it is patently there in order to support what is ultimately an idealist position , for the half-hidden premise of McLuhan 's argument is that there is an ideal human psyche , an essence , which is characterized by balance and interplay of senses , which may once have existed — in oral cultures — but which was destroyed by literacy ( a second Fall ) .
it is never convincingly argued for ; the neurological and anthropological evidence [makes/gives] it very doubtful ( see miller 1971 : 92–120 ) ; it is patently there in order to support what is ultimately an idealist position , for the half-hidden premise of mcluhan 's argument is that there is an ideal human psyche , an essence , which is characterized by balance and interplay of senses , which may once have existed — in oral cultures — but which was destroyed by literacy ( a second fall ) .

Because sentencing is viewed by magistrates as a craft or mystery , whose rites are known only to initiates , ( as opposed to a rational enterprise dedicated to the pursuit of externally defined goals ) , this renders it both impervious to criticism from outside , and highly resistant to attempts at external control .
because sentencing is viewed by magistrates as a craft or mystery , whose rites are known only to initiates , ( as opposed to a rational enterprise dedicated to the pursuit of externally defined goals ) , this [makes/gives] it both impervious to criticism from outside , and highly resistant to attempts at external control .

If a person knows that there is a danger of his mine being flooded by his neighbour 's operations on adjacent land , and courts the danger by doing some act which renders the flooding probable , he can not complain .
if a person knows that there is a danger of his mine being flooded by his neighbour 's operations on adjacent land , and courts the danger by doing some act which [makes/gives] the flooding probable , he can not complain .

This rejection of the ‘ unemployed ’ label is probably associated with the blurring of the boundaries for women between employment and economic inactivity and between unemployment and economic activity which renders their classification in the labour market problematic ( Callender , 1985 ) .
this rejection of the ‘ unemployed ’ label is probably associated with the blurring of the boundaries for women between employment and economic inactivity and between unemployment and economic activity which [makes/gives] their classification in the labour market problematic ( callender , 1985 ) .

Women lose out , as do ethnic minorities , which renders the effects of patronage both wasteful and unfair .
women lose out , as do ethnic minorities , which [makes/gives] the effects of patronage both wasteful and unfair .

The eye-catchiness of collage also renders it a particularly apt medium for getting a point across effectively .
the eye-catchiness of collage also [makes/gives] it a particularly apt medium for getting a point across effectively .

Not only is this statement admissible in tribunal proceedings , but unreasonable refusal to provide such a statement renders the employer , on the application of the employee to a tribunal , liable to a penalty payable to the employee of a sum equal to two weeks ' gross pay .
not only is this statement admissible in tribunal proceedings , but unreasonable refusal to provide such a statement [makes/gives] the employer , on the application of the employee to a tribunal , liable to a penalty payable to the employee of a sum equal to two weeks ' gross pay .

Accordingly article 12 comes into operation and renders it mandatory for the court to order the return of the child forthwith .
accordingly article 12 comes into operation and [makes/gives] it mandatory for the court to order the return of the child forthwith .

Section 5 renders an agreement made with an unauthorised person unenforceable at the option of the innocent party .
section 5 [makes/gives] an agreement made with an unauthorised person unenforceable at the option of the innocent party .

Thereafter section 433 of the Act of 1986 renders the evidence admissible .
thereafter section 433 of the act of 1986 [makes/gives] the evidence admissible .

Left-inclined critics , whilst recognising that political inactivity can be construed as a measure of satisfaction and power for certain interests , nevertheless argue that this is not the case for all interests and in many cases they regard inactivity as symptomatic of a powerlessness and fatalism which renders any activity pointless .
left-inclined critics , whilst recognising that political inactivity can be construed as a measure of satisfaction and power for certain interests , nevertheless argue that this is not the case for all interests and in many cases they regard inactivity as symptomatic of a powerlessness and fatalism which [makes/gives] any activity pointless .

The gatekeeper role may be fulfilled by the buying department but , as like as not , that role will be shared by influential members of technical and operating departments whose expertise and experience renders their technical knowledge indispensable to the making of purchase decisions .
the gatekeeper role may be fulfilled by the buying department but , as like as not , that role will be shared by influential members of technical and operating departments whose expertise and experience [makes/gives] their technical knowledge indispensable to the making of purchase decisions .

The profound neglect of psychological , social and political considerations renders such treatments shallow and incomplete .
the profound neglect of psychological , social and political considerations [makes/gives] such treatments shallow and incomplete .

Habituation and sensitization , the two forms of non-associative learning , are shown by Aplysia , and the neurophysiological control is understood : habituation is caused by decreased release of neurotransmitter from the sensory neuron ; sensitization by release of a chemical from an interneuron which renders the motor neuron more easily depolarized .
habituation and sensitization , the two forms of non-associative learning , are shown by aplysia , and the neurophysiological control is understood : habituation is caused by decreased release of neurotransmitter from the sensory neuron ; sensitization by release of a chemical from an interneuron which [makes/gives] the motor neuron more easily depolarized .

The term natural justice is used for that part of the spectrum which requires a relatively wide range of procedural checks , while fairness is used in those areas either where the nature of the decision-maker renders the term natural justice inappropriate or the set of safeguards tends towards the lower end of the spectrum .
the term natural justice is used for that part of the spectrum which requires a relatively wide range of procedural checks , while fairness is used in those areas either where the nature of the decision-maker [makes/gives] the term natural justice inappropriate or the set of safeguards tends towards the lower end of the spectrum .

The absence of substantive protection renders the presence of procedural rights even more important , a point made cogently by Lord Wilberforce in Malloch v. Aberdeen Corporation .
the absence of substantive protection [makes/gives] the presence of procedural rights even more important , a point made cogently by lord wilberforce in malloch v. aberdeen corporation .

However the facts are that the courts have not for the last 300 years recognised , nor have they acted upon , a logic which renders all questions of law jurisdictional .
however the facts are that the courts have not for the last 300 years recognised , nor have they acted upon , a logic which [makes/gives] all questions of law jurisdictional .

The latter covered a case where a tribunal is entitled to enter upon the inquiry but in the course of its investigation it does something which takes it outside of its powers and renders its decision a nullity .
the latter covered a case where a tribunal is entitled to enter upon the inquiry but in the course of its investigation it does something which takes it outside of its powers and [makes/gives] its decision a nullity .

An understanding of this renders it much easier to comprehend the no evidence doctrine and the reasons for the exceptions made to it in more recent years .
an understanding of this [makes/gives] it much easier to comprehend the no evidence doctrine and the reasons for the exceptions made to it in more recent years .

Works by Hogarth hung in the gallery at Slains : the library contained ‘ a valuable numerous collection ’ , and Boswell renders one of his usual excellent off-the-cuff services to our understanding of eighteenth-century domestic arrangements : ‘ The noble owner has built of brick , along the square on the inside , a gallery , both on the first and second story , the house being no higher ; so that he has always a dry walk , and the rooms , to which formerly there was no approach but through each other , have now all separate entries from the gallery . ’
works by hogarth hung in the gallery at slains : the library contained ‘ a valuable numerous collection ’ , and boswell [makes/gives] one of his usual excellent off-the-cuff services to our understanding of eighteenth-century domestic arrangements : ‘ the noble owner has built of brick , along the square on the inside , a gallery , both on the first and second story , the house being no higher ; so that he has always a dry walk , and the rooms , to which formerly there was no approach but through each other , have now all separate entries from the gallery . ’

We may not obtain it , or we may obtain it and find it renders us unhappy ; we must still believe in it .
we may not obtain it , or we may obtain it and find it [makes/gives] us unhappy ; we must still believe in it .

Nabokov , who is exceedingly peremptory with all translators of Flaubert , renders this as whippet .
nabokov , who is exceedingly peremptory with all translators of flaubert , [makes/gives] this as whippet .

The biogram renders human memory obsolete , for it ‘ telescopes ’ the old-fashioned diachronic conception of identity into a fixed form accessible in the present .
the biogram [makes/gives] human memory obsolete , for it ‘ telescopes ’ the old-fashioned diachronic conception of identity into a fixed form accessible in the present .

As in Out and Such , free direct speech interspersed with actual and remembered dialogue is the primary mode of the novel , but unlike the two previous works , Between renders the observations and fantasies of a sane mind in a familiar world .
as in out and such , free direct speech interspersed with actual and remembered dialogue is the primary mode of the novel , but unlike the two previous works , between [makes/gives] the observations and fantasies of a sane mind in a familiar world .

The lack of suitable evidence renders Storr 's career , like that of so many contemporaries in the smaller industries , difficult to assess .
the lack of suitable evidence [makes/gives] storr 's career , like that of so many contemporaries in the smaller industries , difficult to assess .

first , while registration may not be a priority point , failure to register , as we have seen , renders the charge void and therefore registration is a necessary , although not sufficient , condition to obtain priority ;
first , while registration may not be a priority point , failure to register , as we have seen , [makes/gives] the charge void and therefore registration is a necessary , although not sufficient , condition to obtain priority ;

Failure to comply with the section renders every officer of the company who is in default guilty of an offence unless he shows that he acted honestly and that , in the circumstances in which the company 's business was carried on , the default was excusable .
failure to comply with the section [makes/gives] every officer of the company who is in default guilty of an offence unless he shows that he acted honestly and that , in the circumstances in which the company 's business was carried on , the default was excusable .

The Court of Justice has held that when it is necessary to interpret a provision of secondary Community law , preference should as far as possible be given to the interpretation which renders the provision consistent with the Treaty .
the court of justice has held that when it is necessary to interpret a provision of secondary community law , preference should as far as possible be given to the interpretation which [makes/gives] the provision consistent with the treaty .

By channelling water away from the structure to drainage channels the board renders any granular fill layer unnecessary .
by channelling water away from the structure to drainage channels the board [makes/gives] any granular fill layer unnecessary .

Although the simplicity of these pavements renders them less informative than many other arrangements they do present one of the clearest pictures in Britain of a uniformity in general design .
although the simplicity of these pavements [makes/gives] them less informative than many other arrangements they do present one of the clearest pictures in britain of a uniformity in general design .

The second radial design from Horkstow is slightly smaller than the Orphic arrangement , although it is bordered by a very wide strip of eight-strand guilloche which renders both panels of approximately equivalent dimensions .
the second radial design from horkstow is slightly smaller than the orphic arrangement , although it is bordered by a very wide strip of eight-strand guilloche which [makes/gives] both panels of approximately equivalent dimensions .

Perhaps that is why it so effectively renders the thoughts of a people whose analysis of the world differs so radically from our own .
perhaps that is why it so effectively [makes/gives] the thoughts of a people whose analysis of the world differs so radically from our own .

Perhaps the person experiences an overwhelming sense of injustice which renders them less capable of dealing with the problem a second time .
perhaps the person experiences an overwhelming sense of injustice which [makes/gives] them less capable of dealing with the problem a second time .

The great mobility of these pyroclastic flows is attributable to the volume of hot gas present and the heating of engulfed air which renders the solid material highly buoyant .
the great mobility of these pyroclastic flows is attributable to the volume of hot gas present and the heating of engulfed air which [makes/gives] the solid material highly buoyant .

This mechanism can lead to the collapse of the mineral lattice ( as in the formation of the clay mineral vermiculite from biotite ) and it also renders a mineral more vulnerable to the operation of other weathering processes .
this mechanism can lead to the collapse of the mineral lattice ( as in the formation of the clay mineral vermiculite from biotite ) and it also [makes/gives] a mineral more vulnerable to the operation of other weathering processes .

Bromine , the atom in halons which makes them effective fire fighters , also renders them three times more damaging to the ozone layer than the better known chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) , used in aerosols and refrigerators .
bromine , the atom in halons which makes them effective fire fighters , also [makes/gives] them three times more damaging to the ozone layer than the better known chlorofluorocarbons ( cfcs ) , used in aerosols and refrigerators .

This categorical indeterminacy is what many groups felt renders the story itself indeterminate .
this categorical indeterminacy is what many groups felt [makes/gives] the story itself indeterminate .

At one point , one of the pupils renders ‘ … who lived in a pretty house with a large garden ’ as ‘ … who lived in a palace house with a little grandfather ’ .
at one point , one of the pupils [makes/gives] ‘ … who lived in a pretty house with a large garden ’ as ‘ … who lived in a palace house with a little grandfather ’ .

Another child renders ‘ … hidden in the ruins of a house ’ as ‘ happened in the rain , runs to a house ’ .
another child [makes/gives] ‘ … hidden in the ruins of a house ’ as ‘ happened in the rain , runs to a house ’ .

The sexual ineptitude of the voyeur usually renders him harmless .
the sexual ineptitude of the voyeur usually [makes/gives] him harmless .

In Lawrence , it is natural man that we see threatened by the meretricious energy of his industrial environment , which renders nature lifeless and artificial .
in lawrence , it is natural man that we see threatened by the meretricious energy of his industrial environment , which [makes/gives] nature lifeless and artificial .

This necessitates transcending the simple `` imitative `` pedagogy of the school , since democratic individuals require the kind of `` twofold consciousness `` which renders them `` capable of thinking their own thoughts `` and `` feeling their own feelings `` , In order to achieve this , students require two qualities : `` self-identification `` and `` verification `` .
this necessitates transcending the simple `` imitative `` pedagogy of the school , since democratic individuals require the kind of `` twofold consciousness `` which [makes/gives] them `` capable of thinking their own thoughts `` and `` feeling their own feelings `` , in order to achieve this , students require two qualities : `` self-identification `` and `` verification `` .

Zimbabwe 's election to the top shelf can not properly be justified , and renders future results and averages farcical .
zimbabwe 's election to the top shelf can not properly be justified , and [makes/gives] future results and averages farcical .

For example , although the Immigration Rules ( which fall into the second category ) have statutory backing , there is considerable doubt about the extent to which departure from them renders decisions liable to be quashed .
for example , although the immigration rules ( which fall into the second category ) have statutory backing , there is considerable doubt about the extent to which departure from them [makes/gives] decisions liable to be quashed .

Their post-modern capaciousness and their pluralistic desire to see every side of an argument renders it unconstitutional to say boo to a goose .
their post-modern capaciousness and their pluralistic desire to see every side of an argument [makes/gives] it unconstitutional to say boo to a goose .

This is a prize that should be treated with contempt , for , like most Japanese gifts to museums and other ‘ cultural ’ interventions , it is no more than camouflage for their commercial and industrial rapacity , and at its worst is an anaesthetic that renders the recipient quite helpless to protest .
this is a prize that should be treated with contempt , for , like most japanese gifts to museums and other ‘ cultural ’ interventions , it is no more than camouflage for their commercial and industrial rapacity , and at its worst is an anaesthetic that [makes/gives] the recipient quite helpless to protest .

Bisected by the equator , Kenya basks in the intense sunlight which renders this country one of the most dramatically moulded outdoor showpieces to which the world lays claim .
bisected by the equator , kenya basks in the intense sunlight which [makes/gives] this country one of the most dramatically moulded outdoor showpieces to which the world lays claim .

First , to the extent that an issue is expressly covered by the Convention it displaces rules of national law that might otherwise apply and thereby renders otiose conflict-of-laws rules designed to lead to the selection of the applicable national law .
first , to the extent that an issue is expressly covered by the convention it displaces rules of national law that might otherwise apply and thereby [makes/gives] otiose conflict-of-laws rules designed to lead to the selection of the applicable national law .

Even more extraordinary is the paucity of such information in the captions to the colour figures , which renders them of little use to the hobbyist .
even more extraordinary is the paucity of such information in the captions to the colour figures , which [makes/gives] them of little use to the hobbyist .

This defect , which history can not ever overcome , ultimately renders it defective .
this defect , which history can not ever overcome , ultimately [makes/gives] it defective .

The conservative critique thus argues that the type of order which liberalism envisages ‘ tends to produce a sort of mindless hedonism which renders it defenceless against more vital tyrannies ’ .
the conservative critique thus argues that the type of order which liberalism envisages ‘ tends to produce a sort of mindless hedonism which [makes/gives] it defenceless against more vital tyrannies ’ .

The parallel line docs not simply repeat what has been said , but enriches it , deepens it , transforms it by adding fresh nuances and bringing in new elements , renders it more concrete and vivid and telling .
the parallel line docs not simply repeat what has been said , but enriches it , deepens it , transforms it by adding fresh nuances and bringing in new elements , [makes/gives] it more concrete and vivid and telling .

What renders the market even more volatile is the series of transitional measures put in place to ease the passage of the industry from a nationalised monolith to a group of independent market-led companies .
what [makes/gives] the market even more volatile is the series of transitional measures put in place to ease the passage of the industry from a nationalised monolith to a group of independent market-led companies .

According to Ackroyd , Dickens never wrote about sex because it ‘ renders people all alike , while the whole momentum of Dickens ’ fiction is towards uniqueness and peculiarity ’ — a clever theory , certainly , but still little more than a theory .
according to ackroyd , dickens never wrote about sex because it ‘ [makes/gives] people all alike , while the whole momentum of dickens ’ fiction is towards uniqueness and peculiarity ’ — a clever theory , certainly , but still little more than a theory .

Such knowledge , of course , renders superfluous the priest 's role as interpreter , as intermediary between God and man .
such knowledge , of course , [makes/gives] superfluous the priest 's role as interpreter , as intermediary between god and man .

The previous definition was : — ‘ Sudden mechanical or electrical failure including that caused by frost or moisture ( other than flood ) which renders the plant inoperative ’ .
the previous definition was : — ‘ sudden mechanical or electrical failure including that caused by frost or moisture ( other than flood ) which [makes/gives] the plant inoperative ’ .

Torture renders many of those who survive unrecognisable , yet this pales against reports of children being forced to shoot their parents or watch while they are beaten , stoned , even buried alive .
torture [makes/gives] many of those who survive unrecognisable , yet this pales against reports of children being forced to shoot their parents or watch while they are beaten , stoned , even buried alive .

One government pamphlet complained how scarcely any of the Anglican clergy could find it in their hearts to thank the King , `` and those Few that pretend to do it , have proceeded so Awkwardly in their Acknowledgments , as renders them of very little Value , since in the same addresses they also pressed for `` the continuance of those Penal Laws , which diametrically oppose … the Royal Indulgence `` .
one government pamphlet complained how scarcely any of the anglican clergy could find it in their hearts to thank the king , `` and those few that pretend to do it , have proceeded so awkwardly in their acknowledgments , as [makes/gives] them of very little value , since in the same addresses they also pressed for `` the continuance of those penal laws , which diametrically oppose … the royal indulgence `` .

The text opens with the words of St Paul to the Ephesians ( 4:1 ) videte vocacionem vestram ; the copy in the manuscript belonging to the Yorkshire man , Robert Thornton , renders this vividly as `` seese callynge `` [ seese : take possession of ] .
the text opens with the words of st paul to the ephesians ( 4:1 ) videte vocacionem vestram ; the copy in the manuscript belonging to the yorkshire man , robert thornton , [makes/gives] this vividly as `` seese callynge `` [ seese : take possession of ] .

All statements of fact and information contained or referred to in the Disclosure Letter are true and complete and are not misleading in any respect , all statements of opinion therein have been made after due and careful enquiry and are reasonably believed to be correct and nothing has been omitted from the Disclosure Letter which renders any of such matters misleading .
all statements of fact and information contained or referred to in the disclosure letter are true and complete and are not misleading in any respect , all statements of opinion therein have been made after due and careful enquiry and are reasonably believed to be correct and nothing has been omitted from the disclosure letter which [makes/gives] any of such matters misleading .

As will be explained later in this chapter , Parliament in the 1970s passed legislation which renders certain exemption clauses absolutely ineffective and renders many others ineffective unless they pass a test of fairness and reasonableness .
as will be explained later in this chapter , parliament in the 1970s passed legislation which [makes/gives] certain exemption clauses absolutely ineffective and [makes/gives] many others ineffective unless they pass a test of fairness and reasonableness .

The latter section , as amended , renders any exemption clause ineffective except to the extent that the clause is shown to satisfy the requirement of reasonableness .
the latter section , as amended , [makes/gives] any exemption clause ineffective except to the extent that the clause is shown to satisfy the requirement of reasonableness .

Does the Secretary of State agree that , whatever the merits of Her Majesty 's inspectors being involved in the advocacy of method , their function of providing independent and publicised reports on the quality of education has never been in question ? If he wishes to make an adjustment , would not it be more sensible to detach their role from advocacy of method and confine it solely to inspection ? Is not his solution of private consultants to be engaged by competitive schools asking for trouble , because it creates an automatic conflict of interest and renders their reports suspect by definition ?
does the secretary of state agree that , whatever the merits of her majesty 's inspectors being involved in the advocacy of method , their function of providing independent and publicised reports on the quality of education has never been in question ? if he wishes to make an adjustment , would not it be more sensible to detach their role from advocacy of method and confine it solely to inspection ? is not his solution of private consultants to be engaged by competitive schools asking for trouble , because it creates an automatic conflict of interest and [makes/gives] their reports suspect by definition ?

renders it impossible to carry it out — see Chapter 4 ) .
[makes/gives] it impossible to carry it out — see chapter 4 ) .

The systematic alteration in decisions between each period and the succeeding one renders each opportunity offered to the market more competitive than that offered in the preceding period that is , it is offered with fuller awareness of the other opportunities being made available , against which it is necessary to compete .
the systematic alteration in decisions between each period and the succeeding one [makes/gives] each opportunity offered to the market more competitive than that offered in the preceding period that is , it is offered with fuller awareness of the other opportunities being made available , against which it is necessary to compete .

And it is precisely its predictability which renders it impotent .
and it is precisely its predictability which [makes/gives] it impotent .

The presence of feldspar grains within a sandstone renders it more susceptible to change during diagenesis as alteration , replacement or dissolution of these grains may take place .
the presence of feldspar grains within a sandstone [makes/gives] it more susceptible to change during diagenesis as alteration , replacement or dissolution of these grains may take place .

‘ The requirement that consideration must move from the promisee is most generally satisfied where some detriment is suffered by him : for example , where he parts with money or goods , or renders services , in exchange for the promise .
‘ the requirement that consideration must move from the promisee is most generally satisfied where some detriment is suffered by him : for example , where he parts with money or goods , or [makes/gives] services , in exchange for the promise .

Still , it is sometimes possible to infer alterations over time , and one direct conclusion that can be drawn is that part , at least , of landlords ' rationale was economic : within a situation affected by such non-economic factors as pious donations , landlords organised estates and renders to maximise resources .
still , it is sometimes possible to infer alterations over time , and one direct conclusion that can be drawn is that part , at least , of landlords ' rationale was economic : within a situation affected by such non-economic factors as pious donations , landlords organised estates and [makes/gives] to maximise resources .

The combination of labour-services , other services , and renders in cash and kind needed careful management .
the combination of labour-services , other services , and [makes/gives] in cash and kind needed careful management .

On appeal to the Employment Appeal Tribunal , the solicitor for the College argued that the mere fact of consulting a solicitor renders it reasonably practicable to present a claim in time .
on appeal to the employment appeal tribunal , the solicitor for the college argued that the mere fact of consulting a solicitor [makes/gives] it reasonably practicable to present a claim in time .

There is no rule of law that the mere fact of consulting a solicitor renders it then and thereafter reasonably practicable to present an originating application in time .
there is no rule of law that the mere fact of consulting a solicitor [makes/gives] it then and thereafter reasonably practicable to present an originating application in time .

It is quite reasonable for a purchaser to assume that a vendor who sells land for a particular purpose will not do anything to prevent its being used for that purpose , but it would be utterly unreasonable to assume that the vendor was undertaking restrictive obligations which would prevent his using land retained by him for any lawful purpose whatsoever … Under these circumstances the question is whether the existence of this staircase renders the plaintiff 's premises unfit or materially less fit to be used for the purposes for which they were demised , that is , for the purpose of a residential flat .
it is quite reasonable for a purchaser to assume that a vendor who sells land for a particular purpose will not do anything to prevent its being used for that purpose , but it would be utterly unreasonable to assume that the vendor was undertaking restrictive obligations which would prevent his using land retained by him for any lawful purpose whatsoever … under these circumstances the question is whether the existence of this staircase [makes/gives] the plaintiff 's premises unfit or materially less fit to be used for the purposes for which they were demised , that is , for the purpose of a residential flat .

It also renders the food safer as it is now proven that moisture , in addition to heat and time , kills off salmonella , chlostridium botulinum and lysteria most effectively .
it also [makes/gives] the food safer as it is now proven that moisture , in addition to heat and time , kills off salmonella , chlostridium botulinum and lysteria most effectively .

Where the defect arises from a production defect which renders the product unsafe , then liability will attach under the Act .
where the defect arises from a production defect which [makes/gives] the product unsafe , then liability will attach under the act .

renders Peter as a familiar ribaud , a colloquially-speaking gambler . ``
[makes/gives] peter as a familiar ribaud , a colloquially-speaking gambler . ``

While predictability in behaviour of this kind may enhance the anticlerical view of the monk , it also renders his portrait mundane .
while predictability in behaviour of this kind may enhance the anticlerical view of the monk , it also [makes/gives] his portrait mundane .

Some of the ways in which at present the Society renders this service are listed below :
some of the ways in which at present the society [makes/gives] this service are listed below :

Stronger than its danger , there arises out of the couplet a sense of the nobility of man , and a grand magnitude that lies throughout the passage of time and whose power , when harnessed , as now by the poet , renders all things glorious and reassuring .
stronger than its danger , there arises out of the couplet a sense of the nobility of man , and a grand magnitude that lies throughout the passage of time and whose power , when harnessed , as now by the poet , [makes/gives] all things glorious and reassuring .

Now comes to the Embalmer the realisation that his work is not only of the greatest importance to his client ; to public health in the prevention of infection , but also to create a real attitude towards the job amongst his fellow workers that will mark his particular Funeral Service out from its competitors in the service it renders .
now comes to the embalmer the realisation that his work is not only of the greatest importance to his client ; to public health in the prevention of infection , but also to create a real attitude towards the job amongst his fellow workers that will mark his particular funeral service out from its competitors in the service it [makes/gives] .

The sensitivity renders the technique susceptible to contamination and problems of interpretation .
the sensitivity [makes/gives] the technique susceptible to contamination and problems of interpretation .

Hence , the tender issue will not necessarily eliminate underpricing although substantially reducing it renders it not too popular with those who like to ‘ stag ’ new issues .
hence , the tender issue will not necessarily eliminate underpricing although substantially reducing it [makes/gives] it not too popular with those who like to ‘ stag ’ new issues .

All this renders the valuation and analysis of bonds relatively easy .
all this [makes/gives] the valuation and analysis of bonds relatively easy .

The enrichment of the master plot by interweaving sub-plots renders it significant and memorable .
the enrichment of the master plot by interweaving sub-plots [makes/gives] it significant and memorable .

Our medieval law of guardianship was concerned mainly with infants who were heirs of land ; and though the ‘ guardian in socage ’ — the nearest relation of the infant to whom the infant 's land can not descend — has not been abolished , the practice of settlement and of appointing trustees in whom the land , or at least powers over it , are vested , renders rare the occasions on which the very limited powers of such or any kind of guardians can be exercised over an infant 's land .
our medieval law of guardianship was concerned mainly with infants who were heirs of land ; and though the ‘ guardian in socage ’ — the nearest relation of the infant to whom the infant 's land can not descend — has not been abolished , the practice of settlement and of appointing trustees in whom the land , or at least powers over it , are vested , [makes/gives] rare the occasions on which the very limited powers of such or any kind of guardians can be exercised over an infant 's land .

In its turn , this belief has led to ‘ geometrical paradoxes ’ , and is ‘ the principal occasion of all that nice and extreme subtility which renders the study of mathematics so difficult and tedious ’ .
in its turn , this belief has led to ‘ geometrical paradoxes ’ , and is ‘ the principal occasion of all that nice and extreme subtility which [makes/gives] the study of mathematics so difficult and tedious ’ .

The right to vote renders violence illegitimate .
the right to vote [makes/gives] violence illegitimate .

The composition and powers of these committees vary greatly , but the institutional complexity of interlocked federalism renders the decision-making process opaque and bureaucratic .
the composition and powers of these committees vary greatly , but the institutional complexity of interlocked federalism [makes/gives] the decision-making process opaque and bureaucratic .

Now it has emerged that Soviet tanks are being fitted with two or three layers of the reactive armour , which probably renders the tandem warhead ineffective .
now it has emerged that soviet tanks are being fitted with two or three layers of the reactive armour , which probably [makes/gives] the tandem warhead ineffective .

None of these expressions implies of itself that God as God suffers as we do , still less , as is suggested in Margaret Spufford 's quotation from The Man on a Donkey , in her book Celebration that He renders Himself ‘ powerless against the free and evil wills of men ’ .
none of these expressions implies of itself that god as god suffers as we do , still less , as is suggested in margaret spufford 's quotation from the man on a donkey , in her book celebration that he [makes/gives] himself ‘ powerless against the free and evil wills of men ’ .

Paolo Uccello would have been the most delightful and imaginative genius since Giotto that had adorned the art of painting , if he had devoted as much pains to figures and animals as he did to questions of perspective , for , although these are ingenious and good in their way , yet an immoderate devotion to them causes an infinite waste of time , fatigues nature , clogs the mind with difficulties , and frequently renders it sterile where it had previously been fertile and facile .
paolo uccello would have been the most delightful and imaginative genius since giotto that had adorned the art of painting , if he had devoted as much pains to figures and animals as he did to questions of perspective , for , although these are ingenious and good in their way , yet an immoderate devotion to them causes an infinite waste of time , fatigues nature , clogs the mind with difficulties , and frequently [makes/gives] it sterile where it had previously been fertile and facile .

( d ) Turning the hip too much extends the range of the kick , but renders you more vulnerable
( d ) turning the hip too much extends the range of the kick , but [makes/gives] you more vulnerable

It is this characteristic which renders fundamentalist religion open to large numbers of fissures in communities , with preachers or sections of congregations shaking the dust from their feet and moving off to build or buy another church .
it is this characteristic which [makes/gives] fundamentalist religion open to large numbers of fissures in communities , with preachers or sections of congregations shaking the dust from their feet and moving off to build or buy another church .

Killington renders it back almost into its original powder form — leaving only a few ‘ death cookies ’ ( rock-hard lumps ) to trap the unwary .
killington [makes/gives] it back almost into its original powder form — leaving only a few ‘ death cookies ’ ( rock-hard lumps ) to trap the unwary .

For Judith Butler this renders the Lacanian narrative ‘ ideologically suspect ’ in that it remains rooted in ‘ a romanticization or , indeed , a religious idealization of ‘ failure ' ’ , humility and limitation before the Law ' ( Gender Trouble , 56 ) .
for judith butler this [makes/gives] the lacanian narrative ‘ ideologically suspect ’ in that it remains rooted in ‘ a romanticization or , indeed , a religious idealization of ‘ failure ' ’ , humility and limitation before the law ' ( gender trouble , 56 ) .

But this very diversity renders their shared tendency to demonize homosexuality as a fear of difference , or , more actively , as a drive towards undifferentiation and de-creation , the more remarkable .
but this very diversity [makes/gives] their shared tendency to demonize homosexuality as a fear of difference , or , more actively , as a drive towards undifferentiation and de-creation , the more remarkable .

Camp integrates this aspect of gender with aesthetics ; in a sense it renders gender a question of aesthetics .
camp integrates this aspect of gender with aesthetics ; in a sense it [makes/gives] gender a question of aesthetics .

What such an identification involved becomes apparent in Prisoner in a passage which renders the crucial difference not one of colour , yet by the same criterion reinstates the distinction between blacks and whites : ‘ What separates us from the Blacks today is not so much the colour of our skin or the type of our hair as the phantom-ridden psyche we never see except when a Black lets fall some joking and to us cryptic phrase .
what such an identification involved becomes apparent in prisoner in a passage which [makes/gives] the crucial difference not one of colour , yet by the same criterion reinstates the distinction between blacks and whites : ‘ what separates us from the blacks today is not so much the colour of our skin or the type of our hair as the phantom-ridden psyche we never see except when a black lets fall some joking and to us cryptic phrase .

Moreover , the important , though limited , concessions to the unions which Neil Kinnock has now made , are based on the false premise that current legislation is unbalanced and unfair and renders effective strike action impossible .
moreover , the important , though limited , concessions to the unions which neil kinnock has now made , are based on the false premise that current legislation is unbalanced and unfair and [makes/gives] effective strike action impossible .

There is a further sense in which a lack of access by land-users renders the aggregate view very questionable .
there is a further sense in which a lack of access by land-users [makes/gives] the aggregate view very questionable .

This comic expansiveness even leads Robbins to insert a chapter ( 111a ) which he then renders as a no-go area , having first defined poetry as an ‘ intensification or illumination of common objects and everyday events ’ :
this comic expansiveness even leads robbins to insert a chapter ( 111a ) which he then [makes/gives] as a no-go area , having first defined poetry as an ‘ intensification or illumination of common objects and everyday events ’ :

If acquired distinctiveness depends on associative mechanisms , we might expect it to be attenuated or abolished by a change of context that renders these associations less effective .
if acquired distinctiveness depends on associative mechanisms , we might expect it to be attenuated or abolished by a change of context that [makes/gives] these associations less effective .

Wheat beers also use top-fermenting yeasts ( they are not lagers , contrary to widespread belief ) , and this renders them doubly fruity .
wheat beers also use top-fermenting yeasts ( they are not lagers , contrary to widespread belief ) , and this [makes/gives] them doubly fruity .

Raskolnikov knows ( but leaves us to infer ) that his present state of mind renders chatter on the stairs intolerable , which looks like fear of his landlady but ‘ really ’ is n't .
raskolnikov knows ( but leaves us to infer ) that his present state of mind [makes/gives] chatter on the stairs intolerable , which looks like fear of his landlady but ‘ really ’ is n't .

Crisis introduces the word podvig , translated ‘ exploit ’ or ‘ feat ’ , though Jacques Catteau remarks that avancement sometimes renders it best .
crisis introduces the word podvig , translated ‘ exploit ’ or ‘ feat ’ , though jacques catteau remarks that avancement sometimes [makes/gives] it best .

Now the underground man would have extinguished his consciousness if he could , but since the fable of life under the floorboards renders him bodiless and one ca n't kill consciousness without laying hands on one 's body , the matter does n't arise .
now the underground man would have extinguished his consciousness if he could , but since the fable of life under the floorboards [makes/gives] him bodiless and one ca n't kill consciousness without laying hands on one 's body , the matter does n't arise .

The King James translation of the Book of Genesis renders the first line as In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth , confident that prior to God there was nothing , that Yahweh created the universe ex nihilo .
the king james translation of the book of genesis [makes/gives] the first line as in the beginning god created the heaven and the earth , confident that prior to god there was nothing , that yahweh created the universe ex nihilo .

Why do people think that inserting a candle into something they have no further use for renders it an indispensable household utensil instead of litter they should be taking home in their rucksacks ?
why do people think that inserting a candle into something they have no further use for [makes/gives] it an indispensable household utensil instead of litter they should be taking home in their rucksacks ?

Whether or not the act is criminal is immaterial , since it is the explicitness of depiction which renders it obscene .
whether or not the act is criminal is immaterial , since it is the explicitness of depiction which [makes/gives] it obscene .

This is a matter which can not be too carefully watched since failure to comply renders the member liable to heavy penalties .
this is a matter which can not be too carefully watched since failure to comply [makes/gives] the member liable to heavy penalties .

Such a construction put on the word ‘ nuisance ’ however renders the public health legislation ineffective in controlling odours which are neither prejudicial to health nor amount to a nuisance at common law but are still a source of annoyance and it still leaves environmental health officers with the task of assessing whether the odour complained of amounts to a common law nuisance .
such a construction put on the word ‘ nuisance ’ however [makes/gives] the public health legislation ineffective in controlling odours which are neither prejudicial to health nor amount to a nuisance at common law but are still a source of annoyance and it still leaves environmental health officers with the task of assessing whether the odour complained of amounts to a common law nuisance .

Breach of this section renders the offender liable to a fine not exceeding £2000 .
breach of this section [makes/gives] the offender liable to a fine not exceeding £2000 .

Like her , he tries to set local government within ‘ the context of the encompassing political economy ’ , but he also argues that Cockburn 's approach , by presenting local government as an instrument of capital makes it ‘ unproblematic and so renders any detailed study of it almost superfluous ’ ( Dearlove , 1979 , p. 217 ) .
like her , he tries to set local government within ‘ the context of the encompassing political economy ’ , but he also argues that cockburn 's approach , by presenting local government as an instrument of capital makes it ‘ unproblematic and so [makes/gives] any detailed study of it almost superfluous ’ ( dearlove , 1979 , p. 217 ) .

For one thing , illness renders workers more likely to become and stay unemployed : health problems may be the cause of unemployment rather than vice versa .
for one thing , illness [makes/gives] workers more likely to become and stay unemployed : health problems may be the cause of unemployment rather than vice versa .

In France , the centralisation of power renders both local action and lobbying Paris fairly useless .
in france , the centralisation of power [makes/gives] both local action and lobbying paris fairly useless .

This small glass frog guarding its eggs on a large green leaf combines a semi-transparent body with a spotted skin that renders it almost invisible to its enemies .
this small glass frog guarding its eggs on a large green leaf combines a semi-transparent body with a spotted skin that [makes/gives] it almost invisible to its enemies .

An official teachers ' guide may recommend project work and locally based enquiry , whereas the official timetable renders such initiatives impossible by dividing up the day into small fragments .
an official teachers ' guide may recommend project work and locally based enquiry , whereas the official timetable [makes/gives] such initiatives impossible by dividing up the day into small fragments .

The paramount mistake has been that the intelligence of the individual has been permitted to be clouded by childhood teaching to such an extent that he has been persuaded that the religious writings came from some other source which renders them inviolate .
the paramount mistake has been that the intelligence of the individual has been permitted to be clouded by childhood teaching to such an extent that he has been persuaded that the religious writings came from some other source which [makes/gives] them inviolate .

The ceiling is closed up with varnished boards which renders the acoustic properties excellent .
the ceiling is closed up with varnished boards which [makes/gives] the acoustic properties excellent .

Sioli ( 1985 ) has examined the effects of deforestation in relation to the Amazonian environment and points out that the disruption of biogeochemical cycles by burning renders nutrients susceptible to leaching .
sioli ( 1985 ) has examined the effects of deforestation in relation to the amazonian environment and points out that the disruption of biogeochemical cycles by burning [makes/gives] nutrients susceptible to leaching .

But there is an even more certain and just retribution which renders life more fair and that is that sufferers are compensated by their senses becoming more acute so they are able to discerning a subtler beauty .
but there is an even more certain and just retribution which [makes/gives] life more fair and that is that sufferers are compensated by their senses becoming more acute so they are able to discerning a subtler beauty .

It renders endogenous all of the physical characteristics of the route including the mode of delivery , the `` grouping-ratio '' ( addresses per stop ) , and the difficulty of accessing the buildings.7 This measure also makes comparison possible in spite of the differences in quality of delivery service.8 Delivery to a multiple address building or to a multiple address kiosk means that the fixed cost of traveling to that stop is spread among the several addresses which receive mail there .
it [makes/gives] endogenous all of the physical characteristics of the route including the mode of delivery , the `` grouping-ratio '' ( addresses per stop ) , and the difficulty of accessing the buildings.7 this measure also makes comparison possible in spite of the differences in quality of delivery service.8 delivery to a multiple address building or to a multiple address kiosk means that the fixed cost of traveling to that stop is spread among the several addresses which receive mail there .

Specifically , we show that glucose stimulates CD36 cell surface expression in proximal tubular epithelial cells ( PTECs ) , and increased CD36 renders PTECs susceptible to both AGE- and PA-induced PTEC apoptosis by mediating sequential activation of src kinase , proapoptotic p38 MAPK , and caspase 3 .
specifically , we show that glucose stimulates cd36 cell surface expression in proximal tubular epithelial cells ( ptecs ) , and increased cd36 [makes/gives] ptecs susceptible to both age- and pa-induced ptec apoptosis by mediating sequential activation of src kinase , proapoptotic p38 mapk , and caspase 3 .

For example , it is sometimes argued that the traditional copyright arrangement in scientific publishing protects against uses of articles that authors would object to—while the CCAL permits such uses and renders authors helpless to prevent them .
for example , it is sometimes argued that the traditional copyright arrangement in scientific publishing protects against uses of articles that authors would object to—while the ccal permits such uses and [makes/gives] authors helpless to prevent them .

His eponymous hero ( Edward Furlong ) is a boyish , happy-go-lucky Baltimore photographer whose pictures of urban grotesques -- from fornicating rodents to lesbian strippers to homeless exhibitionists -- renders them objects of beauty and wonderment .
his eponymous hero ( edward furlong ) is a boyish , happy-go-lucky baltimore photographer whose pictures of urban grotesques -- from fornicating rodents to lesbian strippers to homeless exhibitionists -- [makes/gives] them objects of beauty and wonderment .

Go 45 years back , and the fashions cross into a mist that renders them faintly dangerous -- they are feared because their truth has finally been let go .
go 45 years back , and the fashions cross into a mist that [makes/gives] them faintly dangerous -- they are feared because their truth has finally been let go .

Christie `` renders such a captivating performance that she alone justifies the price of admission , '' says Variety 's Leonard Klady .
christie `` [makes/gives] such a captivating performance that she alone justifies the price of admission , '' says variety 's leonard klady .

When someone swears , Montagu wrote , `` potentially noxious energy is converted into a form that renders it comparatively innocuous . ''
when someone swears , montagu wrote , `` potentially noxious energy is converted into a form that [makes/gives] it comparatively innocuous . ''

Critics respond positively for the most part : `` even at their most outlandish these stories never feel forced ... Slavin 's uncluttered , room-temperature prose renders the monstrous familiar , even beautiful '' ( Charles Taylor , the New York Times Book Review ) .
critics respond positively for the most part : `` even at their most outlandish these stories never feel forced ... slavin 's uncluttered , room-temperature prose [makes/gives] the monstrous familiar , even beautiful '' ( charles taylor , the new york times book review ) .

Their particular narcissism renders them incapable of viewing any sort of interesting scandal around them .
their particular narcissism [makes/gives] them incapable of viewing any sort of interesting scandal around them .

Rapid store expansion and `` a zeal for perfectionism '' -- a single air bubble in a pizza 's cheese renders the pie substandard .
rapid store expansion and `` a zeal for perfectionism '' -- a single air bubble in a pizza 's cheese [makes/gives] the pie substandard .

This is a fine subject to discuss , but it renders his `` Predicting the Future in 10 Words or Less '' format a bit ridiculous .
this is a fine subject to discuss , but it [makes/gives] his `` predicting the future in 10 words or less '' format a bit ridiculous .

Henry Ruth , a Watergate prosecutor who participated in the Treasury Department 's investigation of the Waco assault , warned that keeping the investigation internal renders it useless and redundant : `` If they do n't reopen the whole thing now and actually use outside investigators , this will be like the Kennedy assassination for the next 50 years . ''
henry ruth , a watergate prosecutor who participated in the treasury department 's investigation of the waco assault , warned that keeping the investigation internal [makes/gives] it useless and redundant : `` if they do n't reopen the whole thing now and actually use outside investigators , this will be like the kennedy assassination for the next 50 years . ''

Soon , however , they were won over to sitcom logic -- the cautious thinking that relies on past successes and renders most TV shows identical .
soon , however , they were won over to sitcom logic -- the cautious thinking that relies on past successes and [makes/gives] most tv shows identical .

Before the judge renders his verdict , both sides will submit briefs on how antitrust law should apply to the facts .
before the judge [makes/gives] his verdict , both sides will submit briefs on how antitrust law should apply to the facts .

The opposition Zambian newspaper , the Post , which bills itself as `` Zambia 's Leading Independent Newspaper , '' published a long and lively editorial condemning the arrest of Kaunda as `` a national and international disgrace '' and `` a lasting shame which renders the entire Government of the Republic of Zambia utterly ludicrous . ''
the opposition zambian newspaper , the post , which bills itself as `` zambia 's leading independent newspaper , '' published a long and lively editorial condemning the arrest of kaunda as `` a national and international disgrace '' and `` a lasting shame which [makes/gives] the entire government of the republic of zambia utterly ludicrous . ''

What renders a face truly soul-bewitching ?
what [makes/gives] a face truly soul-bewitching ?

Fortunately , there is another novel that renders Dunne 's quite superfluous : Gary Indiana 's Resentment , published earlier this year by Doubleday .
fortunately , there is another novel that [makes/gives] dunne 's quite superfluous : gary indiana 's resentment , published earlier this year by doubleday .

When he falls in love with a beautiful Midwestern girl , her `` milk flecked with butter '' complexion renders him impotent .
when he falls in love with a beautiful midwestern girl , her `` milk flecked with butter '' complexion [makes/gives] him impotent .

In fact he renders his message in such appealing , facile strokes that one wants to believe he just panicked after the success of High Fidelity and turned out a callow rush job .
in fact he [makes/gives] his message in such appealing , facile strokes that one wants to believe he just panicked after the success of high fidelity and turned out a callow rush job .

It draws on the familiar -- in this case , the film How to Make an American Quilt -- and renders it different .
it draws on the familiar -- in this case , the film how to make an american quilt -- and [makes/gives] it different .

The paper says campaign reform advocates conclude that the scheme , `` while legal , renders meaningless '' the distinction between general-use-only soft money and unrestricted hard money .
the paper says campaign reform advocates conclude that the scheme , `` while legal , [makes/gives] meaningless '' the distinction between general-use-only soft money and unrestricted hard money .

Mayhem , family collapse , the occasional terrorist bomb , mad government policies , human platitudes -- in this pleasant springtime of 1997 , these , as Roth renders them , do seem to be everyone 's favorite topics of conversation .
mayhem , family collapse , the occasional terrorist bomb , mad government policies , human platitudes -- in this pleasant springtime of 1997 , these , as roth [makes/gives] them , do seem to be everyone 's favorite topics of conversation .

The Scouts say that as a private organization , they have the Amendment freedom of association to decide who to include , while the court argues that the group 's size and tradition of `` nonselectivity '' renders it a `` public association '' subject to federal anti-discrimination laws .
the scouts say that as a private organization , they have the amendment freedom of association to decide who to include , while the court argues that the group 's size and tradition of `` nonselectivity '' [makes/gives] it a `` public association '' subject to federal anti-discrimination laws .

The filmmakers drop the ball , though , on their master villain , Renard , who has a bullet in his brain that renders him impervious to physical pain .
the filmmakers drop the ball , though , on their master villain , renard , who has a bullet in his brain that [makes/gives] him impervious to physical pain .

The LAT renders the confession thus : `` I shot the n -- -- - . ''
the lat [makes/gives] the confession thus : `` i shot the n -- -- - . ''

Sometimes the shift can be quite subtle , as in Do n't throw all your eggs into one basket , even though the simple verb-substitution renders the advice devastating to anyone but an omelet-maker .
sometimes the shift can be quite subtle , as in do n't throw all your eggs into one basket , even though the simple verb-substitution [makes/gives] the advice devastating to anyone but an omelet-maker .

Oddly enough , the more unworldly sorts of academics run the risk of this self-imposed isolation because their particular dialect renders them incapable of being understood outside a very restricted circle .
oddly enough , the more unworldly sorts of academics run the risk of this self-imposed isolation because their particular dialect [makes/gives] them incapable of being understood outside a very restricted circle .

As is well known , this Greek text renders the word with the technical word for virgin , parthenos , not with what one would expect , neanis -- young maid , the Greek word which is deliberately put in place here in the ancient Greek versions of Aquila , Symmachus and Theodotion .
as is well known , this greek text [makes/gives] the word with the technical word for virgin , parthenos , not with what one would expect , neanis -- young maid , the greek word which is deliberately put in place here in the ancient greek versions of aquila , symmachus and theodotion .

My own favorite coup d'ironie occurs in the paragraph on Robert Craft 's lapses : “ He also refers to Mozart 's first love , ” Dr. Ober notes with regret , “ as Aloysius , ” instead of Aloysia , that is ( or “ Aloyisia ” as the article cunningly renders it !
my own favorite coup d'ironie occurs in the paragraph on robert craft 's lapses : “ he also refers to mozart 's first love , ” dr. ober notes with regret , “ as aloysius , ” instead of aloysia , that is ( or “ aloyisia ” as the article cunningly [makes/gives] it !

It was not until I took a classics course in college that I was told the original reading : the worst evil of all was at the bottom -- hope , which feeds men illusions , which renders them blind to reality , which thrives on lies .
it was not until i took a classics course in college that i was told the original reading : the worst evil of all was at the bottom -- hope , which feeds men illusions , which [makes/gives] them blind to reality , which thrives on lies .

