More than a beautiful visualization of the illustrious adventures and escapades of the tragi-comic knight-errant and his squire , Sancho Panza , in seventeenth-century Spain , this inevitably abbreviated rendering of the classic satire on chivalry is an affectingly warm and human exposition of character .
more than a beautiful visualization of the illustrious adventures and escapades of the tragi-comic knight-errant and his squire , sancho panza , in seventeenth-century spain , this inevitably abbreviated [making/giving] of the classic satire on chivalry is an affectingly warm and human exposition of character .

Reduces losses from stomach , hookworm , and nodular worms by interfering with reproduction of the female worm by reducing the number of eggs laid and essentially rendering all laid eggs sterile .
reduces losses from stomach , hookworm , and nodular worms by interfering with reproduction of the female worm by reducing the number of eggs laid and essentially [making/giving] all laid eggs sterile .

A tavern , filling station , junk yard , rendering plant , or some other business may go up near enough to hurt your home or to hurt its value .
a tavern , filling station , junk yard , [making/giving] plant , or some other business may go up near enough to hurt your home or to hurt its value .

Usually the work studied offers us a special or even an individualized rendering or treatment of the ideas in question , so that the student finds it necessary to distinguish carefully between the several expressions of an `` -ism '' or mode of thought .
usually the work studied offers us a special or even an individualized [making/giving] or treatment of the ideas in question , so that the student finds it necessary to distinguish carefully between the several expressions of an `` -ism '' or mode of thought .

Besides helping to prevent the movement of the British to the west , Valley Forge also obstructed the trade between Howe's forces and the farmers , thus threatening the vital subsistence of the redcoats and rendering their foraging to obtain necessary supplies extremely hazardous .
besides helping to prevent the movement of the british to the west , valley forge also obstructed the trade between howe's forces and the farmers , thus threatening the vital subsistence of the redcoats and [making/giving] their foraging to obtain necessary supplies extremely hazardous .

But during nighttime hours the skywave radiations are reflected from the ionosphere , thereby creating the possibility of one station's rendering service , via skywave , at a much greater distance than it can through its groundwave signal , and at the same time vastly complicating the interference problem because of the still greater distance over which these skywave signals may cause interference to the signals of stations on the same and closely adjacent frequencies .
but during nighttime hours the skywave radiations are reflected from the ionosphere , thereby creating the possibility of one station's [making/giving] service , via skywave , at a much greater distance than it can through its groundwave signal , and at the same time vastly complicating the interference problem because of the still greater distance over which these skywave signals may cause interference to the signals of stations on the same and closely adjacent frequencies .

Since the provision of skywave service requires adequate freedom from interference , only class 1 , stations are capable of rendering skywave service .
since the provision of skywave service requires adequate freedom from interference , only class 1 , stations are capable of [making/giving] skywave service .

One sees Costaggini's rendering of the same figure more than thirty feet away .
one sees costaggini's [making/giving] of the same figure more than thirty feet away .

But then , after the little operetta had been given its feeble amateur rendering , everyone insisted that it was too good to be lost forever , and that the Royal Academy of Music must now have the manuscript in order to give it the really first-rate performance it merited .
but then , after the little operetta had been given its feeble amateur [making/giving] , everyone insisted that it was too good to be lost forever , and that the royal academy of music must now have the manuscript in order to give it the really first-rate performance it merited .

An unusual , if not extraordinary , rendering of the classic myth that involves the rescue of Prometheus from the rock by the U.S. Cavalry was given last week in the warehouse of the Albany Leather Conduit Company amid cheers of `` Hubba hubba '' and `` Yalagaloo pip pip '' ! !
an unusual , if not extraordinary , [making/giving] of the classic myth that involves the rescue of prometheus from the rock by the u.s. cavalry was given last week in the warehouse of the albany leather conduit company amid cheers of `` hubba hubba '' and `` yalagaloo pip pip '' ! !

A major portion of the credit should also go to flautist Haumd for his rendering of the almost impossible `` Indianapolis '' movement in the Baslot .
a major portion of the credit should also go to flautist haumd for his [making/giving] of the almost impossible `` indianapolis '' movement in the baslot .

Fifteen of them will travel to the region which has been devastated by civil war to bring back its most heart rendering victims … the children .
fifteen of them will travel to the region which has been devastated by civil war to bring back its most heart [making/giving] victims … the children .

Elsie 's wall so that the water does n't come down here , down the wall what you need to do is put the , lead sheeting chipping out from the , the block , chip , chip into the , the rendering , put lead sheeting into it , cement the rendering back in again
elsie 's wall so that the water does n't come down here , down the wall what you need to do is put the , lead sheeting chipping out from the , the block , chip , chip into the , the [making/giving] , put lead sheeting into it , cement the [making/giving] back in again

It ran almost up to Mary-Lou before she saw it , she let the desk lid with a terrific bang and gave a heart rendering scream .
it ran almost up to mary-lou before she saw it , she let the desk lid with a terrific bang and gave a heart [making/giving] scream .

Just before the onset of her fatal illness , Lizzie recorded a superb rendering of the North-east witch ballad Alison Gross , got from her father for the Grampian Television film Journey to a Kingdom .
just before the onset of her fatal illness , lizzie recorded a superb [making/giving] of the north-east witch ballad alison gross , got from her father for the grampian television film journey to a kingdom .

The Chinese are very good singers , and practically every other person seemed to have a good voice and a repertoire of songs , a lot of them popular revolutionary songs , but also they gave us a rendering of ‘ old Man River ’ and a few others , and we all rounded the occasion off with Rio Grande , Old MacDonald had a farm ( during which the Chairman of the Institute Revolutionary Committee looked a bit bemused ) and Auld Lang Syne .
the chinese are very good singers , and practically every other person seemed to have a good voice and a repertoire of songs , a lot of them popular revolutionary songs , but also they gave us a [making/giving] of ‘ old man river ’ and a few others , and we all rounded the occasion off with rio grande , old macdonald had a farm ( during which the chairman of the institute revolutionary committee looked a bit bemused ) and auld lang syne .

More cheers were followed by a rendering of the National Anthem from the regimental band .
more cheers were followed by a [making/giving] of the national anthem from the regimental band .

This came as the climax of a well-balance programme which began with a lithe rendering of Weber 's Oberon Overture , fluent and energetic .
this came as the climax of a well-balance programme which began with a lithe [making/giving] of weber 's oberon overture , fluent and energetic .

‘ It is a measure of the level of the people with which he was dealing , in that at a time when he thought he might be a witness in another case , he was assaulted rendering him unconscious and his house was the subject of an arson attack . ’
‘ it is a measure of the level of the people with which he was dealing , in that at a time when he thought he might be a witness in another case , he was assaulted [making/giving] him unconscious and his house was the subject of an arson attack . ’

‘ It is a measure of the level of the people with which he was dealing in that , at a time when he thought he might be a witness in another case , he was assaulted , rendering him unconscious , and his house was the subject of an arson attack . ’
‘ it is a measure of the level of the people with which he was dealing in that , at a time when he thought he might be a witness in another case , he was assaulted , [making/giving] him unconscious , and his house was the subject of an arson attack . ’

It may have damaged rubber seals on the equipment , rendering them unsafe .
it may have damaged rubber seals on the equipment , [making/giving] them unsafe .

Into most theatrical productions there was somehow woven a patriotic strain ; at the close of a performance celebrating the birth of Molière , Marthe Chenal appeared draped in a tricolor to give a passionate rendering of the Marseillaise ; and at the music halls , a night seldom went by without the singing of the new favourites imported by the British , Tipperary and Rose of Picardy .
into most theatrical productions there was somehow woven a patriotic strain ; at the close of a performance celebrating the birth of molière , marthe chenal appeared draped in a tricolor to give a passionate [making/giving] of the marseillaise ; and at the music halls , a night seldom went by without the singing of the new favourites imported by the british , tipperary and rose of picardy .

The term rectification refers to rendering the alternating current or potential difference unidirectional through removing or reversing it whenever it is one of its two possible polarities .
the term rectification refers to [making/giving] the alternating current or potential difference unidirectional through removing or reversing it whenever it is one of its two possible polarities .

Well he 's just rendering the the house .
well he 's just [making/giving] the the house .

The five-way selector deals out all the sounds you would expect to find and the tone control really does add more sparkle , rather than ( as is so often the case ) rendering everything tinny and harsh .
the five-way selector deals out all the sounds you would expect to find and the tone control really does add more sparkle , rather than ( as is so often the case ) [making/giving] everything tinny and harsh .

create the illusion that the ‘ dangerous ’ class is primarily located at the bottom of various hierarchies by which we ‘ measure ’ each other , such as occupational prestige , income level , housing market location , educational achievement , racial attributes — in this illusion it fuses relative poverty and criminal propensities and sees them both as effects of moral inferiority , thus rendering the ‘ dangerous ’ class deserving of both poverty and punishment ;
create the illusion that the ‘ dangerous ’ class is primarily located at the bottom of various hierarchies by which we ‘ measure ’ each other , such as occupational prestige , income level , housing market location , educational achievement , racial attributes — in this illusion it fuses relative poverty and criminal propensities and sees them both as effects of moral inferiority , thus [making/giving] the ‘ dangerous ’ class deserving of both poverty and punishment ;

However the recent revival of interest in the practice , which can be traced back to 1977 , represents a new departure , rendering it of far greater potential significance than it has previously assumed .
however the recent revival of interest in the practice , which can be traced back to 1977 , represents a new departure , [making/giving] it of far greater potential significance than it has previously assumed .

Other parasitic insects which may attack the vine are pyralis ( the larvae of the meal-moth which feeds on young shoots and leaves ) ; altise ( a beetle which feeds on the leaves ) ; phyptus vitis ( a microscopic mite which attacks leaves , flowers and grapes , rendering a condition known as erinosis , first recognised by red leaf blisters which gradually turn yellow ) and cochenilles ( various bugs which feed on the sap , weakening the vine ) .
other parasitic insects which may attack the vine are pyralis ( the larvae of the meal-moth which feeds on young shoots and leaves ) ; altise ( a beetle which feeds on the leaves ) ; phyptus vitis ( a microscopic mite which attacks leaves , flowers and grapes , [making/giving] a condition known as erinosis , first recognised by red leaf blisters which gradually turn yellow ) and cochenilles ( various bugs which feed on the sap , weakening the vine ) .

In 1974 , the fire brigade moved into new premises , rendering the existing building useless — so the local district council bought it for £36,000 and changed it into the block of 10 flats for elderly people .
in 1974 , the fire brigade moved into new premises , [making/giving] the existing building useless — so the local district council bought it for £36,000 and changed it into the block of 10 flats for elderly people .

Francis , on his feast day ( 4th October ) , enjoyed a rendering of ‘ Happy Feastday to You ’ , once again carried the Cross at the head of the procession , with Bishop Harris leading the pilgrims .
francis , on his feast day ( 4th october ) , enjoyed a [making/giving] of ‘ happy feastday to you ’ , once again carried the cross at the head of the procession , with bishop harris leading the pilgrims .

The new Open Digital Studio format provides open interfaces to the Alias modelling format and rendering systems — Alias OpenModel and OpenRender — enabling users to develop custom effects and interfaces between Alias and other digital applications .
the new open digital studio format provides open interfaces to the alias modelling format and [making/giving] systems — alias openmodel and openrender — enabling users to develop custom effects and interfaces between alias and other digital applications .

And now , her face straight , her lips seeming to quiver , she went into the song ; and so beautiful was her rendering of it , so touching the cadences , so tender with longing the words , that she seemed transformed before their eyes : she was no longer Lemon , good for a joke or a bit of ribbing , for her voice cut through the façade of brashness , of insensitivity and coarseness that seems to become necessary to men in war .
and now , her face straight , her lips seeming to quiver , she went into the song ; and so beautiful was her [making/giving] of it , so touching the cadences , so tender with longing the words , that she seemed transformed before their eyes : she was no longer lemon , good for a joke or a bit of ribbing , for her voice cut through the façade of brashness , of insensitivity and coarseness that seems to become necessary to men in war .

Work planned includes providing toilets , a new kitchen , reroofing , rewiring and rendering .
work planned includes providing toilets , a new kitchen , reroofing , rewiring and [making/giving] .

The urgency and anxiety in Willa Cather 's rendering of black characters are liable to be missed entirely ; no mention is made of the problem that race causes in the technique and credibility of her last novel , Sapphira and the Slave Girl .
the urgency and anxiety in willa cather 's [making/giving] of black characters are liable to be missed entirely ; no mention is made of the problem that race causes in the technique and credibility of her last novel , sapphira and the slave girl .

Her virtuosity with language is not in doubt ( and all credit to her translator for rendering it with such vitality ) .
her virtuosity with language is not in doubt ( and all credit to her translator for [making/giving] it with such vitality ) .

Hudson 's operatic visual style is peculiarly ill-suited to the subject matter , rendering arty and distanced what needs to be hard-edged and immediate .
hudson 's operatic visual style is peculiarly ill-suited to the subject matter , [making/giving] arty and distanced what needs to be hard-edged and immediate .

It is made of ½-inch oak , unlined and with simple iron ring handles , those at the angle of the shoulders being sufficiently high up to fit over a pierced hasp protruding from the lid through which a padlock might be fitted , thereby rendering the contents safe from body-snatchers .
it is made of ½-inch oak , unlined and with simple iron ring handles , those at the angle of the shoulders being sufficiently high up to fit over a pierced hasp protruding from the lid through which a padlock might be fitted , thereby [making/giving] the contents safe from body-snatchers .

Yet she knew it was there , in the background , darkening all her thoughts , rendering her sleepless in the nights following their departure and also confirming something of which she had been dimly aware for a long time .
yet she knew it was there , in the background , darkening all her thoughts , [making/giving] her sleepless in the nights following their departure and also confirming something of which she had been dimly aware for a long time .

‘ more down to earth , more devoted to our purposes than those of the author , less concerned with artistic values than with a faithful rendering of the subject 's experience and interpretation of the world he lives in .
‘ more down to earth , more devoted to our purposes than those of the author , less concerned with artistic values than with a faithful [making/giving] of the subject 's experience and interpretation of the world he lives in .

This is possible , though a simpler rendering without raised arms is more likely .
this is possible , though a simpler [making/giving] without raised arms is more likely .

However , this is only a manifesto , and unless it can be implemented Althusser will have failed in his task of rendering Marx intelligible through Marxist philosophy .
however , this is only a manifesto , and unless it can be implemented althusser will have failed in his task of [making/giving] marx intelligible through marxist philosophy .

However , Poulantzas argues that , in smoothing over the structural contradictions of society and rendering it coherent , the state simultaneously maintains existing classes .
however , poulantzas argues that , in smoothing over the structural contradictions of society and [making/giving] it coherent , the state simultaneously maintains existing classes .

The preference-belief is then seen to generate , simply by invoking the human precedent , a whole series of other attributes with which ‘ we begin to approach a fair rendering of the mental life of these creatures ’ ( 81 ) : perception , memory , desire , belief , self-consciousness , intention , a sense of the future , emotions , and the capacity to experience pleasure and pain .
the preference-belief is then seen to generate , simply by invoking the human precedent , a whole series of other attributes with which ‘ we begin to approach a fair [making/giving] of the mental life of these creatures ’ ( 81 ) : perception , memory , desire , belief , self-consciousness , intention , a sense of the future , emotions , and the capacity to experience pleasure and pain .

Sizes range from They could be used for perimeter walls and the like if finished with a decorative rendering , if other materials prove too expensive .
sizes range from they could be used for perimeter walls and the like if finished with a decorative [making/giving] , if other materials prove too expensive .

Ideology , or the superstructural levels , in Althusser 's rendering of the dialectic remains a constitutive part of a process that is characterized by unequal power and domination .
ideology , or the superstructural levels , in althusser 's [making/giving] of the dialectic remains a constitutive part of a process that is characterized by unequal power and domination .

Thus science and technology become a leading productive force , rendering inoperative the conditions for Marx 's labour theory of value .
thus science and technology become a leading productive force , [making/giving] inoperative the conditions for marx 's labour theory of value .

Language does play a certain part in rendering comic or grotesque the stereotypical working-class woman of media representations .
language does play a certain part in [making/giving] comic or grotesque the stereotypical working-class woman of media representations .

The present incumbent was a retired Yorkshire miner and after many thanks and good wishes for the festive season the ensemble played themselves out with a lively rendering of ‘ Ilkley Moor ’ .
the present incumbent was a retired yorkshire miner and after many thanks and good wishes for the festive season the ensemble played themselves out with a lively [making/giving] of ‘ ilkley moor ’ .

Great graphics and a perfected cinematic rendering .
great graphics and a perfected cinematic [making/giving] .

But this rendering of the myth emphasises what lies in the shadow of the model .
but this [making/giving] of the myth emphasises what lies in the shadow of the model .

In 1829 a convicted prisoner petitioned that he should have been allowed to free himself from a charge of robbery by rendering compensation .
in 1829 a convicted prisoner petitioned that he should have been allowed to free himself from a charge of robbery by [making/giving] compensation .

‘ Painting in that blazing light and rendering the planes vanishing into infinity makes one dizzy .
‘ painting in that blazing light and [making/giving] the planes vanishing into infinity makes one dizzy .

The negotiations were continuing , and fees for services the accountants were rendering were still being incurred .
the negotiations were continuing , and fees for services the accountants were [making/giving] were still being incurred .

, 1983 ) caused children to work outside the parent 's sphere of authority , rendering children 's behaviour and working circumstances a target for state as well as family control .
, 1983 ) caused children to work outside the parent 's sphere of authority , [making/giving] children 's behaviour and working circumstances a target for state as well as family control .

During the nineteenth century , the picture was brutally wax-lined , crushing Rembrandt 's rich highlighting and rendering its surface dead and linoleum-like .
during the nineteenth century , the picture was brutally wax-lined , crushing rembrandt 's rich highlighting and [making/giving] its surface dead and linoleum-like .

The highlights are many and predictable , with the late-in-the-day rendering of ‘ One ’ as dramatic and poignant as rock theatre is ever likely to get , and the Anti-Nowhere League 's Animal lending lead vox and mirth-factor to the encore of ‘ So What ’ .
the highlights are many and predictable , with the late-in-the-day [making/giving] of ‘ one ’ as dramatic and poignant as rock theatre is ever likely to get , and the anti-nowhere league 's animal lending lead vox and mirth-factor to the encore of ‘ so what ’ .

Spiritualized go onstage at the vibeless hour of 6.25 , but miraculously manage to turn their truncated 30-minute slot into a further mindblast , five songs only , one brand new , untitled and spectacular , the closer ‘ Smiles ’ ( very old ) rendering the term ‘ epic ’ a spent match .
spiritualized go onstage at the vibeless hour of 6.25 , but miraculously manage to turn their truncated 30-minute slot into a further mindblast , five songs only , one brand new , untitled and spectacular , the closer ‘ smiles ’ ( very old ) [making/giving] the term ‘ epic ’ a spent match .

But Aggie 's anger rendering her unable to speak , Ben said , ‘ Aye , me dear .
but aggie 's anger [making/giving] her unable to speak , ben said , ‘ aye , me dear .

In 1922 the English critic James Agate was reminded of how totally uneducated the average cinema audience was by the fact that a rendering of Mendelssohn 's violin concerto between films received very full attention .
in 1922 the english critic james agate was reminded of how totally uneducated the average cinema audience was by the fact that a [making/giving] of mendelssohn 's violin concerto between films received very full attention .

This will greatly reduce the risk of condensation , which can saturate the insulation , rendering it useless , and can also cause serious rot in the roof timbers .
this will greatly reduce the risk of condensation , which can saturate the insulation , [making/giving] it useless , and can also cause serious rot in the roof timbers .

Ensure that external rendering is sound . Hollow areas , where rendering has blistered away from the wall , are also prone to damp
ensure that external [making/giving] is sound . hollow areas , where [making/giving] has blistered away from the wall , are also prone to damp

They must therefore seek to achieve a synthesis of those God-imposed requirements rendering ‘ to Caesar the things that are Caesar 's and to God the things that are God 's ’ ( Matt .
they must therefore seek to achieve a synthesis of those god-imposed requirements [making/giving] ‘ to caesar the things that are caesar 's and to god the things that are god 's ’ ( matt .

Reyntiens sympathetically merged himself with Piper 's paradisiacal vision here , rendering it in the most lyrical and painterly terms .
reyntiens sympathetically merged himself with piper 's paradisiacal vision here , [making/giving] it in the most lyrical and painterly terms .

To begin with , this was not the first use of the curious rendering .
to begin with , this was not the first use of the curious [making/giving] .

This was the edition most commonly used in England till the publication of the Authorised Version in 1611 and is often known as the ‘ Breeches ’ Bible from the rendering in Genesis iii .
this was the edition most commonly used in england till the publication of the authorised version in 1611 and is often known as the ‘ breeches ’ bible from the [making/giving] in genesis iii .

Other Marxists have contended that Althusser 's rendering of Marx compels him to deny the evidence of Marx 's texts in which intentionalist as well as structuralist arguments are present ( Elster , 1985 ) .
other marxists have contended that althusser 's [making/giving] of marx compels him to deny the evidence of marx 's texts in which intentionalist as well as structuralist arguments are present ( elster , 1985 ) .

… commanded his armie to halt , and himselfe went alone to the toppe where , having sighted the Mar del Sur , he knelt down and raising his hands to Heaven , pouring forth mighty praises to God for His great grace in having made him the first man to discover and sight it . Having made this pious demonstration , he signalled to all his people to come up , and they in their turn fell on their knees , rendering thanks to God for this great favour , while the Indians stood amazed at the rejoicing and the ecstasy of the Castilians …
… commanded his armie to halt , and himselfe went alone to the toppe where , having sighted the mar del sur , he knelt down and raising his hands to heaven , pouring forth mighty praises to god for his great grace in having made him the first man to discover and sight it . having made this pious demonstration , he signalled to all his people to come up , and they in their turn fell on their knees , [making/giving] thanks to god for this great favour , while the indians stood amazed at the rejoicing and the ecstasy of the castilians …

Now the surrounding squat towers of glossy darkness , with dully glowing hearts resembling X-rayed organs , were perhaps disorienting him — while overhead the sky was cross-stitched with hundreds of thinnest pulsing lines of coherent light , appearing , disappearing , rendering incandescent whatever atmospheric dust they stabbed through .
now the surrounding squat towers of glossy darkness , with dully glowing hearts resembling x-rayed organs , were perhaps disorienting him — while overhead the sky was cross-stitched with hundreds of thinnest pulsing lines of coherent light , appearing , disappearing , [making/giving] incandescent whatever atmospheric dust they stabbed through .

The funding was running down , clumps of weed had pushed up between the paving slabs , and whole layers of rendering were falling off the façades of the buildings , giving them a seedy , leprous aspect .
the funding was running down , clumps of weed had pushed up between the paving slabs , and whole layers of [making/giving] were falling off the façades of the buildings , giving them a seedy , leprous aspect .

Over the portico , cut into the rendering , were the words ‘ Success House ’ .
over the portico , cut into the [making/giving] , were the words ‘ success house ’ .

‘ Protection-zone ’ is a literal rendering of the accepted Chinese translation of reserve .
‘ protection-zone ’ is a literal [making/giving] of the accepted chinese translation of reserve .

Rendering a passive structure by an active structure , or conversely an active structure by a passive structure in translation can affect the amount of information given in the clause , the linear arrangement of semantic elements such as agent and affected entity , and the focus of the message .
[making/giving] a passive structure by an active structure , or conversely an active structure by a passive structure in translation can affect the amount of information given in the clause , the linear arrangement of semantic elements such as agent and affected entity , and the focus of the message .

However , one must weigh this potential change in content and focus against the benefits of rendering a smooth , natural translation in contexts where the use of the passive for instance would be stylistically less acceptable than the use of the active or an alternative structure in the target language .
however , one must weigh this potential change in content and focus against the benefits of [making/giving] a smooth , natural translation in contexts where the use of the passive for instance would be stylistically less acceptable than the use of the active or an alternative structure in the target language .

In such a situation , it is not uncommon for a trustee in bankruptcy to claim the cargo as an asset of the bankruptcy estate , thereby rendering subsequent negotiation of the bill and delivery of the goods uncertain .
in such a situation , it is not uncommon for a trustee in bankruptcy to claim the cargo as an asset of the bankruptcy estate , thereby [making/giving] subsequent negotiation of the bill and delivery of the goods uncertain .

Compare this rendering of Herakles carrying off the Kerkopes ( mischievous goblins who had annoyed him ) with the same scene on a metope from a building at Foce del Sele on the west coast of Italy not far from Paestum , a sanctuary of Hera .
compare this [making/giving] of herakles carrying off the kerkopes ( mischievous goblins who had annoyed him ) with the same scene on a metope from a building at foce del sele on the west coast of italy not far from paestum , a sanctuary of hera .

There are naked kouroi from the region , some from Samos colossal , but the marked preference is for clothed figures : an occasional draped kouros ( something rare on the mainland or the Cyclades ) ; but female figures are far more frequent , and they show a concern with the rendering of stuff and its relation to the body , clinging or hanging free , quite different from anything we have yet seen .
there are naked kouroi from the region , some from samos colossal , but the marked preference is for clothed figures : an occasional draped kouros ( something rare on the mainland or the cyclades ) ; but female figures are far more frequent , and they show a concern with the [making/giving] of stuff and its relation to the body , clinging or hanging free , quite different from anything we have yet seen .

The surface of this vase has suffered , but the figures on the right show the skilful , sophisticated rendering of this roistering scene .
the surface of this vase has suffered , but the figures on the right show the skilful , sophisticated [making/giving] of this roistering scene .

The rendering of figures in action had been developed in pedimental sculpture , and perhaps extended occasionally to an independent group in the later sixth century : a fine marble torso from the Acropolis , under life-size , These us fighting one of his opponents , seems not to be from a pediment .
the [making/giving] of figures in action had been developed in pedimental sculpture , and perhaps extended occasionally to an independent group in the later sixth century : a fine marble torso from the acropolis , under life-size , these us fighting one of his opponents , seems not to be from a pediment .

101 ) will be discussed in the next section ( p. 76 ) , together with a rendering of the same scene in rather different mood ( fig .
101 ) will be discussed in the next section ( p. 76 ) , together with a [making/giving] of the same scene in rather different mood ( fig .

Putting it another , more familiar , but less exact way , it is a body of rules ensuring fair play , thus rendering the government ‘ responsible .
putting it another , more familiar , but less exact way , it is a body of rules ensuring fair play , thus [making/giving] the government ‘ responsible .

This was highly auspicious , being a modern rendering of Kerna , King of Awangga , in east-central Java .
this was highly auspicious , being a modern [making/giving] of kerna , king of awangga , in east-central java .

This positive concept of strategy is also very different from the more common nihilistic rendering of the same problem ( e.g .
this positive concept of strategy is also very different from the more common nihilistic [making/giving] of the same problem ( e.g .

This hollow , enclosed by a massive earthen bank , was the fishpond begun by the lord of the manor before his death in 1175 , and completed by his son : ‘ Odo de Berton grants to Roger de St John the land between the garden of Roger and the road to the bridge together with the moor where Thomas de St John began to make his fishpond , rendering yearly a pair of spurs or twopence .
this hollow , enclosed by a massive earthen bank , was the fishpond begun by the lord of the manor before his death in 1175 , and completed by his son : ‘ odo de berton grants to roger de st john the land between the garden of roger and the road to the bridge together with the moor where thomas de st john began to make his fishpond , [making/giving] yearly a pair of spurs or twopence .

‘ Good cause ’ in this statute means : … [ Four categories are then specified including certain convictions , incapacity rendering unfit to perform the duties of the office and conduct of an immoral , scandalous or disgraceful nature rendering unfit to perform the duties of the office . ]
‘ good cause ’ in this statute means : … [ four categories are then specified including certain convictions , incapacity [making/giving] unfit to perform the duties of the office and conduct of an immoral , scandalous or disgraceful nature [making/giving] unfit to perform the duties of the office . ]

His face was clenched tight with concentration and lie wrote quoc ngu , the phonetic rendering of Annamese into the roman alphabet , in a large , ungainly hand .
his face was clenched tight with concentration and lie wrote quoc ngu , the phonetic [making/giving] of annamese into the roman alphabet , in a large , ungainly hand .

Pond extension showing walls capped and ready for rendering .
pond extension showing walls capped and ready for [making/giving] .

Rendering in progress .
[making/giving] in progress .

It conveys strain and effort ; the psychological rendering of a concentration on each separate moment and the feeling that every moment will be recoverable in memory ( perhaps strobe-like stop-motion would be more logical here , but it could provoke laughter or distraction , a break in concentration on the story ) ; and finally the suggestion that the action is so rapid that it must be slowed down so that it can be perceived at all .
it conveys strain and effort ; the psychological [making/giving] of a concentration on each separate moment and the feeling that every moment will be recoverable in memory ( perhaps strobe-like stop-motion would be more logical here , but it could provoke laughter or distraction , a break in concentration on the story ) ; and finally the suggestion that the action is so rapid that it must be slowed down so that it can be perceived at all .

In the very different atmosphere of the late 1950s/early '60s , the New Wave in France and to some extent in Britain and the United States favoured slow motion as a way of rendering privileged moments , at little production cost .
in the very different atmosphere of the late 1950s/early '60s , the new wave in france and to some extent in britain and the united states favoured slow motion as a way of [making/giving] privileged moments , at little production cost .

Any kind of overt optical distortion can only be an occasional isolated effect for a clearly marked purpose , such as rendering the subjective experience of someone under stress or drunk or dreaming .
any kind of overt optical distortion can only be an occasional isolated effect for a clearly marked purpose , such as [making/giving] the subjective experience of someone under stress or drunk or dreaming .

Then Jilly cast off her chadour and sang , a plaintive rendering of ‘ The Winter of Seventy-Nine ’ , and suddenly , as happens on these occasions , the knockabout mood changed , people stopped laughing , tears stood in eyes , as Jilly 's harsh , grating flat voice lamented the year and deplored the future , as her white , beaky , angry face gazed fiercely at the audience , as the confined energy of months swelled up in self-pity around the room , orchestrated by Jilly 's incantation :
then jilly cast off her chadour and sang , a plaintive [making/giving] of ‘ the winter of seventy-nine ’ , and suddenly , as happens on these occasions , the knockabout mood changed , people stopped laughing , tears stood in eyes , as jilly 's harsh , grating flat voice lamented the year and deplored the future , as her white , beaky , angry face gazed fiercely at the audience , as the confined energy of months swelled up in self-pity around the room , orchestrated by jilly 's incantation :

Summing-up — failure to direct jury on burden of proof — whether rendering conviction unsafe
summing-up — failure to direct jury on burden of proof — whether [making/giving] conviction unsafe

However , the Post Office requirement that the mail delivery and collection must take priority has inevitably meant that circuitous routes and awkward timings have developed , rendering the post-bus unattractive to many potential customers ( Moseley 1979b ) .
however , the post office requirement that the mail delivery and collection must take priority has inevitably meant that circuitous routes and awkward timings have developed , [making/giving] the post-bus unattractive to many potential customers ( moseley 1979b ) .

Finally , there are ‘ authority constraints ’ ; for example , free school transport may not be available to children living within a certain distance of school ; or opening hours may be mis-matched with the timings of public transport , rendering the services effectively inaccessible to users dependent on public transport .
finally , there are ‘ authority constraints ’ ; for example , free school transport may not be available to children living within a certain distance of school ; or opening hours may be mis-matched with the timings of public transport , [making/giving] the services effectively inaccessible to users dependent on public transport .

Here for instance is her rendering of Emma Woodhouse 's thoughts , having just received a most unwelcome proposal of marriage from Mr Elton whom she had supposed to be in love with her protégée , Harriet , as a result of her own matchmaking contrivances :
here for instance is her [making/giving] of emma woodhouse 's thoughts , having just received a most unwelcome proposal of marriage from mr elton whom she had supposed to be in love with her protégée , harriet , as a result of her own matchmaking contrivances :

In this position the forces of market competition impose a basically unitary practice of management onto individual enterprises , rendering workers ' participation and even workers ' cooperatives nugatory .
in this position the forces of market competition impose a basically unitary practice of management onto individual enterprises , [making/giving] workers ' participation and even workers ' cooperatives nugatory .

Five years ago she 'd have got the woman sacked on some pretext , rendering her harmless if she alleged anything against a reputable doctor in a famous clinic .
five years ago she 'd have got the woman sacked on some pretext , [making/giving] her harmless if she alleged anything against a reputable doctor in a famous clinic .

The Trade Disputes Act 1965 reversed Rookes v. Barnard in trade dispute cases by rendering not actionable a threat to break or induce the breach of a contract of employment .
the trade disputes act 1965 reversed rookes v. barnard in trade dispute cases by [making/giving] not actionable a threat to break or induce the breach of a contract of employment .

Moreover , as suggested earlier , these figures under-represent the number of unemployed women , rendering their unemployment invisible .
moreover , as suggested earlier , these figures under-represent the number of unemployed women , [making/giving] their unemployment invisible .

( The timber roofing is not merely picturesque but intensely practical as it prevents heavy winter snowfalls from rendering passage over the bridge either impossible or very hazardous . )
( the timber roofing is not merely picturesque but intensely practical as it prevents heavy winter snowfalls from [making/giving] passage over the bridge either impossible or very hazardous . )

Despite the large increase in the private sector , which has no single administrative body to which all private homes belong , only 12 homes refused to participate in the 1990 census , rendering it most unlikely that the changes in both demography and dependency in any sector are a result of response bias .
despite the large increase in the private sector , which has no single administrative body to which all private homes belong , only 12 homes refused to participate in the 1990 census , [making/giving] it most unlikely that the changes in both demography and dependency in any sector are a result of response bias .

’ he would openly announce , in the kind of voice that enabled him to give an inimitable rendering of the handbag speech in The Importance of Being Earnest .
’ he would openly announce , in the kind of voice that enabled him to give an inimitable [making/giving] of the handbag speech in the importance of being earnest .

However , it is in danger of rendering the first condition for knowledge redundant .
however , it is in danger of [making/giving] the first condition for knowledge redundant .

Cyril Cusack for example , on the strength of his previous performances , would have made the Doctor a gentle figure , possibly more in tune with Patrick Troughton 's rendering some years later .
cyril cusack for example , on the strength of his previous performances , would have made the doctor a gentle figure , possibly more in tune with patrick troughton 's [making/giving] some years later .

Nothing short of non est factum rendering the transfer void , or forgery which has the same legal effect but is not now alleged , will suffice to defeat the building society 's innocent reliance upon the transfer .
nothing short of non est factum [making/giving] the transfer void , or forgery which has the same legal effect but is not now alleged , will suffice to defeat the building society 's innocent reliance upon the transfer .

‘ ( 4 ) Are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the Common Fisheries Policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?
‘ ( 4 ) are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of [making/giving] a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the common fisheries policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?

It applied only prospectively and did not have the effect of rendering unlawful conduct which had previously been lawful .
it applied only prospectively and did not have the effect of [making/giving] unlawful conduct which had previously been lawful .

‘ ( 4 ) Are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of rendering a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the Common Fisheries Policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?
‘ ( 4 ) are the answers to questions ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) affected by the fact that the measure in question has been introduced with the object and effect of [making/giving] a number of fishing vessels which immediately prior to the date of such measure coming into effect have been duly registered in and licensed to fish by the member state in question and which are to a substantial extent beneficially owned by nationals of another member state , resident and domiciled in that other member state , ineligible to fly the flag of the first member state with the result that they cease to be eligible to fish against the catch quotas allocated to the first member state under the common fisheries policy unless ownership and management of the vessels are transferred to citizens of the first member state resident and domiciled therein in accordance with the provisions of the said measure ?

What the verdict of ‘ lack of care ’ presupposes is that some other persons had at least the opportunity of rendering care ( in the narrow sense of that word ) which would have prevented the death .
what the verdict of ‘ lack of care ’ presupposes is that some other persons had at least the opportunity of [making/giving] care ( in the narrow sense of that word ) which would have prevented the death .

If this is not possible batteries should not be pulled out as hooked terminal segments may catch the springs and pull them out ( ruining the contact and rendering a none-too-cheap dealer repair necessary ) .
if this is not possible batteries should not be pulled out as hooked terminal segments may catch the springs and pull them out ( ruining the contact and [making/giving] a none-too-cheap dealer repair necessary ) .

The marketer will try to encourage brand loyalty as a means of rendering the purchase process more comfortable and more satisfying .
the marketer will try to encourage brand loyalty as a means of [making/giving] the purchase process more comfortable and more satisfying .

By gradually rendering themselves invisible , The Shamen turn the spotlight on the evidence , thus temporarily abolishing the perennial barrier that separates the performer from the punter .
by gradually [making/giving] themselves invisible , the shamen turn the spotlight on the evidence , thus temporarily abolishing the perennial barrier that separates the performer from the punter .

By the second decade of the new century instrumental music in general had developed special properties rendering obsolescent the concept of composition ‘ da cantare et sonare per ogni instrumento ’ or ‘ apt both for viols and voices ’ , while at the same time concerted secular music for voices was beginning to be overtaken in popularity by the vocal solo or duet .
by the second decade of the new century instrumental music in general had developed special properties [making/giving] obsolescent the concept of composition ‘ da cantare et sonare per ogni instrumento ’ or ‘ apt both for viols and voices ’ , while at the same time concerted secular music for voices was beginning to be overtaken in popularity by the vocal solo or duet .

Explaining one of the sections of their manifesto in the preface to the exhibition at Bernheim 's , the Futurists , now aware of Cubist painting , talked for the first time of ‘ battles of planes ’ ; and Boccioni summarizes most concisely the debt of Futurism to Cubism when in Pittura Scultura Futuriste , published in 1914 , he wrote under the heading ‘ Compenetrazione dei Piani ’ : ‘ It is the pictorial method of rendering movement in a painting , making the surrounding objects fuse with the structure of the object placed in their midst ’ .
explaining one of the sections of their manifesto in the preface to the exhibition at bernheim 's , the futurists , now aware of cubist painting , talked for the first time of ‘ battles of planes ’ ; and boccioni summarizes most concisely the debt of futurism to cubism when in pittura scultura futuriste , published in 1914 , he wrote under the heading ‘ compenetrazione dei piani ’ : ‘ it is the pictorial method of [making/giving] movement in a painting , making the surrounding objects fuse with the structure of the object placed in their midst ’ .

By rendering the areas between the objects in a tactile , material fashion , Braque succeeds in fusing objects and space into a spatial continuum composed of small , fluid , interpenetrating planes .
by [making/giving] the areas between the objects in a tactile , material fashion , braque succeeds in fusing objects and space into a spatial continuum composed of small , fluid , interpenetrating planes .

It is this concrete rendering of the space around the highly fragmented objects that gives these paintings a sensation of almost unprecedented complexity .
it is this concrete [making/giving] of the space around the highly fragmented objects that gives these paintings a sensation of almost unprecedented complexity .

First , the line between what is regarded as an office and what is construed as a pure master-servant relationship can be very fine , thereby rendering the applicability of natural justice difficult to predict and producing divisions which are capricious .
first , the line between what is regarded as an office and what is construed as a pure master-servant relationship can be very fine , thereby [making/giving] the applicability of natural justice difficult to predict and producing divisions which are capricious .

Many of these were stock pictures rather than specially commissioned ones ; Chinese artists were skilled at rendering plants , birds and animals , and could work in conventions attractive to European merchants .
many of these were stock pictures rather than specially commissioned ones ; chinese artists were skilled at [making/giving] plants , birds and animals , and could work in conventions attractive to european merchants .

Boswell 's rendering of the Loch Ness day skips ahead to lunch in a pub then their overnight stay with the deputy Governor of Fort Augustus .
boswell 's [making/giving] of the loch ness day skips ahead to lunch in a pub then their overnight stay with the deputy governor of fort augustus .

Small incidents may be over-reacted to in the strong anticipation of trouble , rendering it more likely that confrontation will actually occur .
small incidents may be over-reacted to in the strong anticipation of trouble , [making/giving] it more likely that confrontation will actually occur .

Frustration will inevitably arise on any march or at any static assembly where participants believe that the police are imposing unnecessary or unreasonable conditions , rendering the protest ineffectual .
frustration will inevitably arise on any march or at any static assembly where participants believe that the police are imposing unnecessary or unreasonable conditions , [making/giving] the protest ineffectual .

But in its final committee stages the clauses giving the police greater powers to search and arrest brothel-keepers were revised , rendering them almost useless .
but in its final committee stages the clauses giving the police greater powers to search and arrest brothel-keepers were revised , [making/giving] them almost useless .

In 1915 Taylor published the Mombasa version of a much-loved poem al-Inkíshafi ; the poetic rendering which accompanied the recension was the first printed English translation of a major Swahili poem .
in 1915 taylor published the mombasa version of a much-loved poem al-inkíshafi ; the poetic [making/giving] which accompanied the recension was the first printed english translation of a major swahili poem .

The sombre , restrained tonality of Methuen 's paintings , the rough , broken touch , and the emphasis on contour in the rendering of architecture obviously come from Sickert , but the artistic personality that he developed was quite distinctive .
the sombre , restrained tonality of methuen 's paintings , the rough , broken touch , and the emphasis on contour in the [making/giving] of architecture obviously come from sickert , but the artistic personality that he developed was quite distinctive .

His ‘ damp fold ’ technique for rendering draperies derives from Byzantine art , while the curvilinear patterns of his folds show an unprecedented degree of stylization .
his ‘ damp fold ’ technique for [making/giving] draperies derives from byzantine art , while the curvilinear patterns of his folds show an unprecedented degree of stylization .

His style stemmed from that of Jan van Scorel , using a strong three-dimensional rendering of the features , modified by late Holbein with its concern for a dazzling and exact record of magnificent dress and jewels .
his style stemmed from that of jan van scorel , using a strong three-dimensional [making/giving] of the features , modified by late holbein with its concern for a dazzling and exact record of magnificent dress and jewels .

Under section 230 certain derogations from the provisions of Schedule 4 apply to the individual accounts of a parent which is required to prepare consolidated accounts ( and has done so ) thereby rendering those provisions otiose .
under section 230 certain derogations from the provisions of schedule 4 apply to the individual accounts of a parent which is required to prepare consolidated accounts ( and has done so ) thereby [making/giving] those provisions otiose .

Lawyers have traditionally been generous with their time and talents , more so than any other profession except , perhaps , medicine , and they are accustomed to rendering assistance to those who are genuinely unable to afford professional fees .
lawyers have traditionally been generous with their time and talents , more so than any other profession except , perhaps , medicine , and they are accustomed to [making/giving] assistance to those who are genuinely unable to afford professional fees .

The rendering of the ‘ facticity ’ of the social by that of the aesthetic is a crucial , first realist and then naturalist , moment of this modernization process , after which aesthetic modernism moves into full self-referentiality .
the [making/giving] of the ‘ facticity ’ of the social by that of the aesthetic is a crucial , first realist and then naturalist , moment of this modernization process , after which aesthetic modernism moves into full self-referentiality .

To be fair to everyone planning must be based on publicly agreed planning policies , rather than on rendering personal favours .
to be fair to everyone planning must be based on publicly agreed planning policies , rather than on [making/giving] personal favours .

The stylised nature of the former has already been commented upon : the heavy guilloche frame , the lifeless ( and sometimes inept ) drawing of the circular bands of wave-crest and saw-tooth pattern , and the crude rendering of the lotus devices in the central square .
the stylised nature of the former has already been commented upon : the heavy guilloche frame , the lifeless ( and sometimes inept ) drawing of the circular bands of wave-crest and saw-tooth pattern , and the crude [making/giving] of the lotus devices in the central square .

The government must subsidise the rendering industry in order to avert the serious environmental threat posed by thousands of animals being abandoned or buried in the countryside , according to an investigating commission .
the government must subsidise the [making/giving] industry in order to avert the serious environmental threat posed by thousands of animals being abandoned or buried in the countryside , according to an investigating commission .

According to whaling foreman Jakob Mohr , however , the pilot whales are now becoming contaminated with polychlorinatedbiphenyls ( PCBs ) and mercury , rendering them inedible .
according to whaling foreman jakob mohr , however , the pilot whales are now becoming contaminated with polychlorinatedbiphenyls ( pcbs ) and mercury , [making/giving] them inedible .

As to the last rendering , one of the possible meanings of is `` take flight `` , `` scatter in all directions `` , with reference to the rout of an army.3 Here is a figure less immediately accessible than the apparent metaphor of `` dissolving `` , `` melting `` , yet no less consistent with the poet 's intentions .
as to the last [making/giving] , one of the possible meanings of is `` take flight `` , `` scatter in all directions `` , with reference to the rout of an army.3 here is a figure less immediately accessible than the apparent metaphor of `` dissolving `` , `` melting `` , yet no less consistent with the poet 's intentions .

Here is Dr Johnson 's 1784 rendering of the first strophe of `` Diffugere nives `` ( incidentally his only translation from Horace — he evidently found Juvenal more to his creative purpose ) : And here , 110 years later , is William Ewart Gladstone , at leisure from Prime Ministerial cares and the alternative recreation of tree-felling on his Hawarden estate : But here again , almost a century on , is an American poet and scholar , Burton Raffel : What has happened to Horace 's text in the course of these centennial transformations ?
here is dr johnson 's 1784 [making/giving] of the first strophe of `` diffugere nives `` ( incidentally his only translation from horace — he evidently found juvenal more to his creative purpose ) : and here , 110 years later , is william ewart gladstone , at leisure from prime ministerial cares and the alternative recreation of tree-felling on his hawarden estate : but here again , almost a century on , is an american poet and scholar , burton raffel : what has happened to horace 's text in the course of these centennial transformations ?

But anyone who takes the poem head-on , as though entering upon a piece of hitherto unfamiliar English verse , is bound to be struck by its crazy-paving of little-used or dialect words ( `` shaws `` ) , of samples from the literary lexicon ( `` meads `` , `` unapparelled `` ) , of old-tyme poetryspeak ( `` thou wast not born for aye `` ) , of dubiously archaic constructions ( `` friend thee more `` `` steads him nothing `` ) , of blended or cross-bred idioms ( `` pure of stain `` ) , of literary reminiscences ( `` dust and dreams `` — a most adroit rendering of , but one that inevitably recalls Shakespeare and `` we are such stuff as dreams are made on `` ) .
but anyone who takes the poem head-on , as though entering upon a piece of hitherto unfamiliar english verse , is bound to be struck by its crazy-paving of little-used or dialect words ( `` shaws `` ) , of samples from the literary lexicon ( `` meads `` , `` unapparelled `` ) , of old-tyme poetryspeak ( `` thou wast not born for aye `` ) , of dubiously archaic constructions ( `` friend thee more `` `` steads him nothing `` ) , of blended or cross-bred idioms ( `` pure of stain `` ) , of literary reminiscences ( `` dust and dreams `` — a most adroit [making/giving] of , but one that inevitably recalls shakespeare and `` we are such stuff as dreams are made on `` ) .

But oh `` may be a somewhat pallid rendering of ( ) , yet still it signals the crucial turn in the poem 's argument .
but oh `` may be a somewhat pallid [making/giving] of ( ) , yet still it signals the crucial turn in the poem 's argument .

The second buyers compounded the goods into food for birds and the third buyers bought the compound and fed it to poultry which died because , unknown to anyone at the time of supply , the compound included minute traces of poison rendering it unfit for poultry .
the second buyers compounded the goods into food for birds and the third buyers bought the compound and fed it to poultry which died because , unknown to anyone at the time of supply , the compound included minute traces of poison [making/giving] it unfit for poultry .

( 2 ) In the case of a contract for sale by sample there is an implied condition ( a ) that the bulk will correspond with the sample in quality ; ( b ) that the buyer will have a reasonable opportunity of comparing the bulk with the sample ; ( c ) that the goods will be free from any defect , rendering them unmerchantable , which would not be apparent on reasonable examination of the sample .
( 2 ) in the case of a contract for sale by sample there is an implied condition ( a ) that the bulk will correspond with the sample in quality ; ( b ) that the buyer will have a reasonable opportunity of comparing the bulk with the sample ; ( c ) that the goods will be free from any defect , [making/giving] them unmerchantable , which would not be apparent on reasonable examination of the sample .

For example , where an execution only customer ( whose relationship with a broker/dealer was that of principal in respect of decisions as to which securities to purchase and at what price ) starts to take and rely on the broker/dealer 's advice as to what to buy , a fiduciary element may be introduced into the relationship rendering the clause defining the relationship as that between two principals ineffective .
for example , where an execution only customer ( whose relationship with a broker/dealer was that of principal in respect of decisions as to which securities to purchase and at what price ) starts to take and rely on the broker/dealer 's advice as to what to buy , a fiduciary element may be introduced into the relationship [making/giving] the clause defining the relationship as that between two principals ineffective .

But dawn had already reached inside the grey stone walls , touching them with fingers of amethyst , softening the austerity of Castell Rocamar and rendering the place almsot pretty .
but dawn had already reached inside the grey stone walls , touching them with fingers of amethyst , softening the austerity of castell rocamar and [making/giving] the place almsot pretty .

brown paint had been splurged all over one player , rendering his kit a mucky pink .
brown paint had been splurged all over one player , [making/giving] his kit a mucky pink .

On this view the non-specialist sole practitioner was a species of legal animal which market forces were in the process of rendering extinct .
on this view the non-specialist sole practitioner was a species of legal animal which market forces were in the process of [making/giving] extinct .

You might say it as a boast — perhaps in the hope of rendering me envious or jealous .
you might say it as a boast — perhaps in the hope of [making/giving] me envious or jealous .

It haunts the pages of Adam Carse 's The orchestra from Beethoven to Berlioz ( 1948 ) , which conjectured that up to 1810 at the Opera the chef would ‘ hammer out the beat for the choruses and dances audibly on the floor , a table , or a music desk ’ Later in the same book Carse modified his stance , but concluded ( wrongly , as we shall see ) that it was the first violin who determined the ‘ interpretation [ and ] artistic side of the rendering ’ .
it haunts the pages of adam carse 's the orchestra from beethoven to berlioz ( 1948 ) , which conjectured that up to 1810 at the opera the chef would ‘ hammer out the beat for the choruses and dances audibly on the floor , a table , or a music desk ’ later in the same book carse modified his stance , but concluded ( wrongly , as we shall see ) that it was the first violin who determined the ‘ interpretation [ and ] artistic side of the [making/giving] ’ .

any record material on the systems had been saved by staff printing them out into paper copy thus rendering the computer held versions only reference copies in a convenient medium . The Plaintiffs argued
any record material on the systems had been saved by staff printing them out into paper copy thus [making/giving] the computer held versions only reference copies in a convenient medium . the plaintiffs argued

In particular , without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , all goods capable of use as , or in any way likely to be used in the preparing or packing of , food , toiletries , perfume , cosmetics , pharmaceutical products or any other goods for human consumption or for use upon the human body shall contain nothing rendering them unsuitable for their purpose and shall comply with all relevant requirements relating to their sale and composition and to the use of preservative or colouring matter therein .
in particular , without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , all goods capable of use as , or in any way likely to be used in the preparing or packing of , food , toiletries , perfume , cosmetics , pharmaceutical products or any other goods for human consumption or for use upon the human body shall contain nothing [making/giving] them unsuitable for their purpose and shall comply with all relevant requirements relating to their sale and composition and to the use of preservative or colouring matter therein .

Among particularly serious instances of pollution picked out in the report were the following : , Heavy use of pesticides polluting rivers across the crop growing areas of the Russian republic ; , Untreated industrial effluent from the Volga slowly killing off the marine life of the Caspian Sea ; , High levels of dioxin in mothers ' milk in Moscow ; , The continuing consequences of the Chernobyl nuclear accident , rendering much of the countryside of the Ukraine and Belorussia uncultivatable ; , Waste from aluminium factories in Uzbekistan , poisoning the land for miles around .
among particularly serious instances of pollution picked out in the report were the following : , heavy use of pesticides polluting rivers across the crop growing areas of the russian republic ; , untreated industrial effluent from the volga slowly killing off the marine life of the caspian sea ; , high levels of dioxin in mothers ' milk in moscow ; , the continuing consequences of the chernobyl nuclear accident , [making/giving] much of the countryside of the ukraine and belorussia uncultivatable ; , waste from aluminium factories in uzbekistan , poisoning the land for miles around .

The United States Constitution is considered by Americans to embody the principles of a higher law , to constitute `` in fact imperfect man 's most perfect rendering of what Blackstone saluted as `` the eternal immutable laws of good and evil , to which the creator himself in all his dispensations conforms : and which he has enabled human reason to discover , so far as they are necessary for the conduct of human actions . ``
the united states constitution is considered by americans to embody the principles of a higher law , to constitute `` in fact imperfect man 's most perfect [making/giving] of what blackstone saluted as `` the eternal immutable laws of good and evil , to which the creator himself in all his dispensations conforms : and which he has enabled human reason to discover , so far as they are necessary for the conduct of human actions . ``

On the other hand we can decide that this is not properly an intervention at all , but the paraphrased rendering of an insight about language whose formulation belongs not to de Man but to Proust .
on the other hand we can decide that this is not properly an intervention at all , but the paraphrased [making/giving] of an insight about language whose formulation belongs not to de man but to proust .

Of hymns , too , she made her own use . She was not alone in this , for most of the girls at her school managed to infuse a certain erotic passion into their rendering of various appeals to the Creator , and there was one girl , who fancied herself in love with a naval cadet , who could actually produce real tears during the singing of :
of hymns , too , she made her own use . she was not alone in this , for most of the girls at her school managed to infuse a certain erotic passion into their [making/giving] of various appeals to the creator , and there was one girl , who fancied herself in love with a naval cadet , who could actually produce real tears during the singing of :

Taylor 's first captain , in fact , was Alan Ealham , rendering the presence of Junior in the present side a somewhat needless reminder of the onrushing years .
taylor 's first captain , in fact , was alan ealham , [making/giving] the presence of junior in the present side a somewhat needless reminder of the onrushing years .

Similar considerations present themselves as regards ‘ rendering to each his due ’ .
similar considerations present themselves as regards ‘ [making/giving] to each his due ’ .

Many of Constable 's paintings feature Willy Lott 's house and this sale of British paintings 1500–1850 includes his first rendering of this favourite subject .
many of constable 's paintings feature willy lott 's house and this sale of british paintings 1500–1850 includes his first [making/giving] of this favourite subject .

Increased processing power and memory capacity have greatly reduced the manual ’ word-crunching ’ that was previously involved in corpus analysis , rendering this a viable technique for the compilation of collocation dictionaries .
increased processing power and memory capacity have greatly reduced the manual ’ word-crunching ’ that was previously involved in corpus analysis , [making/giving] this a viable technique for the compilation of collocation dictionaries .

But in favour of the latter is the awkwardness of the absence of a preposition before rendering , `` they will grow wings `` , and the Targum 's `` and they will be renewed in their youth like the sprouting ( of plumage ) that rises up upon the wings of eagles `` .
but in favour of the latter is the awkwardness of the absence of a preposition before [making/giving] , `` they will grow wings `` , and the targum 's `` and they will be renewed in their youth like the sprouting ( of plumage ) that rises up upon the wings of eagles `` .

They finished a rendering of a Burns song and then the flautist put down his flute and began to sing in a fine baritone voice .
they finished a [making/giving] of a burns song and then the flautist put down his flute and began to sing in a fine baritone voice .

It also places a new and salutary responsibility on the churches , rendering increasingly untenable the kind of patronising censorship hitherto practised by churchmen with their congregations .
it also places a new and salutary responsibility on the churches , [making/giving] increasingly untenable the kind of patronising censorship hitherto practised by churchmen with their congregations .

‘ Becoming somebody ’ on the terraces is a highly structured affair , and an understanding of this structure is the first step in rendering the apparently anomic behaviour at football matches intelligible .
‘ becoming somebody ’ on the terraces is a highly structured affair , and an understanding of this structure is the first step in [making/giving] the apparently anomic behaviour at football matches intelligible .

The task is not one of excusing behaviour or of attributing condemnation to it — only one of rendering it explicable in terms of a revealed social order .
the task is not one of excusing behaviour or of attributing condemnation to it — only one of [making/giving] it explicable in terms of a revealed social order .

As with all Junkers worktops , SylvaRed is supplied pre-oiled from the factory and is given finishing coats in situ , rendering it water-resistant , and requiring little maintenance .
as with all junkers worktops , sylvared is supplied pre-oiled from the factory and is given finishing coats in situ , [making/giving] it water-resistant , and requiring little maintenance .

The dpc could also be bridged by garden soil banked up against the wall ; rendering taken down over the dpc would also allow moisture to creep past , However , in these cases , the affected area is usually isolated .
the dpc could also be bridged by garden soil banked up against the wall ; [making/giving] taken down over the dpc would also allow moisture to creep past , however , in these cases , the affected area is usually isolated .

In certain combinations , concrete , cold and water form a fatal triangle rendering thousands of dwellings unfit for human habitation according to postwar regulations .
in certain combinations , concrete , cold and water form a fatal triangle [making/giving] thousands of dwellings unfit for human habitation according to postwar regulations .

Oral permeability tests are more likely to reflect small intestinal permeability , and oral sugar markers may be degraded by colonic bacteria before they cross the mucosa rendering them less suitable for assessing colonic permeability .
oral permeability tests are more likely to reflect small intestinal permeability , and oral sugar markers may be degraded by colonic bacteria before they cross the mucosa [making/giving] them less suitable for assessing colonic permeability .

The designation ‘ software management ’ refers to those activities and procedures concerned with orderly file and data handling , provision for the maintenance of standards and , not least , a means of rendering the production process visible .
the designation ‘ software management ’ refers to those activities and procedures concerned with orderly file and data handling , provision for the maintenance of standards and , not least , a means of [making/giving] the production process visible .

By gradually rendering themselves invisible , The Shamen turn the spotlight on the evidence , thus temporarily abolishing the perennial barrier that separates the performer from the punter .
by gradually [making/giving] themselves invisible , the shamen turn the spotlight on the evidence , thus temporarily abolishing the perennial barrier that separates the performer from the punter .

As he prepared for murder , he was doing so to the incongruous background of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir 's rendering of The Battle Hymn of the Republic .
as he prepared for murder , he was doing so to the incongruous background of the mormon tabernacle choir 's [making/giving] of the battle hymn of the republic .

Recent years have witnessed an unprecedented welter of managerial initiatives designed to put labour onto a more competitive footing by rendering it more flexible , productive , and oriented to quality .
recent years have witnessed an unprecedented welter of managerial initiatives designed to put labour onto a more competitive footing by [making/giving] it more flexible , productive , and oriented to quality .

She stood up with total aplomb , and carried off first prize for her rendering of a `` Purple Pussycat `` .
she stood up with total aplomb , and carried off first prize for her [making/giving] of a `` purple pussycat `` .

‘ They may seem Mordor-made ’ , he explained in the letters column , ‘ because of rendering unto Caesar what is Caesar 's — uncovering society 's hypocritical filth and throwing it back in its teeth .
‘ they may seem mordor-made ’ , he explained in the letters column , ‘ because of [making/giving] unto caesar what is caesar 's — uncovering society 's hypocritical filth and throwing it back in its teeth .

In some ways , these shapes serve to show how versatile the TrueType system in Windows 3.1 really is , since font rendering is perfect even when the text is bent out of all proportion — so if you 're still running Windows 3.0 , upgrade now ! You can also paste picture files onto your banner .
in some ways , these shapes serve to show how versatile the truetype system in windows 3.1 really is , since font [making/giving] is perfect even when the text is bent out of all proportion — so if you 're still running windows 3.0 , upgrade now ! you can also paste picture files onto your banner .

Lissa stared at him , outrage framing her mouth , rendering her momentarily speechless .
lissa stared at him , outrage framing her mouth , [making/giving] her momentarily speechless .

Beyond this , she stresses , that the key to rendering with sensitivity happens on a daily basis of observation of the subject .
beyond this , she stresses , that the key to [making/giving] with sensitivity happens on a daily basis of observation of the subject .

Self-interest gleamed in Dersingham 's eye , rendering him almost articulate . ‘ What about the House ? Serve food , clean up , valeting , answer the door a bit ? ’
self-interest gleamed in dersingham 's eye , [making/giving] him almost articulate . ‘ what about the house ? serve food , clean up , valeting , answer the door a bit ? ’

Denial of oil exports to Iran was conceived both as a means of rendering that country harder to govern , thus denting the morale of its leadership , and as retaliation for the severance of Iraq 's own crude export systems by Iran .
denial of oil exports to iran was conceived both as a means of [making/giving] that country harder to govern , thus denting the morale of its leadership , and as retaliation for the severance of iraq 's own crude export systems by iran .

‘ Becoming somebody ’ is a highly structured affair , and an understanding of this structure is the first step in rendering the apparently anomic behaviour at football matches intelligible .
‘ becoming somebody ’ is a highly structured affair , and an understanding of this structure is the first step in [making/giving] the apparently anomic behaviour at football matches intelligible .

This salinates the surrounding land , reducing its fertility and rendering it completely unfit for rice cultivation in a couple of years .
this salinates the surrounding land , reducing its fertility and [making/giving] it completely unfit for rice cultivation in a couple of years .

The sonnet registers forcibly its linguistic uncertainty , rendering its own meaning unstable , and interestingly also de-centring the external conventions which attempt to contain it .
the sonnet registers forcibly its linguistic uncertainty , [making/giving] its own meaning unstable , and interestingly also de-centring the external conventions which attempt to contain it .

To sum up : a contract is void if , at the time the contract is made and unknown to the parties , goods have perished or do not exist , thereby rendering it impossible for the contract to be performed ; this , however , is subject to the qualification that the contract will not be void if the parties expressly or impliedly agreed otherwise .
to sum up : a contract is void if , at the time the contract is made and unknown to the parties , goods have perished or do not exist , thereby [making/giving] it impossible for the contract to be performed ; this , however , is subject to the qualification that the contract will not be void if the parties expressly or impliedly agreed otherwise .

First , the buyer can not complain of defects which had been specifically drawn to his attention , although naturally the condition will still apply in relation to other defects rendering the goods of unmerchantable quality .
first , the buyer can not complain of defects which had been specifically drawn to his attention , although naturally the condition will still apply in relation to other defects [making/giving] the goods of unmerchantable quality .

( c ) that the goods will be free from any defect , rendering them unmerchantable , which would not be apparent on reasonable examination of the sample . ’
( c ) that the goods will be free from any defect , [making/giving] them unmerchantable , which would not be apparent on reasonable examination of the sample . ’

Originally , rendering was on the inside , but this can flake off and block the drain , so rendering ( if used ) is now put on the outside .
originally , [making/giving] was on the inside , but this can flake off and block the drain , so [making/giving] ( if used ) is now put on the outside .

She was lifted against his bare chest as if she weighed no more than a feather , the shock of his warm skin and the slight roughness of short , curling hair against her palms rendering her abruptly speechless .
she was lifted against his bare chest as if she weighed no more than a feather , the shock of his warm skin and the slight roughness of short , curling hair against her palms [making/giving] her abruptly speechless .

There exists , then , a place for Britain within a loose European commonwealth , with a free currency and a floating exchange rate , and with a liberal approach to the market rendering her ( in the words of Jacques Delors ) ‘ a paradise for investment ’ .
there exists , then , a place for britain within a loose european commonwealth , with a free currency and a floating exchange rate , and with a liberal approach to the market [making/giving] her ( in the words of jacques delors ) ‘ a paradise for investment ’ .

His analysis of Yeats 's ‘ Leda and the Swan ’ ( Spitzer 1962 : 3–13 ) is a clear instance of this kind of approach , and therefore falls under my heading of the stylistics of representation : Starting from ‘ the most immediately striking , the most individual , the least ‘ cataloguable ’ feature of the poem , Spitzer focuses his attention on the ‘ rendering of the time-place sequence ’ .
his analysis of yeats 's ‘ leda and the swan ’ ( spitzer 1962 : 3–13 ) is a clear instance of this kind of approach , and therefore falls under my heading of the stylistics of representation : starting from ‘ the most immediately striking , the most individual , the least ‘ cataloguable ’ feature of the poem , spitzer focuses his attention on the ‘ [making/giving] of the time-place sequence ’ .

After you got used to the conventions of his speech , he became readily comprehensible : shah-al-arhee was the mali 's rendering of salary . )
after you got used to the conventions of his speech , he became readily comprehensible : shah-al-arhee was the mali 's [making/giving] of salary . )

Acceptance is defined to be the doing of that act ( which may be the giving of a promise or the rendering of a performance ) which is requested by the offeror in exchange for his promise ; it is the response to the offer .
acceptance is defined to be the doing of that act ( which may be the giving of a promise or the [making/giving] of a performance ) which is requested by the offeror in exchange for his promise ; it is the response to the offer .

Failure by an individual on the Register to comply with such rules shall constitute misconduct for the purposes of the Charter rendering such individual liable to disciplinary action pursuant to Bye–Laws 70 to 73 ( inclusive ) .
failure by an individual on the register to comply with such rules shall constitute misconduct for the purposes of the charter [making/giving] such individual liable to disciplinary action pursuant to bye–laws 70 to 73 ( inclusive ) .

Finding things out `` is not an inappropriate rendering of what research is about .
finding things out `` is not an inappropriate [making/giving] of what research is about .

So , although `` finding things out `` is not an inaccurate rendering of what research is directed toward , often this is finding out whether a particular conception of the discipline , in sociological terms a perspective or an approach , can be deployed in research inquiry rather than trying to find out whether a particular theory is true or false .
so , although `` finding things out `` is not an inaccurate [making/giving] of what research is directed toward , often this is finding out whether a particular conception of the discipline , in sociological terms a perspective or an approach , can be deployed in research inquiry rather than trying to find out whether a particular theory is true or false .

In which case , the absence of random assignment , to use Lieberson 's rendering of the problem , presents special difficulties if `` there is reason to believe that the subjects thereby placed in each condition differ in other ways that themselves have a bearing on the outcome of interest to the researcher `` .
in which case , the absence of random assignment , to use lieberson 's [making/giving] of the problem , presents special difficulties if `` there is reason to believe that the subjects thereby placed in each condition differ in other ways that themselves have a bearing on the outcome of interest to the researcher `` .

In a related development , Unionist leaders called for Brooke 's resignation after he had appeared on a television chat show in Dublin , Ireland , and given an impromptu rendering of a folksong , shortly after the Teebane bombing .
in a related development , unionist leaders called for brooke 's resignation after he had appeared on a television chat show in dublin , ireland , and given an impromptu [making/giving] of a folksong , shortly after the teebane bombing .

On Sept. 2 the Constitutional Council ( i.e. court ) ruled that the law promulgated on June 24 to allow ratification [ see p. 38942 ] was constitutional despite a case brought in mid-August by Pasqua and 69 other senators alleging unconstitutionality on various counts including that of the Danish referendum result rendering the whole process invalid .
on sept. 2 the constitutional council ( i.e. court ) ruled that the law promulgated on june 24 to allow ratification [ see p. 38942 ] was constitutional despite a case brought in mid-august by pasqua and 69 other senators alleging unconstitutionality on various counts including that of the danish referendum result [making/giving] the whole process invalid .

This stronger focus on consumer inputs like acceptability characterises British definitions in contrast to United States ones , which emphasise the clinical rendering of a fault-free service to individual patients ( see , for example , Brooke and Lohr 1988 ) .
this stronger focus on consumer inputs like acceptability characterises british definitions in contrast to united states ones , which emphasise the clinical [making/giving] of a fault-free service to individual patients ( see , for example , brooke and lohr 1988 ) .

( q ) To remunerate any person , firm or company rendering services to the Company either by cash payment or by the allotment to him or them of shares or other securities of the Company credited as paid up in full or otherwise as may be thought expedient .
( q ) to remunerate any person , firm or company [making/giving] services to the company either by cash payment or by the allotment to him or them of shares or other securities of the company credited as paid up in full or otherwise as may be thought expedient .

( q ) To remunerate any person , firm or company rendering services to the Company either by cash payment or by the allotment to him or them of shares or other securities of the Company credited as paid up in full or otherwise as may be thought expedient .
( q ) to remunerate any person , firm or company [making/giving] services to the company either by cash payment or by the allotment to him or them of shares or other securities of the company credited as paid up in full or otherwise as may be thought expedient .

Some tax can be saved by using a service company owned by the partnership which then charges a fee to the partnership for the rendering of non-legal services , for example administrative and computer services .
some tax can be saved by using a service company owned by the partnership which then charges a fee to the partnership for the [making/giving] of non-legal services , for example administrative and computer services .

There are also other provisions to prevent a party claiming he is entitled to render a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected from him , or rendering no performance at all , of the whole or part of the contract .
there are also other provisions to prevent a party claiming he is entitled to render a contractual performance substantially different from that which was reasonably expected from him , or [making/giving] no performance at all , of the whole or part of the contract .

The Devil chooses to model the appropriate part with a spade , and for good measure farts on the woman 's tongue , rendering woman innately garrulous ( another antifeminist commonplace ) .
the devil chooses to model the appropriate part with a spade , and for good measure farts on the woman 's tongue , [making/giving] woman innately garrulous ( another antifeminist commonplace ) .

There is , however , one further disruptive interpretation that can be made , rendering Chaucer 's Shipman 's Tale as fabliau taken to an ultimate , self-destructive point of fulfilment where the dichotomy between the witty trickster and the deluded target figure collapses .
there is , however , one further disruptive interpretation that can be made , [making/giving] chaucer 's shipman 's tale as fabliau taken to an ultimate , self-destructive point of fulfilment where the dichotomy between the witty trickster and the deluded target figure collapses .

Just as `` every clerk 's `` unanimity of opinion directs the laughter of `` `` every wight `` `` at the end of the Miller 's Tale ( 3847 – 9 ) , the text of the Reeve 's Tale brings its readers to view and laugh at the miller and his family through the clerks ' perceptions , their attitudes and their frame of reference : We may particularly note , for instance , how the incongruous `` `` par compaignye `` `` that Nicholas and Alison put in the mouth of the unfortunate John recurs in this urbane rendering of the family 's vulgar cacophany , and how the somewhat different `` `` melodye `` `` recalls the `` `` revel `` `` and the `` `` melodye `` `` that Alison and Nicholas enjoy .
just as `` every clerk 's `` unanimity of opinion directs the laughter of `` `` every wight `` `` at the end of the miller 's tale ( 3847 – 9 ) , the text of the reeve 's tale brings its readers to view and laugh at the miller and his family through the clerks ' perceptions , their attitudes and their frame of reference : we may particularly note , for instance , how the incongruous `` `` par compaignye `` `` that nicholas and alison put in the mouth of the unfortunate john recurs in this urbane [making/giving] of the family 's vulgar cacophany , and how the somewhat different `` `` melodye `` `` recalls the `` `` revel `` `` and the `` `` melodye `` `` that alison and nicholas enjoy .

When viscoelastic materials are being deformed in bending care must be taken that the deformations are small , sine if the material is not linearly viscoelastic the stress gradient across the vertical section may not be linear , rendering the Euler-Bernoulli theory invalid .
when viscoelastic materials are being deformed in bending care must be taken that the deformations are small , sine if the material is not linearly viscoelastic the stress gradient across the vertical section may not be linear , [making/giving] the euler-bernoulli theory invalid .

This raises the question of whether octreotide increases sphincter of Oddi pressure , rendering ductal cannulation more difficult .
this raises the question of whether octreotide increases sphincter of oddi pressure , [making/giving] ductal cannulation more difficult .

notes the stated intention of Government that small businessmen including those rendering services to Government should be paid promptly ;
notes the stated intention of government that small businessmen including those [making/giving] services to government should be paid promptly ;

In Brighton at nine-thirty on this Tuesday morning in October , the singing could only be described as ‘ tentative ’ , not at all like the rendering of ‘ Land of Hope and Glory ’ which invariably follows upon the Leader 's speech on the Friday afternoon .
in brighton at nine-thirty on this tuesday morning in october , the singing could only be described as ‘ tentative ’ , not at all like the [making/giving] of ‘ land of hope and glory ’ which invariably follows upon the leader 's speech on the friday afternoon .

Only Ferruccio Furlanetto 's consistently aggressive rendering of the cynical bachelor Don Alfonso becomes an irritant .
only ferruccio furlanetto 's consistently aggressive [making/giving] of the cynical bachelor don alfonso becomes an irritant .

He will have to argue , with all the ruthlessness he can muster , that evolution will betray the English part of the Labour party and will confine it to the periphery of British politics , rendering a future Labour government less likely .
he will have to argue , with all the ruthlessness he can muster , that evolution will betray the english part of the labour party and will confine it to the periphery of british politics , [making/giving] a future labour government less likely .

There will be no surer way of rendering the divisional championship worthless than introducing a tiny club super-league .
there will be no surer way of [making/giving] the divisional championship worthless than introducing a tiny club super-league .

Externally , walls can be of rendering , timber , brick , tile hung or stone — according to taste and planning regulations .
externally , walls can be of [making/giving] , timber , brick , tile hung or stone — according to taste and planning regulations .

They arise in respect of damage done by collision , and upon advances of money or the rendering of services , such as salvage , in times of emergency .
they arise in respect of damage done by collision , and upon advances of money or the [making/giving] of services , such as salvage , in times of emergency .

Theatre critics object to the musical because it is an ‘ idea drama ’ that lacks believable characters ; political columnists and professors praise its accurate rendering of historical events .
theatre critics object to the musical because it is an ‘ idea drama ’ that lacks believable characters ; political columnists and professors praise its accurate [making/giving] of historical events .

The scene , without the players , is the same today as you enter the low walled garden with its four pleasing square summer-houses at the corners and its grand sweeping steps leading up Swangrove is its exotic and inimitable rendering of the local Cotswold style .
the scene , without the players , is the same today as you enter the low walled garden with its four pleasing square summer-houses at the corners and its grand sweeping steps leading up swangrove is its exotic and inimitable [making/giving] of the local cotswold style .

By the end of the Regency period , England had produced and patented many different types of external rendering , which today is generally referred to as stucco .
by the end of the regency period , england had produced and patented many different types of external [making/giving] , which today is generally referred to as stucco .

An agreement on Kurdish autonomy would bring the Kurds back to their towns and villages , rendering a western military presence superfluous .
an agreement on kurdish autonomy would bring the kurds back to their towns and villages , [making/giving] a western military presence superfluous .

The second version was lost at sea in about 1788 , so Christie 's Cockfight must be a third rendering — repainted , once Zoffany was back in England after 1788/89 , for Warren Hastings , the East India Company administrator in Bengal — bearing out the later inscription ‘ Cock fight at Lucknow painted by Zoffany ( circa 1790 ) ’ on the bottom of the painting .
the second version was lost at sea in about 1788 , so christie 's cockfight must be a third [making/giving] — repainted , once zoffany was back in england after 1788/89 , for warren hastings , the east india company administrator in bengal — bearing out the later inscription ‘ cock fight at lucknow painted by zoffany ( circa 1790 ) ’ on the bottom of the painting .

total and irrecoverable loss of all sight in one or both eyes rendering the Insured person absolutely blind in the eye or eyes beyond remedy by surgical or other treatment
total and irrecoverable loss of all sight in one or both eyes [making/giving] the insured person absolutely blind in the eye or eyes beyond remedy by surgical or other treatment

If you 're going to tackle plastering or rendering work , you need another group of specialist hand tools .
if you 're going to tackle plastering or [making/giving] work , you need another group of specialist hand tools .

Cracked rendering
cracked [making/giving]

How do you fill cracks in rendering ?
how do you fill cracks in [making/giving] ?

Cracks in rendering should be raked out , cut back to sound material if necessary and then filled with new mortar .
cracks in [making/giving] should be raked out , cut back to sound material if necessary and then filled with new mortar .

This circumstance could include the bridging of an original dpc by ‘ remedial ’ rendering applied over insufficiently weather-tight brickwork .
this circumstance could include the bridging of an original dpc by ‘ remedial ’ [making/giving] applied over insufficiently weather-tight brickwork .

The speech was greeted with the customary jubilant and lengthy ovation — and a rendering of ‘ Happy Birthday ’ to celebrate Mrs Thatcher 's sixth-fourth birthday .
the speech was greeted with the customary jubilant and lengthy ovation — and a [making/giving] of ‘ happy birthday ’ to celebrate mrs thatcher 's sixth-fourth birthday .

The means by which this is done is through the ‘ schemes of experience ’ , such as typifications , recipes , and other idealizations which members build up over time and into which are allotted new experiences and encounters , rendering the unknown into the known , the unfamiliar into the familiar .
the means by which this is done is through the ‘ schemes of experience ’ , such as typifications , recipes , and other idealizations which members build up over time and into which are allotted new experiences and encounters , [making/giving] the unknown into the known , the unfamiliar into the familiar .

The parish structure and school became the heart of the Northern catholic — nationalist community , rendering culture , politics , and religious identity as interchangeable for members of the in-group .
the parish structure and school became the heart of the northern catholic — nationalist community , [making/giving] culture , politics , and religious identity as interchangeable for members of the in-group .

It is pointed out that fluorescent lighting in clinical areas should be of a recommended type having colour rendering properties with which the decorative finishes in such areas must also be compatible .
it is pointed out that fluorescent lighting in clinical areas should be of a recommended type having colour [making/giving] properties with which the decorative finishes in such areas must also be compatible .

Hormones modify the cells which may become cancerous , rendering them less , or more , likely to do so , but the hormones do not act primarily on the processes which turn any quiescent cell into one that divides without control .
hormones modify the cells which may become cancerous , [making/giving] them less , or more , likely to do so , but the hormones do not act primarily on the processes which turn any quiescent cell into one that divides without control .

But he offers a brilliant rendering of Do n't Put Your Daughter On The Stage , Mrs Worthington rising to heights of boiling , brick-red rage on ‘ She 's a vile girl and uglier than mortal sin .
but he offers a brilliant [making/giving] of do n't put your daughter on the stage , mrs worthington rising to heights of boiling , brick-red rage on ‘ she 's a vile girl and uglier than mortal sin .

Unusually buoyant rendering of Chekhov by Sam Mendes .
unusually buoyant [making/giving] of chekhov by sam mendes .

On leaving the castle , the dapper-suited President Havel , more at home in sweater and jeans , stood with everyone else for a rendering of the national anthem .
on leaving the castle , the dapper-suited president havel , more at home in sweater and jeans , stood with everyone else for a [making/giving] of the national anthem .

To combat the opposite extreme of jerry-building , we would make membership of the Housebuilders ' Registration Council 's register compulsory upon all contractors for local authority houses , with a view to rendering the building industry eventually an industry subject throughout to publicly-approved standards .
to combat the opposite extreme of jerry-building , we would make membership of the housebuilders ' registration council 's register compulsory upon all contractors for local authority houses , with a view to [making/giving] the building industry eventually an industry subject throughout to publicly-approved standards .

Livestock was slaughtered in the worst-hit areas on the Volga , thus rendering any movement and the basis for any future recovery even more precarious .
livestock was slaughtered in the worst-hit areas on the volga , thus [making/giving] any movement and the basis for any future recovery even more precarious .

Edouard Jaguer , when comparing the two , rather acidly remarks that ‘ despite all the irritating virtuosity ’ of Picasso 's rendering of Delacroix or Manet or Velázquez , in the end they are one-dimensional .
edouard jaguer , when comparing the two , rather acidly remarks that ‘ despite all the irritating virtuosity ’ of picasso 's [making/giving] of delacroix or manet or velázquez , in the end they are one-dimensional .

Codifiers produced ever more elaborate schemes for the depiction of spatial arrangements , often thereby rendering their work incomprehensible to the practising artist .
codifiers produced ever more elaborate schemes for the depiction of spatial arrangements , often thereby [making/giving] their work incomprehensible to the practising artist .

The writ was served at the London address on the basis that it constituted a place of business established by Capricorn as an overseas company in Great Britain , rendering such service valid under section 695 of the Companies Act 1985 , Capricorn had not registered the name and address of a person authorised to accept service .
the writ was served at the london address on the basis that it constituted a place of business established by capricorn as an overseas company in great britain , [making/giving] such service valid under section 695 of the companies act 1985 , capricorn had not registered the name and address of a person authorised to accept service .

Are you also saying that soap operas , in particular — it may be other programmes as well — are picking up on and creating a space for discussing topics that really are preoccupying people , and rendering conscious a lot of issues that are ‘ out there ’ already ?
are you also saying that soap operas , in particular — it may be other programmes as well — are picking up on and creating a space for discussing topics that really are preoccupying people , and [making/giving] conscious a lot of issues that are ‘ out there ’ already ?

He made his way through groups of performers listening to Walter Crisham who was on stage rendering his famous song ‘ The Lullaby of Broadway ’ .
he made his way through groups of performers listening to walter crisham who was on stage [making/giving] his famous song ‘ the lullaby of broadway ’ .

Anxiety to hear and record last words was still strong at a time when anaesthetics were beginning to come into use , making it possible to reduce suffering , though often at the cost of rendering the dying person comatose and inarticulate .
anxiety to hear and record last words was still strong at a time when anaesthetics were beginning to come into use , making it possible to reduce suffering , though often at the cost of [making/giving] the dying person comatose and inarticulate .

In reformist circles there was also a revulsion against the eighteenth century tendency to fill the churches with grandiose memorials rendering fulsome tribute to the earthly triumphs and complacent virtues of local dignitaries .
in reformist circles there was also a revulsion against the eighteenth century tendency to fill the churches with grandiose memorials [making/giving] fulsome tribute to the earthly triumphs and complacent virtues of local dignitaries .

The blood discharged by a woman during birthing is also seen as rendering her unclean .
the blood discharged by a woman during birthing is also seen as [making/giving] her unclean .

In York in the 1930s , Seebohm Rowntree found many older women would be earning a few pence , or gifts in kind ‘ for rendering small services .
in york in the 1930s , seebohm rowntree found many older women would be earning a few pence , or gifts in kind ‘ for [making/giving] small services .

Many later novelists have benefited from this store , and from other forms of modernist facility in rendering individual consciousness .
many later novelists have benefited from this store , and from other forms of modernist facility in [making/giving] individual consciousness .

Drawing once again on the detective genre , Pynchon complicates the linear hunt for information , partly by rendering every detail as ambiguous as possible and partly by having Oedipa literally go round in a huge circle when she is pursuing an ‘ underground ’ mail courier .
drawing once again on the detective genre , pynchon complicates the linear hunt for information , partly by [making/giving] every detail as ambiguous as possible and partly by having oedipa literally go round in a huge circle when she is pursuing an ‘ underground ’ mail courier .

In November 1988 the new Likud-dominated government resumed the process of settling the territories with Jews , rendering the implementation of Resolution 242 more remote than ever .
in november 1988 the new likud-dominated government resumed the process of settling the territories with jews , [making/giving] the implementation of resolution 242 more remote than ever .

One has the impression that the politicians have half-heartedly picked it up so as not to be left behind in the citizenship fashion-parade , or maybe because they have been prodded into rendering some kind of lip-service by their convinced academics .
one has the impression that the politicians have half-heartedly picked it up so as not to be left behind in the citizenship fashion-parade , or maybe because they have been prodded into [making/giving] some kind of lip-service by their convinced academics .

Bonington , by contrast , worked almost entirely within existing visual traditions , perfecting rather than expanding long-established conventions of rendering landscape .
bonington , by contrast , worked almost entirely within existing visual traditions , perfecting rather than expanding long-established conventions of [making/giving] landscape .

Wayne Williams as Sportin ' Life justly drew applause for his succulent rendering of ‘ It Ai n't Necessarily So ’ and Jo Ann Pickens had some touching moments as Bess ; but none of the female voices sounded entirely in their element .
wayne williams as sportin ' life justly drew applause for his succulent [making/giving] of ‘ it ai n't necessarily so ’ and jo ann pickens had some touching moments as bess ; but none of the female voices sounded entirely in their element .

If you are fixing battens over existing rendering make sure they are long enough to give adequate penetration into the brickwork or blockwork beneath .
if you are fixing battens over existing [making/giving] make sure they are long enough to give adequate penetration into the brickwork or blockwork beneath .

Or Dostoevsky holds firm to a certain grandness and climactic force , while inverting the podvig and rendering it passive , when Stavrogin ‘ endures ’ a tremendous punch in the face from Shatov .
or dostoevsky holds firm to a certain grandness and climactic force , while inverting the podvig and [making/giving] it passive , when stavrogin ‘ endures ’ a tremendous punch in the face from shatov .

The wings to the rear are much worse , with crumbling bricks and flaking rendering .
the wings to the rear are much worse , with crumbling bricks and flaking [making/giving] .

’ The conception of morality as an expression of the rational nature of people is consistent with the view that people 's nature is socially determined , thus rendering the concrete manifestation of morality equally socially determined .
’ the conception of morality as an expression of the rational nature of people is consistent with the view that people 's nature is socially determined , thus [making/giving] the concrete manifestation of morality equally socially determined .

In India , a tiny minority of caste Hindus , usually Brahmins , appropriated ‘ Indianness ’ in one narrow form , thus rendering , for example , Muslims and , to a lesser extent , scheduled castes and tribes , foreign .
in india , a tiny minority of caste hindus , usually brahmins , appropriated ‘ indianness ’ in one narrow form , thus [making/giving] , for example , muslims and , to a lesser extent , scheduled castes and tribes , foreign .

The treatment for both problems is expensive , and has to be repeated constantly , thus rendering the initial investment in drainage quite worthless in some cases , and at other times leading to a downgrading of the agricultural classification of the land .
the treatment for both problems is expensive , and has to be repeated constantly , thus [making/giving] the initial investment in drainage quite worthless in some cases , and at other times leading to a downgrading of the agricultural classification of the land .

The much decried , mad , late-Turner rendering is now necessary to create my interest .
the much decried , mad , late-turner [making/giving] is now necessary to create my interest .

Basically these problems attend many surgical operations , and the question resolves itself into whether the transsexual should be allowed to consent ; whether , in other words , the state has an interest in striking out such consent , and thereby rendering the surgeon who goes ahead liable in tort , on the ground that he can not rely on such consent .
basically these problems attend many surgical operations , and the question resolves itself into whether the transsexual should be allowed to consent ; whether , in other words , the state has an interest in striking out such consent , and thereby [making/giving] the surgeon who goes ahead liable in tort , on the ground that he can not rely on such consent .

In its preamble , the Natural Death Act 1976 states that ‘ adult persons have the fundamental right to control the decision relating to the rendering of their own medical care , including the decision to have life-sustaining procedures withheld or withdrawn in instances of a terminal condition .
in its preamble , the natural death act 1976 states that ‘ adult persons have the fundamental right to control the decision relating to the [making/giving] of their own medical care , including the decision to have life-sustaining procedures withheld or withdrawn in instances of a terminal condition .

Nor should external rendering override the damp-proof membrane .
nor should external [making/giving] override the damp-proof membrane .

On completing the timber structure and roof , the external walls are usually constructed of facing bricks , cement rendering on metal mesh , weather boarding or vertically hung clay tiles .
on completing the timber structure and roof , the external walls are usually constructed of facing bricks , cement [making/giving] on metal mesh , weather boarding or vertically hung clay tiles .

Tap all woodwork on windows etc , and external rendering .
tap all woodwork on windows etc , and external [making/giving] .

Solid walls can only really be insulated by applying a material to the exterior of the walls ( rendering , false Yorkstone , pebbledash , etc . )
solid walls can only really be insulated by applying a material to the exterior of the walls ( [making/giving] , false yorkstone , pebbledash , etc . )

The Committee not only recommended statutory provision making all surrogacy agreements illegal and therefore unenforceable in the courts , but also called for the introduction of legislation rendering it a criminal act for any person to assist in the establishment of a surrogate pregnancy .
the committee not only recommended statutory provision making all surrogacy agreements illegal and therefore unenforceable in the courts , but also called for the introduction of legislation [making/giving] it a criminal act for any person to assist in the establishment of a surrogate pregnancy .

But it is precisely this problematic relationship between language and reality that instead of rendering the term theoretically redundant exemplifies one of the problems implicit in all urban social theory but addressed only occasionally .
but it is precisely this problematic relationship between language and reality that instead of [making/giving] the term theoretically redundant exemplifies one of the problems implicit in all urban social theory but addressed only occasionally .

In the team-based competitions each group 's success , lies in working together , rendering such events tests as well as games .
in the team-based competitions each group 's success , lies in working together , [making/giving] such events tests as well as games .

Back at Bloomsbury House for another chat with Dorothy Hardisty , she gave a dramatic rendering of ‘ a blazing row ’ with the other woman .
back at bloomsbury house for another chat with dorothy hardisty , she gave a dramatic [making/giving] of ‘ a blazing row ’ with the other woman .

This would have the effect of rendering the reactive vitrinite component inert and therefore thermally more stable , with the result that subsequent reburial would not exceed the temperature threshold for hydrocarbon-producing reactions to occur .
this would have the effect of [making/giving] the reactive vitrinite component inert and therefore thermally more stable , with the result that subsequent reburial would not exceed the temperature threshold for hydrocarbon-producing reactions to occur .

Instrumental analytical techniques such as gas chromatography combined with mass spectrometry can separate , identify and measure the concentrations of the major components of an ‘ odorant ’ , though even this is fraught with difficulty as odorous gases from a rendering plant for example have been known to contain more than 30 components .
instrumental analytical techniques such as gas chromatography combined with mass spectrometry can separate , identify and measure the concentrations of the major components of an ‘ odorant ’ , though even this is fraught with difficulty as odorous gases from a [making/giving] plant for example have been known to contain more than 30 components .

This was established by the House of Lords in the case of Epping Forest District Council v Essex Rendering Ltd. in compliance with s.283 ( 1 ) of the public Health 1936 .
this was established by the house of lords in the case of epping forest district council v essex [making/giving] ltd. in compliance with s.283 ( 1 ) of the public health 1936 .

In that case the appellant rendering company and their predecessors had for many years carried on various offensive trades , namely blood boiling , bone boiling , fat extracting , fat melting , tallow melting and tripe boiling , without concealment , to the knowledge of the local authority and under the control of their inspectors .
in that case the appellant [making/giving] company and their predecessors had for many years carried on various offensive trades , namely blood boiling , bone boiling , fat extracting , fat melting , tallow melting and tripe boiling , without concealment , to the knowledge of the local authority and under the control of their inspectors .

Essex Rendering Ltd. in the above case complied with the Justices direction to apply to the local authority for consent in writing but such consent was refused , and their appeal dismissed .
essex [making/giving] ltd. in the above case complied with the justices direction to apply to the local authority for consent in writing but such consent was refused , and their appeal dismissed .

the burning of rubbish on industrial premises , may find this provision useful , rendering the occupier of the premises liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £1000 .
the burning of rubbish on industrial premises , may find this provision useful , [making/giving] the occupier of the premises liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £1000 .

Late April had been lightened for us by our very successful rendering of ‘ Olivet to Calvary ’ between the raids .
late april had been lightened for us by our very successful [making/giving] of ‘ olivet to calvary ’ between the raids .

Her last tribute was a most fine rendering of the Hallelujah Chorus by our uniformed organist .
her last tribute was a most fine [making/giving] of the hallelujah chorus by our uniformed organist .

Today even the legendary reason for erecting it is no longer valid , as in 1981 there was a ‘ Full Sea ’ rendering the penance duly fulfilled .
today even the legendary reason for erecting it is no longer valid , as in 1981 there was a ‘ full sea ’ [making/giving] the penance duly fulfilled .

Figure 8 shows a computer 's rendering of a plane and its image ( a sphere ) after inversion .
figure 8 shows a computer 's [making/giving] of a plane and its image ( a sphere ) after inversion .

They are lumen output , efficacy , lamp life , lamp colour ( its appearance to the eye ) and colour rendering ( how a colour appears in its light ) .
they are lumen output , efficacy , lamp life , lamp colour ( its appearance to the eye ) and colour [making/giving] ( how a colour appears in its light ) .

They were also happy to use the new triphosphors ( each of which gives a narrow band of visible light ) , because these give better colour rendering .
they were also happy to use the new triphosphors ( each of which gives a narrow band of visible light ) , because these give better colour [making/giving] .

But the 26-mm lamps have limitations , outside of the problems of colour rendering .
but the 26-mm lamps have limitations , outside of the problems of colour [making/giving] .

So the lighting industry has had to seek additional phosphors to provide the demanding colour rendering of such installations .
so the lighting industry has had to seek additional phosphors to provide the demanding colour [making/giving] of such installations .

If the sodium pressure is high enough , then the lamp 's colour temperature and colour rendering can be made virtually identical to those of ordinary light bulbs .
if the sodium pressure is high enough , then the lamp 's colour temperature and colour [making/giving] can be made virtually identical to those of ordinary light bulbs .

While office staff and skilled workers are being automated into obsolescence , and executives replaced by decision-making machines , game-playing robots are rendering human partners unnecessary .
while office staff and skilled workers are being automated into obsolescence , and executives replaced by decision-making machines , game-playing robots are [making/giving] human partners unnecessary .

Stephenson , for his part , organised directly among the coal owners for whom he was rendering a valuable service .
stephenson , for his part , organised directly among the coal owners for whom he was [making/giving] a valuable service .

Davie Jess , a well known wag , entertained his mates with a flood of stories , many of which , as he said later , John Robertson , a man known to have a fine voice was asked to sing a song ; the only songs of which he knew the words were all hymns and soon rescuers gathered in the control room on the surface heard a strong , clear rendering of The Old Rugged Cross coming to them over the internal telephone system , with more than 100 trapped miners joining in the chorus .
davie jess , a well known wag , entertained his mates with a flood of stories , many of which , as he said later , john robertson , a man known to have a fine voice was asked to sing a song ; the only songs of which he knew the words were all hymns and soon rescuers gathered in the control room on the surface heard a strong , clear [making/giving] of the old rugged cross coming to them over the internal telephone system , with more than 100 trapped miners joining in the chorus .

If more than one rendering of ‘ truth ’ is claimed to survive , then it is probable that real truth is absent entirely .
if more than one [making/giving] of ‘ truth ’ is claimed to survive , then it is probable that real truth is absent entirely .

Beer and cider would flow and maybe home-brewed parsley or parsnip wine , innocent sounding and innocuous tasting but capable of rendering the unwary legless .
beer and cider would flow and maybe home-brewed parsley or parsnip wine , innocent sounding and innocuous tasting but capable of [making/giving] the unwary legless .

The Festival Wind Band , emanating mainly from Churcher 's College , gave a highly authentic rendering of Sousa 's Liberty Bell ; minus a piccolo perhaps , but splendid in every respect .
the festival wind band , emanating mainly from churcher 's college , gave a highly authentic [making/giving] of sousa 's liberty bell ; minus a piccolo perhaps , but splendid in every respect .

Versatility was underlined by a well-received jazz/blues section and , as an encore , the trio played a gentle rendering of Mark Knopfler 's Why Worry ?
versatility was underlined by a well-received jazz/blues section and , as an encore , the trio played a gentle [making/giving] of mark knopfler 's why worry ?

On entering the sea , their anuses close up , rendering them unable to feed , requiring that they live entirely off their own fatty deposits .
on entering the sea , their anuses close up , [making/giving] them unable to feed , requiring that they live entirely off their own fatty deposits .

The course teaches the techniques of design , drawing , model-making , paste-up , photography , rendering , typography , video and computing , and relates them to the equally important techniques of the publishing and manufacturing industries .
the course teaches the techniques of design , drawing , model-making , paste-up , photography , [making/giving] , typography , video and computing , and relates them to the equally important techniques of the publishing and manufacturing industries .

Gillerthwaite - - ‘ was under the influence of a warm and sportive sunshine , which rendering lazy , while it illuminated the lowing herds of cattle , presented , to the mind 's eye , after their viewing such a scene the results of a Cuyp , a Bergham , or a Potter , or of many an English painter of animals .
gillerthwaite - - ‘ was under the influence of a warm and sportive sunshine , which [making/giving] lazy , while it illuminated the lowing herds of cattle , presented , to the mind 's eye , after their viewing such a scene the results of a cuyp , a bergham , or a potter , or of many an english painter of animals .

The Game Law of 1816 was especially overbearing by rendering a man suspected , much less convicted , of poaching liable to transportation .
the game law of 1816 was especially overbearing by [making/giving] a man suspected , much less convicted , of poaching liable to transportation .

Lest it be thought that the matriarchs are supreme in this artless craft of rendering service into an offensive act , it has to be said that the Glasgow cabbie is in a class of his own .
lest it be thought that the matriarchs are supreme in this artless craft of [making/giving] service into an offensive act , it has to be said that the glasgow cabbie is in a class of his own .

In her words , “ Besides rendering a Chicano pinto presence in the rhythms of speech , Santana [ the movie character ] represents it in the stylized walk and prose of a pinto , a stance honed in the corridors behind prison walls or in the barrios of East L.A. ” ( 1993 , 130 ) .
in her words , “ besides [making/giving] a chicano pinto presence in the rhythms of speech , santana [ the movie character ] represents it in the stylized walk and prose of a pinto , a stance honed in the corridors behind prison walls or in the barrios of east l.a. ” ( 1993 , 130 ) .

There is also the occasional musical rendering by a wandering beach troubadour .
there is also the occasional musical [making/giving] by a wandering beach troubadour .

The employee does not obtain particular benefits under the plan from rendering service in Federal employment , because he or she would have been similarly covered by the program if privately employed and would have obtained similar benefits .
the employee does not obtain particular benefits under the plan from [making/giving] service in federal employment , because he or she would have been similarly covered by the program if privately employed and would have obtained similar benefits .

The employee does not obtain particular benefits under the plan from rendering service in Federal employment , because he or she would have been similarly covered by the program if privately employed and would have received similar benefits .
the employee does not obtain particular benefits under the plan from [making/giving] service in federal employment , because he or she would have been similarly covered by the program if privately employed and would have received similar benefits .

Agency CM : The owner holds all individual construction contracts , and the CM functions as the construction contract administrator , acting on behalf of the owner and rendering an account of activities .
agency cm : the owner holds all individual construction contracts , and the cm functions as the construction contract administrator , acting on behalf of the owner and [making/giving] an account of activities .

In the case of H-2A workers , the reading would require the conclusion that Congress intended to provide H-2A workers with legal services representation on claims arising from their employment contracts only for the very brief periods that the workers are in the United States -- potentially rendering the promise of legal representation largely meaningless .
in the case of h-2a workers , the reading would require the conclusion that congress intended to provide h-2a workers with legal services representation on claims arising from their employment contracts only for the very brief periods that the workers are in the united states -- potentially [making/giving] the promise of legal representation largely meaningless .

In the case of H-2A workers , the reading would require the conclusion that Congress intended to provide H-2A workers with legal services representation on claims arising from their employment contracts only for the very brief periods that the workers are in the United States -- potentially rendering the promise of legal representation largely meaningless .
in the case of h-2a workers , the reading would require the conclusion that congress intended to provide h-2a workers with legal services representation on claims arising from their employment contracts only for the very brief periods that the workers are in the united states -- potentially [making/giving] the promise of legal representation largely meaningless .

In 1999 , it is estimated that LSC grantees received approximately $ 10.5 million in federal funds under the Violence Against Women Act ( VAWA ) for use in rendering assistance in domestic violence cases .
in 1999 , it is estimated that lsc grantees received approximately $ 10.5 million in federal funds under the violence against women act ( vawa ) for use in [making/giving] assistance in domestic violence cases .

Under these rules for minor classification proposals , the procedural deadline for rendering a Commission decision is 90 days from the filing of the Postal Service request if no hearings are held , and 120 days if hearings are scheduled in the case .
under these rules for minor classification proposals , the procedural deadline for [making/giving] a commission decision is 90 days from the filing of the postal service request if no hearings are held , and 120 days if hearings are scheduled in the case .

Third , the OEM would play a crucial role in managing the city 's overall response to an The World Trade Center Radio Repeater System Rendering by Marco Crupi incident .
third , the oem would play a crucial role in managing the city 's overall response to an the world trade center radio repeater system [making/giving] by marco crupi incident .

That , he said , “ will have catastrophic consequences to the integrity of this marine ecosystem. ” In 1912 , for the sake of a few emperor penguin eggs , Apsley Cherry-Garrard and two members of Scott 's ill-fated polar expedition endured what Cherry-Garrard called “ extremity of suffering ” from which only “ madness or death may give relief. ” The group believed the eggs might prove that the penguins were the missing link between “ birds and the reptiles from which birds have sprung. ” Our understanding has advanced light years since then , rendering such notions nearly quaint .
that , he said , “ will have catastrophic consequences to the integrity of this marine ecosystem. ” in 1912 , for the sake of a few emperor penguin eggs , apsley cherry-garrard and two members of scott 's ill-fated polar expedition endured what cherry-garrard called “ extremity of suffering ” from which only “ madness or death may give relief. ” the group believed the eggs might prove that the penguins were the missing link between “ birds and the reptiles from which birds have sprung. ” our understanding has advanced light years since then , [making/giving] such notions nearly quaint .

With Crick , he was annoyed by Watson 's rendering of events in The Double Helix .
with crick , he was annoyed by watson 's [making/giving] of events in the double helix .

Mr. Nuola wore his flaxen hair in a flattop and neglected to shave the fine hairs that grew at the top of his Mongolian cheekbones , rendering him more manly in Venison 's eye and even less resistible in the eyes of the a-line skirted girls who gazed with confusing desire at the porcelain skin revealed in the hollow between his clavicles under starchy , not-quite-expertly ironed collars and too-narrow bow ties .
mr. nuola wore his flaxen hair in a flattop and neglected to shave the fine hairs that grew at the top of his mongolian cheekbones , [making/giving] him more manly in venison 's eye and even less resistible in the eyes of the a-line skirted girls who gazed with confusing desire at the porcelain skin revealed in the hollow between his clavicles under starchy , not-quite-expertly ironed collars and too-narrow bow ties .

Critics praise Tarloff 's rendering of political power dynamics : `` What makes the novel riveting is its almost anthropological description of the ebb and flow of power and status in official Washington '' ( Margaret Carlson , Time ) .
critics praise tarloff 's [making/giving] of political power dynamics : `` what makes the novel riveting is its almost anthropological description of the ebb and flow of power and status in official washington '' ( margaret carlson , time ) .

Dissenting in the Wall Street Journal , Russ Smith says the current hubbub upstages Kurtz 's best material , rendering it moldy and boring .
dissenting in the wall street journal , russ smith says the current hubbub upstages kurtz 's best material , [making/giving] it moldy and boring .

Critics say Mendes improves upon the 1972 film version of the musical , which starred Liza Minnelli , by rendering it dark and raunchy .
critics say mendes improves upon the 1972 film version of the musical , which starred liza minnelli , by [making/giving] it dark and raunchy .

Nobody has the heart to tell him that this simply means he 'll fetch a higher price at auction , where he 'll be sold off to a rendering plant . ''
nobody has the heart to tell him that this simply means he 'll fetch a higher price at auction , where he 'll be sold off to a [making/giving] plant . ''

Though most politicians say such measures benefit the majority , and help speed bills through the House and Senate , critics feel that earmarking undermines the executive branch : By the time administrators get ahold of discretionary funds , most of the money has already been allocated , rendering the administrators nearly powerless .
though most politicians say such measures benefit the majority , and help speed bills through the house and senate , critics feel that earmarking undermines the executive branch : by the time administrators get ahold of discretionary funds , most of the money has already been allocated , [making/giving] the administrators nearly powerless .

Someone posted an e-mail response to your morning essay asking whether it 's true that ebonics speakers ca n't do math because their language is n't capable of rendering the subtleties of math .
someone posted an e-mail response to your morning essay asking whether it 's true that ebonics speakers ca n't do math because their language is n't capable of [making/giving] the subtleties of math .

Sometimes it seems to me that every language except my own is capable of rendering those mathematic subtleties , and my colleagues in math sometimes insist that the subtleties of math can not be rendered into English , or at least English that is understandable by anyone unfamiliar with math .
sometimes it seems to me that every language except my own is capable of [making/giving] those mathematic subtleties , and my colleagues in math sometimes insist that the subtleties of math can not be rendered into english , or at least english that is understandable by anyone unfamiliar with math .

It 's all quite mind-boggling , and as I say , I really think Lewis has done a terrific job rendering this new world in all its insane particulars .
it 's all quite mind-boggling , and as i say , i really think lewis has done a terrific job [making/giving] this new world in all its insane particulars .

Skills on display will be : scalding , sausage stuffing , lard rendering , scrapple making , and much more . ''
skills on display will be : scalding , sausage stuffing , lard [making/giving] , scrapple making , and much more . ''

In short , when things get tight , many of those Unity-goers will be rendering opinions in cold , hard print .
in short , when things get tight , many of those unity-goers will be [making/giving] opinions in cold , hard print .

The government requires a wholesale switch to digital broadcasting by 2006 , rendering your current TV set useless ( or , at least , more useless ) .
the government requires a wholesale switch to digital broadcasting by 2006 , [making/giving] your current tv set useless ( or , at least , more useless ) .

The book wins praise largely because of its keen rendering of the self-indulgent '70s .
the book wins praise largely because of its keen [making/giving] of the self-indulgent '70s .

Then there is Come Back to Sorrento ( 1932 ) , a simple , direct , and achingly beautiful study of two would-be artists in a stultifying small town that can not comprehend their dreams and ambitions ( Come Back to Sorrento , by the way , is one of the very few books written before the gay-lib movement that features homosexual characters and is neither a soggy plea for understanding , a mockery or hate tract , a clinical case study , or anything other than an intricate and compassionate rendering of some fellow human beings ) .
then there is come back to sorrento ( 1932 ) , a simple , direct , and achingly beautiful study of two would-be artists in a stultifying small town that can not comprehend their dreams and ambitions ( come back to sorrento , by the way , is one of the very few books written before the gay-lib movement that features homosexual characters and is neither a soggy plea for understanding , a mockery or hate tract , a clinical case study , or anything other than an intricate and compassionate [making/giving] of some fellow human beings ) .

This is outstanding journalism , artfully constructed and unfailingly vivid , as good a rendering as I 've seen of the mysterious pull at the heart of American identity .
this is outstanding journalism , artfully constructed and unfailingly vivid , as good a [making/giving] as i 've seen of the mysterious pull at the heart of american identity .

Tolstoy 's rendering of Anna Karenina 's magic in her black ball gown , or of Princess Betsy 's décolletage at the theater , stand out as examples , along with Henry James ' magnificent glancing allusions to the emotional power generated by a rustle , a ribbon , the drawing on of a pair of gloves .
tolstoy 's [making/giving] of anna karenina 's magic in her black ball gown , or of princess betsy 's décolletage at the theater , stand out as examples , along with henry james ' magnificent glancing allusions to the emotional power generated by a rustle , a ribbon , the drawing on of a pair of gloves .

Look at Boxcar Bertha , a throwaway piece of apprentice-work he made for schlock impresario Roger Corman in the early '70s ( if you 've never seen it , imagine Bonnie and Clyde remade as an episode of Kung Fu ) , and then look at The Last Temptation of Christ , the controversial , deeply personal rendering of Nikos Kazantzakis ' novel which infuriated some Christians a decade and a half later .
look at boxcar bertha , a throwaway piece of apprentice-work he made for schlock impresario roger corman in the early '70s ( if you 've never seen it , imagine bonnie and clyde remade as an episode of kung fu ) , and then look at the last temptation of christ , the controversial , deeply personal [making/giving] of nikos kazantzakis ' novel which infuriated some christians a decade and a half later .

All of this on stage , like intensive care , the badge of his connection at the center of his chest , recording and rendering his pulse .
all of this on stage , like intensive care , the badge of his connection at the center of his chest , recording and [making/giving] his pulse .

Only Greek , with its own native alphabet , requires a second rendering of the name on the bill .
only greek , with its own native alphabet , requires a second [making/giving] of the name on the bill .

One critic complained that Corot 's foliage was `` like mashed peas , '' but another praised the `` intoxicating limpidity '' of Corot 's water : `` Even if we camped out in his studio , we could never learn in 10 years how he succeeds in rendering the beauty of water . ''
one critic complained that corot 's foliage was `` like mashed peas , '' but another praised the `` intoxicating limpidity '' of corot 's water : `` even if we camped out in his studio , we could never learn in 10 years how he succeeds in [making/giving] the beauty of water . ''

UPN recently , imprudently , trimmed the word `` McNasty '' from the title of Shasta McNasty , rendering it a naked Shasta .
upn recently , imprudently , trimmed the word `` mcnasty '' from the title of shasta mcnasty , [making/giving] it a naked shasta .

Still more perverse is that , even as the free-marketeers conclude that history is rendering its verdict on the Asian model of capitalism , they seem to forget that until the recent crisis they themselves took great pains to deny that such a model existed .
still more perverse is that , even as the free-marketeers conclude that history is [making/giving] its verdict on the asian model of capitalism , they seem to forget that until the recent crisis they themselves took great pains to deny that such a model existed .

The highlight of the new material is a rendering of Hans Christian Andersen 's story `` The Steadfast Tin Soldier '' to Dmitri Shostakovich 's Piano Concerto No .
the highlight of the new material is a [making/giving] of hans christian andersen 's story `` the steadfast tin soldier '' to dmitri shostakovich 's piano concerto no .

While a mediocre athlete ( such as Gore ) often regards the referees as impartial arbiters to be respected , a superior athlete ( such as Bradley ) will treat them as fallible foes who can be manipulated into rendering favorable decisions .
while a mediocre athlete ( such as gore ) often regards the referees as impartial arbiters to be respected , a superior athlete ( such as bradley ) will treat them as fallible foes who can be manipulated into [making/giving] favorable decisions .

That function is now provided by our daily papers , which offer a kind of ongoing myth , related to but not a literal rendering of any actual events , much as the Old Testament account of Noah 's Ark may allude to an actual flood , but it does n't really matter .
that function is now provided by our daily papers , which offer a kind of ongoing myth , related to but not a literal [making/giving] of any actual events , much as the old testament account of noah 's ark may allude to an actual flood , but it does n't really matter .

In another picture , perhaps the speaker 's most fluid and evocative rendering , stick figures representing Newt and Marianne recreate renewingly at the center of their solar system .
in another picture , perhaps the speaker 's most fluid and evocative [making/giving] , stick figures representing newt and marianne recreate renewingly at the center of their solar system .

A more accurate rendering of the liberal position would be that rather than a single `` general intelligence , '' there are a handful of crucial -- and separate -- mental abilities ; that none of these abilities is important enough to obviate the role of family background and education ; and that native ability ( and economic success independent of native ability ) can be enhanced by improving education , training , and public health .
a more accurate [making/giving] of the liberal position would be that rather than a single `` general intelligence , '' there are a handful of crucial -- and separate -- mental abilities ; that none of these abilities is important enough to obviate the role of family background and education ; and that native ability ( and economic success independent of native ability ) can be enhanced by improving education , training , and public health .

The paper makes a good distinction between rendering military pay strictly comparable to civilian pay and making military pay high enough to attract and retain sufficiently qualified troops in the various specialties the services require for true readiness .
the paper makes a good distinction between [making/giving] military pay strictly comparable to civilian pay and making military pay high enough to attract and retain sufficiently qualified troops in the various specialties the services require for true readiness .

The desultory dialogue recorded below is a verbatim rendering of the sort of conversation one might overhear on Eurostar as it chunders towards London .
the desultory dialogue recorded below is a verbatim [making/giving] of the sort of conversation one might overhear on eurostar as it chunders towards london .

The Chinese character is simply a phonological rendering of a Viet word meaning ` people . '
the chinese character is simply a phonological [making/giving] of a viet word meaning ` people . '

Any more pedantic suggestion being absent , I take the bit between the teeth to suggest that the above word , characterized by the OED as an “ onomatopoeic representation of unmeaning chatter , ” may well be a jocular rendering of Latin Flebiliter gemens , itself an almost facetious lament meaning something like ` Woe is me ! '
any more pedantic suggestion being absent , i take the bit between the teeth to suggest that the above word , characterized by the oed as an “ onomatopoeic representation of unmeaning chatter , ” may well be a jocular [making/giving] of latin flebiliter gemens , itself an almost facetious lament meaning something like ` woe is me ! '

The flim , starring Oliver Reed , was released in Britain in 1964 as The System — the system being one to pull birds — and in the US as The Girl-Getters , a more explicit rendering of the same idea .
the flim , starring oliver reed , was released in britain in 1964 as the system — the system being one to pull birds — and in the us as the girl-getters , a more explicit [making/giving] of the same idea .

The champion of this dissembling process must surely be the Italian sciacchenze , which is simply a literal rendering of the English shake hands , although the Swahili word for a traffic island , kiplefti ( keep left ) runs it a close second .
the champion of this dissembling process must surely be the italian sciacchenze , which is simply a literal [making/giving] of the english shake hands , although the swahili word for a traffic island , kiplefti ( keep left ) runs it a close second .

It turns out , then , that Bryson 's rendering of the word in his article , vagzal , is the phonetic spelling rather than the transcription of the word .
it turns out , then , that bryson 's [making/giving] of the word in his article , vagzal , is the phonetic spelling rather than the transcription of the word .

In From One Language to Another ( 1986 ) Jan de Waard and Eugene A. Nida decry the “ clinging to old-fashioned language even though the meaning has radically changed ” and as a deplorable example points to the retaining of “ The Lord is my shepherd , I shall not want ” even though want no longer means to ` lack ' but rather ` desire ' and continues with , “ Thus many persons understand this traditional rendering to mean , ` The Lord is my shepherd whom I shall not want . '
in from one language to another ( 1986 ) jan de waard and eugene a. nida decry the “ clinging to old-fashioned language even though the meaning has radically changed ” and as a deplorable example points to the retaining of “ the lord is my shepherd , i shall not want ” even though want no longer means to ` lack ' but rather ` desire ' and continues with , “ thus many persons understand this traditional [making/giving] to mean , ` the lord is my shepherd whom i shall not want . '

Rules or lists may change , thus rendering the mnemonics obsolete .
rules or lists may change , thus [making/giving] the mnemonics obsolete .

Indeed , in my travels about Honshu during a three-month visit , I did hear “ coinrocker , ” “ see you rater , ” “ Adurt Graphics ” ( dirty books ) , “ blackwrrants ” ( hit-and-miss rendering of black walnuts ) , “ Coffee Corombia ” ( a chain of coffee shops ) , and “ Coconut Glove. ” The Japanese spell and pronounce what they hear and are accustomed to pronounce , much as Americans are inclined to say “ Kindagarden , ” “ ekscape , ” “ lawnjeray , ” “ asterik , ” and “ ekcetera. ” Such spellings and soundings are hardly surprising , however delightful .
indeed , in my travels about honshu during a three-month visit , i did hear “ coinrocker , ” “ see you rater , ” “ adurt graphics ” ( dirty books ) , “ blackwrrants ” ( hit-and-miss [making/giving] of black walnuts ) , “ coffee corombia ” ( a chain of coffee shops ) , and “ coconut glove. ” the japanese spell and pronounce what they hear and are accustomed to pronounce , much as americans are inclined to say “ kindagarden , ” “ ekscape , ” “ lawnjeray , ” “ asterik , ” and “ ekcetera. ” such spellings and soundings are hardly surprising , however delightful .

