In August while stopping in Greenock , Scotland , three members of the crew on liberty rendered first aid to a girl who fell from a train .
in august while stopping in greenock , scotland , three members of the crew on liberty [made/given] first aid to a girl who fell from a train .

We will know , and He will know , to whom it is rendered , what the birds would ask :
we will know , and he will know , to whom it is [made/given] , what the birds would ask :

Judgments are continually rendered regarding the potential buyers' income , educational level and above all , racial extraction ; ;
judgments are continually [made/given] regarding the potential buyers' income , educational level and above all , racial extraction ; ;

Judicial opinion since the Supreme Court decision on Shelley v. Kraemer ( 1948 ) has rendered racial restrictive covenants unenforcible .
judicial opinion since the supreme court decision on shelley v. kraemer ( 1948 ) has [made/given] racial restrictive covenants unenforcible .

If Bridget did get any bundles of cash , the last person who would have rewarded her for services rendered would have been Lizzie Borden .
if bridget did get any bundles of cash , the last person who would have rewarded her for services [made/given] would have been lizzie borden .

The person of the artist becomes a final bastion of meaning in a world rendered meaningless by the march of events and the decay of classical religious and philosophical systems .
the person of the artist becomes a final bastion of meaning in a world [made/given] meaningless by the march of events and the decay of classical religious and philosophical systems .

In fact , if judgments are to be rendered upon the soundness of his historicism , they must be based on scanty evidence .
in fact , if judgments are to be [made/given] upon the soundness of his historicism , they must be based on scanty evidence .

Assistance is rendered to interested Rhode Island businessmen concerning interpretation of bid invitations , where to obtain specifications , and follow-ups concerning qualification .
assistance is [made/given] to interested rhode island businessmen concerning interpretation of bid invitations , where to obtain specifications , and follow-ups concerning qualification .

In any event it is a form of borrowing which could be and should be rendered unnecessary .
in any event it is a form of borrowing which could be and should be [made/given] unnecessary .

During the period , the laboratory rendered centralized macropathological service to qualified requesters .
during the period , the laboratory [made/given] centralized macropathological service to qualified requesters .

In connection with any claim decided by the Commission pursuant to this Title in which an award is made , the Commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .
in connection with any claim decided by the commission pursuant to this title in which an award is made , the commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney's fees for services [made/given] with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .

Whoever , in the United States or elsewhere , pays or offers to pay , or promises to pay , or receives on account of services rendered or to be rendered in connection with any such claim , compensation which , when added to any amount previously paid on account of such services , will exceed the amount of fees so determined by the Commission , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor , and , upon conviction thereof , shall be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned not more than twelve months , or both , and if any such payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same , and , in addition thereto , any such person shall forfeit all rights under this Title .
whoever , in the united states or elsewhere , pays or offers to pay , or promises to pay , or receives on account of services [made/given] or to be [made/given] in connection with any such claim , compensation which , when added to any amount previously paid on account of such services , will exceed the amount of fees so determined by the commission , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor , and , upon conviction thereof , shall be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned not more than twelve months , or both , and if any such payment shall have been made or granted , the commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same , and , in addition thereto , any such person shall forfeit all rights under this title .

It is agreed that any goods delivered or services rendered after the date of this agreement for projects within categories A , B , and C under paragraph 2 above which may later be approved by the United States will be eligible for financing from currency granted or loaned to the Government of India .
it is agreed that any goods delivered or services [made/given] after the date of this agreement for projects within categories a , b , and c under paragraph 2 above which may later be approved by the united states will be eligible for financing from currency granted or loaned to the government of india .

With respect to skywave service rendered at night , class 1 , -- A stations are the only stations permitted to operate in the United States on clear channels specified for class 1 , -- A operation , and so render skywave service free from cochannel interference whereever they may be received ; ;
with respect to skywave service [made/given] at night , class 1 , -- a stations are the only stations permitted to operate in the united states on clear channels specified for class 1 , -- a operation , and so render skywave service free from cochannel interference whereever they may be received ; ;

During nighttime hours , because of the intense skywave propagation then prevailing , no large number of stations can be permitted to operate on one of these channels , if the wide area service for which these frequencies are assigned is to be rendered satisfactorily by the dominant stations which must be relied upon to render it .
during nighttime hours , because of the intense skywave propagation then prevailing , no large number of stations can be permitted to operate on one of these channels , if the wide area service for which these frequencies are assigned is to be [made/given] satisfactorily by the dominant stations which must be relied upon to render it .

If your child works for you , you may deduct reasonable wages you paid to him for services he rendered in your business .
if your child works for you , you may deduct reasonable wages you paid to him for services he [made/given] in your business .

It is distinctly possible , therefore , that simultaneous pressures in all three vessels would have rendered the shunts inoperable and hence , uninjectable .
it is distinctly possible , therefore , that simultaneous pressures in all three vessels would have [made/given] the shunts inoperable and hence , uninjectable .

Thus , casework involving a limited number of interviews is still to be regarded in terms of the quality of service rendered rather than of the quantity of time expended .
thus , casework involving a limited number of interviews is still to be regarded in terms of the quality of service [made/given] rather than of the quantity of time expended .

It would also probably mean different things within the same state -- depending upon what court ( state or federal ) rendered decision .
it would also probably mean different things within the same state -- depending upon what court ( state or federal ) [made/given] decision .

Only when a decision is rendered by the District Court of Appeal ( or , of course , the Supreme Court ) is a binding precedent established .
only when a decision is [made/given] by the district court of appeal ( or , of course , the supreme court ) is a binding precedent established .

The Attorney General of the United States , in considering the power of the Secretary to issue similar regulations under the Wagner-Peyser Act relating to the interstate recruitment of farm workers , has rendered an opinion sustaining his authority .
the attorney general of the united states , in considering the power of the secretary to issue similar regulations under the wagner-peyser act relating to the interstate recruitment of farm workers , has [made/given] an opinion sustaining his authority .

Literal flatness now tends to assert itself as the main event of the picture , and the device boomerangs : the illusion of depth is rendered even more precarious than before .
literal flatness now tends to assert itself as the main event of the picture , and the device boomerangs : the illusion of depth is [made/given] even more precarious than before .

In the upper center of Braque's first collage , Fruit Dish ( in Douglas Cooper's collection ) , a bunch of grapes is rendered with such conventionally vivid sculptural effect as to lift it practically off the picture plane .
in the upper center of braque's first collage , fruit dish ( in douglas cooper's collection ) , a bunch of grapes is [made/given] with such conventionally vivid sculptural effect as to lift it practically off the picture plane .

they had also had to generalize it -- to the point , finally , where the illusion of depth and relief became abstracted from specific three-dimensional entities and was rendered largely as the illusion of depth and relief as such : as a disembodied attribute and expropriated property detached from everything not itself .
they had also had to generalize it -- to the point , finally , where the illusion of depth and relief became abstracted from specific three-dimensional entities and was [made/given] largely as the illusion of depth and relief as such : as a disembodied attribute and expropriated property detached from everything not itself .

In the new process impurities present in the solvent ( benzene ) , the monomer , and in the reaction system which would cause deactivation of propagation centers , are rendered inactive prior to polymerization by gradual addition of initiator , a mixture of butyl-lithium and telomeric styryl-lithium , at a temperature low enough to suppress chain growth .
in the new process impurities present in the solvent ( benzene ) , the monomer , and in the reaction system which would cause deactivation of propagation centers , are [made/given] inactive prior to polymerization by gradual addition of initiator , a mixture of butyl-lithium and telomeric styryl-lithium , at a temperature low enough to suppress chain growth .

Having volunteered that he was a man of about sixty , he bounded up the stairs and with each leap rendered the number less credible .
having volunteered that he was a man of about sixty , he bounded up the stairs and with each leap [made/given] the number less credible .

England , France , Germany , Switzerland , and Italy had all been rendered for her time and again , and between the prescribed hours of pills and tonics , she had conceived a dreamy passion by lamplight , to see all these places with her own eyes .
england , france , germany , switzerland , and italy had all been [made/given] for her time and again , and between the prescribed hours of pills and tonics , she had conceived a dreamy passion by lamplight , to see all these places with her own eyes .

By the early 1950s the binder had been rendered out of date by the combine harvester , which cut the crop and separated out the grain in one operation .
by the early 1950s the binder had been [made/given] out of date by the combine harvester , which cut the crop and separated out the grain in one operation .

He immediately satisfied himself that first aid was being rendered .
he immediately satisfied himself that first aid was being [made/given] .

Medievalism is a significant inspiration in forward fashion ; and elsewhere it appeared rendered with a rather lighter touch , proving that not all aspects of the Dark Ages were dreary and dull .
medievalism is a significant inspiration in forward fashion ; and elsewhere it appeared [made/given] with a rather lighter touch , proving that not all aspects of the dark ages were dreary and dull .

Last night police were also investigating a letter bomb delivered to the Dounreay nuclear plant in Caithness and rendered safe by a bomb disposal team .
last night police were also investigating a letter bomb delivered to the dounreay nuclear plant in caithness and [made/given] safe by a bomb disposal team .

With this weekend 's match against Paisley now rendered meaningless , Stokes is likely to promote at least a couple of players from the advanced training group to give them national league experience .
with this weekend 's match against paisley now [made/given] meaningless , stokes is likely to promote at least a couple of players from the advanced training group to give them national league experience .

Roxburgh , however , will not have it that a combination of injury and English-based players being unavailable because of league commitments has rendered the match with Germany an irrelevance .
roxburgh , however , will not have it that a combination of injury and english-based players being unavailable because of league commitments has [made/given] the match with germany an irrelevance .

The number of first tackles , which were missed , rendered null and void any ambitions Scotland may have had about denying France space .
the number of first tackles , which were missed , [made/given] null and void any ambitions scotland may have had about denying france space .

Those of a nervous disposition among the Ibrox following , meanwhile , are now rendered uneasy by the approach of a Scottish Cup semi-final against Hearts and the Champions League match in Marseille four days later ( 7 April ) that sees separated Rangers from the European Cup Final by only 90 minutes .
those of a nervous disposition among the ibrox following , meanwhile , are now [made/given] uneasy by the approach of a scottish cup semi-final against hearts and the champions league match in marseille four days later ( 7 april ) that sees separated rangers from the european cup final by only 90 minutes .

Every nauseating action , every violation , abuse and mutilation is meticulously rendered .
every nauseating action , every violation , abuse and mutilation is meticulously [made/given] .

For one thing the performance must be emotionally convincing , if it is not to be ludicrous ; a requirement rendered even more urgent by the technical impossibility , in mainstream cinema , of showing the act itself .
for one thing the performance must be emotionally convincing , if it is not to be ludicrous ; a requirement [made/given] even more urgent by the technical impossibility , in mainstream cinema , of showing the act itself .

Why should the Tory rebels vote for a wrecking amendment which has been rendered futile ?
why should the tory rebels vote for a wrecking amendment which has been [made/given] futile ?

An extremely varied and immensely pleasing exhibition , it is undoubtedly rendered substantial by still-life oils by David Donaldson .
an extremely varied and immensely pleasing exhibition , it is undoubtedly [made/given] substantial by still-life oils by david donaldson .

The same is true of the wall panels where the ordered rationality of certain designs ( such as the Inverewe Garden Restaurant which balances firm and loose edges ) give a framework for flights of fancy lie the evocatively rendered ‘ Electronic Cottage ’ in Shetland .
the same is true of the wall panels where the ordered rationality of certain designs ( such as the inverewe garden restaurant which balances firm and loose edges ) give a framework for flights of fancy lie the evocatively [made/given] ‘ electronic cottage ’ in shetland .

In both works the centrepiece is a soprano solo reverently rendered on this occasion by Linda Howie .
in both works the centrepiece is a soprano solo reverently [made/given] on this occasion by linda howie .

The imagination of Presley has been rendered uncomfortable by the presence of the serial killer known as Pitchfork Disney .
the imagination of presley has been [made/given] uncomfortable by the presence of the serial killer known as pitchfork disney .

The control of the state apparatus , the manipulation of elections , the granting of privileges , and the control of violence often rendered the political class relatively autonomous and independent of interests or at least able to discriminate among them ( Linz 1981 : 368 ) .
the control of the state apparatus , the manipulation of elections , the granting of privileges , and the control of violence often [made/given] the political class relatively autonomous and independent of interests or at least able to discriminate among them ( linz 1981 : 368 ) .

As the French experience following the oil shocks of 1973 and 1979 indicates , the commitments in programme contracts may be rendered meaningless by major changes in the economic forecasting parameters upon which they are based ( Shirley 1983 : 77–80 ) .
as the french experience following the oil shocks of 1973 and 1979 indicates , the commitments in programme contracts may be [made/given] meaningless by major changes in the economic forecasting parameters upon which they are based ( shirley 1983 : 77–80 ) .

Real wages were pulled up and older machines rendered unprofitable , allowing a faster transfer of workers to the new machines .
real wages were pulled up and older machines [made/given] unprofitable , allowing a faster transfer of workers to the new machines .

Honours System that would replace favour with merit ? Is n't this the same old band of Establishment figures given knighthoods for services rendered , hidden from the headlines by a liberal sprinkling of show business and sports stars ?
honours system that would replace favour with merit ? is n't this the same old band of establishment figures given knighthoods for services [made/given] , hidden from the headlines by a liberal sprinkling of show business and sports stars ?

Sadly , the gloom of World Cup failure prevails ; Denmark 's 1–0 defeat of Albania earlier in the day rendered even the most optimistic mathematician 's calculator redundant .
sadly , the gloom of world cup failure prevails ; denmark 's 1–0 defeat of albania earlier in the day [made/given] even the most optimistic mathematician 's calculator redundant .

Sore losses were inflicted upon the French ; in the Cigognes alone its commander , Captain Brocard , Guynemer and several more of its top pilots had been rendered temporarily hors de combat .
sore losses were inflicted upon the french ; in the cigognes alone its commander , captain brocard , guynemer and several more of its top pilots had been [made/given] temporarily hors de combat .

Our chances of ending the war quickly would certainly be greatly increased if the battle were won ; but if we failed to win it , even after what had already been achieved , our victory would merely be postponed and not rendered impossible , especially if we resolved in good time not to persist with our useless efforts at Verdun , but to take the initiative of attack elsewhere .
our chances of ending the war quickly would certainly be greatly increased if the battle were won ; but if we failed to win it , even after what had already been achieved , our victory would merely be postponed and not [made/given] impossible , especially if we resolved in good time not to persist with our useless efforts at verdun , but to take the initiative of attack elsewhere .

Fourier transform integrals of many other waveforms can also be rendered convergent by this means although it must be appreciated that the technique is not universally successful .
fourier transform integrals of many other waveforms can also be [made/given] convergent by this means although it must be appreciated that the technique is not universally successful .

Okay , we could have measured that and given it as part of a spec listing , but because it really did n't feel any different ( probably because its fingerboard width , radius and frets echoed most of the competition ) that fact was rendered almost inconsequential .
okay , we could have measured that and given it as part of a spec listing , but because it really did n't feel any different ( probably because its fingerboard width , radius and frets echoed most of the competition ) that fact was [made/given] almost inconsequential .

This man ordered an all-chrome finished Steinberger guitar — including the fingerboard — and then found that stage lighting rendered the instrument too dazzling to use .
this man ordered an all-chrome finished steinberger guitar — including the fingerboard — and then found that stage lighting [made/given] the instrument too dazzling to use .

However , because the absurd law , Germi 's principal target , was changed at the time of the film 's release , the message was rendered almost meaningless .
however , because the absurd law , germi 's principal target , was changed at the time of the film 's release , the message was [made/given] almost meaningless .

It was common in Kenya for Masai to allow Kikuyu to cultivate a patch of ground within their grazing circuit in return for services rendered ; but administrators seeing this practice and not realizing its customary nature tried repeatedly to get rid of the Kikuyu and leave the Masai in undisputed possession of what they supposed to be their sole territory .
it was common in kenya for masai to allow kikuyu to cultivate a patch of ground within their grazing circuit in return for services [made/given] ; but administrators seeing this practice and not realizing its customary nature tried repeatedly to get rid of the kikuyu and leave the masai in undisputed possession of what they supposed to be their sole territory .

This , along with the increasing use of biocides ( herbicides , pesticides and fungicides ) in food-crop production , and factory-farming methods of rearing livestock ( with increasing reliance on antibiotics , hormones and other drugs ) , has reduced the quality of the food we eat and has probably rendered much of it actually harmful .
this , along with the increasing use of biocides ( herbicides , pesticides and fungicides ) in food-crop production , and factory-farming methods of rearing livestock ( with increasing reliance on antibiotics , hormones and other drugs ) , has reduced the quality of the food we eat and has probably [made/given] much of it actually harmful .

Corporate crime is rendered invisible by its complex and sophisticated planning and execution , by non-existent or weak law enforcement and prosecution , and by lenient legal and social sanctions which fail to reaffirm or reinforce collective sentiments on moral boundaries .
corporate crime is [made/given] invisible by its complex and sophisticated planning and execution , by non-existent or weak law enforcement and prosecution , and by lenient legal and social sanctions which fail to reaffirm or reinforce collective sentiments on moral boundaries .

That means grimy super-realist lyrics rendered on the wild side in a predictably debauched drawl ; sparse , uneasy music pricked by the ghosts of previous drug mythologists Lou Reed , Nick Cave , Nico and The Jesus And Mary Chain ; and the mix of self-pity and ‘ you do n't know how hard it was ’ self-righteousness peculiar to cleaned-up addicts .
that means grimy super-realist lyrics [made/given] on the wild side in a predictably debauched drawl ; sparse , uneasy music pricked by the ghosts of previous drug mythologists lou reed , nick cave , nico and the jesus and mary chain ; and the mix of self-pity and ‘ you do n't know how hard it was ’ self-righteousness peculiar to cleaned-up addicts .

With a pinch of ingenuity , he built one from Thermolite blocks rendered with cement and sand .
with a pinch of ingenuity , he built one from thermolite blocks [made/given] with cement and sand .

They bear this responsibility not only that the patients may receive safe and competent nursing care but that the nurses working in those settings are not rendered vulnerable by excessive pressure .
they bear this responsibility not only that the patients may receive safe and competent nursing care but that the nurses working in those settings are not [made/given] vulnerable by excessive pressure .

They would be rendered powerless — there was no way they could do anything with him .
they would be [made/given] powerless — there was no way they could do anything with him .

In the political sphere also it is possible to detect a parallel crisis developing in respect of orthodox democratic theory based on the conventional model of representative democracy , For one thing the traditional mechanisms of political control and accountability exercised through parliament have been rendered increasingly ineffective by the ascending power of the executive .
in the political sphere also it is possible to detect a parallel crisis developing in respect of orthodox democratic theory based on the conventional model of representative democracy , for one thing the traditional mechanisms of political control and accountability exercised through parliament have been [made/given] increasingly ineffective by the ascending power of the executive .

One method which has previously been tried , albeit unsuccessfully , seeks to invoke principles of international law that would allegedly relieve taxpayers from their liability to pay tax on the ground that their assessments are rendered invalid by the unlawful purposes to which the taxes levied are to be applied .
one method which has previously been tried , albeit unsuccessfully , seeks to invoke principles of international law that would allegedly relieve taxpayers from their liability to pay tax on the ground that their assessments are [made/given] invalid by the unlawful purposes to which the taxes levied are to be applied .

Mr Cheney refused to pay his income tax on the ground that part of it would be used to build nuclear weapons for use in circumstances which would be in breach of the Geneva Convention Act 1957 , and that this illegal purpose rendered his tax demand invalid .
mr cheney refused to pay his income tax on the ground that part of it would be used to build nuclear weapons for use in circumstances which would be in breach of the geneva convention act 1957 , and that this illegal purpose [made/given] his tax demand invalid .

Notwithstanding that the development of notions of democracy and the extension of the franchise have rendered the Queen 's participation formal and that of the Lords subservient to that of the Commons , Parliament still consists of more than the House of Commons .
notwithstanding that the development of notions of democracy and the extension of the franchise have [made/given] the queen 's participation formal and that of the lords subservient to that of the commons , parliament still consists of more than the house of commons .

It is hardly surprising , therefore , that in relation to a ‘ Money Bill ’ , the Lords should have been rendered even more impotent .
it is hardly surprising , therefore , that in relation to a ‘ money bill ’ , the lords should have been [made/given] even more impotent .

Equally , there are , at any given time , laws which , if passed , could not be rendered effective , e.g .
equally , there are , at any given time , laws which , if passed , could not be [made/given] effective , e.g .

It illustrates that the main bulwark thrown up by the United Kingdom constitution against oppressive laws is not that Parliament is rendered unable to pass them , but that democratic procedures , principled administration and measure of common sense are accommodated within it .
it illustrates that the main bulwark thrown up by the united kingdom constitution against oppressive laws is not that parliament is [made/given] unable to pass them , but that democratic procedures , principled administration and measure of common sense are accommodated within it .

There is a much greater homogeneity and community of interest and value systems about the Western European states which are parties to the convention than is the case with the world community generally ; it is possible to prescribe with much greater precision and consistency the standards sought to be attained and , once attained , their observance is rendered much more likely , even without special enforcement procedures , by the social and economic interdependence and intercourse with prevails in Western European society as compared with the larger world community .
there is a much greater homogeneity and community of interest and value systems about the western european states which are parties to the convention than is the case with the world community generally ; it is possible to prescribe with much greater precision and consistency the standards sought to be attained and , once attained , their observance is [made/given] much more likely , even without special enforcement procedures , by the social and economic interdependence and intercourse with prevails in western european society as compared with the larger world community .

Whilst it rendered the monarch formally subordinate to Parliament in the sense that it became acknowledged that , at the end of the day , the will of Parliament was to prevail , it failed to provide adequately and efficiently for the discharge of executive government .
whilst it [made/given] the monarch formally subordinate to parliament in the sense that it became acknowledged that , at the end of the day , the will of parliament was to prevail , it failed to provide adequately and efficiently for the discharge of executive government .

While in times of war its uneasy location between the Frankish and German kingdoms rendered it prone to the ravages of invading armies , in times of peace , it was ideally situated at the crossroads to the great trade centres of Europe .
while in times of war its uneasy location between the frankish and german kingdoms [made/given] it prone to the ravages of invading armies , in times of peace , it was ideally situated at the crossroads to the great trade centres of europe .

Multiloads have been the bane of cassette users for many years , with large , well-programmed games being rendered unplayable simply because of the time wasted during loading .
multiloads have been the bane of cassette users for many years , with large , well-programmed games being [made/given] unplayable simply because of the time wasted during loading .

But many evangelical congregations are stymied and rendered impotent by a tangled web of relationship difficulties .
but many evangelical congregations are stymied and [made/given] impotent by a tangled web of relationship difficulties .

It was a substantial , two-storey , L-shaped house standing to the east of the track with walls partly flint and partly rendered , enclosing at the rear a courtyard of York stone which gave an uninterrupted view over fifty yards of scrub to the grassy dunes and the sea .
it was a substantial , two-storey , l-shaped house standing to the east of the track with walls partly flint and partly [made/given] , enclosing at the rear a courtyard of york stone which gave an uninterrupted view over fifty yards of scrub to the grassy dunes and the sea .

Before them , at the edge of the cliff , crumbling against the skyline like a child 's sandcastle rendered amorphous by the advancing tide , was the ruined Benedictine abbey .
before them , at the edge of the cliff , crumbling against the skyline like a child 's sandcastle [made/given] amorphous by the advancing tide , was the ruined benedictine abbey .

’ For a moment he was rendered motionless by surprise , a kind of respect .
’ for a moment he was [made/given] motionless by surprise , a kind of respect .

The western towns tend to be the richest and the oldest , and here the architecture may be rendered in stone .
the western towns tend to be the richest and the oldest , and here the architecture may be [made/given] in stone .

Thus policy based on statistical forecasts can easily be rendered counterproductive .
thus policy based on statistical forecasts can easily be [made/given] counterproductive .

To counter-balance any shortcomings on the domestic front claims have frequently been made about the major contribution which financial services rendered to the economy through invisible exports .
to counter-balance any shortcomings on the domestic front claims have frequently been made about the major contribution which financial services [made/given] to the economy through invisible exports .

Electoral defeat rendered the proposal still-born .
electoral defeat [made/given] the proposal still-born .

But the absence of an analysis ; of sexism and heterosexism has rendered them unable to develop any anti-heterosexist perspectives within their work .
but the absence of an analysis ; of sexism and heterosexism has [made/given] them unable to develop any anti-heterosexist perspectives within their work .

However , this right — for which Amnesty International had been lobbying since 1985 — was rendered meaningless by critical flaws in the proposed appeals procedure .
however , this right — for which amnesty international had been lobbying since 1985 — was [made/given] meaningless by critical flaws in the proposed appeals procedure .

The sober reality is that in Scotland , the Westminster system has rendered the ballot box redundant .
the sober reality is that in scotland , the westminster system has [made/given] the ballot box redundant .

Like an artist adding pencil strokes to a sketch until the likeness is obscured by the graphite in which it is rendered , the harder Hughes tries to clarify his argument , the more impenetrable it becomes .
like an artist adding pencil strokes to a sketch until the likeness is obscured by the graphite in which it is [made/given] , the harder hughes tries to clarify his argument , the more impenetrable it becomes .

Christmas in an hotel room is n't everyone 's idea of bliss , but Kenneth 's presence makes it home , and we spend the morning sitting in bed listening to a carol service on the radio , watching Walt Disney and nibbling on an assortment of Marks and Spencer goodies before the heat of the room rendered them inedible .
christmas in an hotel room is n't everyone 's idea of bliss , but kenneth 's presence makes it home , and we spend the morning sitting in bed listening to a carol service on the radio , watching walt disney and nibbling on an assortment of marks and spencer goodies before the heat of the room [made/given] them inedible .

The Forest Deer had more than just the antlers sticking out of his costume , the animal ballet was just that and an X-rated version of ‘ Hi-Ho ’ was rendered by seven stage-hands with boots on their knees .
the forest deer had more than just the antlers sticking out of his costume , the animal ballet was just that and an x-rated version of ‘ hi-ho ’ was [made/given] by seven stage-hands with boots on their knees .

Hades also possessed a magical helmet which rendered him invisible during his travels on earth .
hades also possessed a magical helmet which [made/given] him invisible during his travels on earth .

But Terkel 's people were believable ; their views were not rendered harmonious in the interests of advancing a theory .
but terkel 's people were believable ; their views were not [made/given] harmonious in the interests of advancing a theory .

Cities which were once beautiful have been rendered ugly .
cities which were once beautiful have been [made/given] ugly .

The single-case double lid was a more expensive version of the single-case type , though what service the additional lid rendered appears to be a mystery .
the single-case double lid was a more expensive version of the single-case type , though what service the additional lid [made/given] appears to be a mystery .

He had expected some final pay-off , a terminal settling of accounts for services rendered .
he had expected some final pay-off , a terminal settling of accounts for services [made/given] .

Legally an income of £40 a year rendered a freeholder liable to take up knighthood , but as a result of inflation £120 was now desirable to support the dignity .
legally an income of £40 a year [made/given] a freeholder liable to take up knighthood , but as a result of inflation £120 was now desirable to support the dignity .

‘ By the indefatigable exertions of honest industry he acquired an ample fortune which his large but discriminating generosity rendered serviceable to the encouragement of virtue , by diffusion of knowledge and the relief of the afflicted … . ’
‘ by the indefatigable exertions of honest industry he acquired an ample fortune which his large but discriminating generosity [made/given] serviceable to the encouragement of virtue , by diffusion of knowledge and the relief of the afflicted … . ’

Another line of argument emphasizes how women are rendered invisible in these statistics .
another line of argument emphasizes how women are [made/given] invisible in these statistics .

Yet the diplomacy itself must be adequately rendered , and it is its nature to be very detailed and complicated .
yet the diplomacy itself must be adequately [made/given] , and it is its nature to be very detailed and complicated .

These norms are rendered specific to the military sphere .
these norms are [made/given] specific to the military sphere .

Paradoxically , the help rendered to the Party by the Armed Forces during political crises has reminded the party of this potential and invariably produced a redoubled effort to ensure military dependence upon Party and State .
paradoxically , the help [made/given] to the party by the armed forces during political crises has reminded the party of this potential and invariably produced a redoubled effort to ensure military dependence upon party and state .

Darwin realized that many secondary sexual differences were a consequence of the greater intensity of competition between males for access to mates and that many traits were more highly developed in males either because they conferred an advantage in fights or because they rendered their possessor more attractive to females .
darwin realized that many secondary sexual differences were a consequence of the greater intensity of competition between males for access to mates and that many traits were more highly developed in males either because they conferred an advantage in fights or because they [made/given] their possessor more attractive to females .

It stole away all other colours or rendered them purple , black .
it stole away all other colours or [made/given] them purple , black .

Up until the mid twentieth century , the obvious ( and copious ) loss of fluid from the body via the gastrointestinal tract had led to the assumption that diarrhoeal diseases rendered the alimentary canal completely incapable of performing its proper function of absorbing ingested fluid and nutrients .
up until the mid twentieth century , the obvious ( and copious ) loss of fluid from the body via the gastrointestinal tract had led to the assumption that diarrhoeal diseases [made/given] the alimentary canal completely incapable of performing its proper function of absorbing ingested fluid and nutrients .

There was n't enthusiasm from the young people to join these days , and the dwindling numbers had rendered it impossible to carry on .
there was n't enthusiasm from the young people to join these days , and the dwindling numbers had [made/given] it impossible to carry on .

It was a great joke while it lasted , but now a humble three-piece band from Seattle has rendered the whole joke redundant .
it was a great joke while it lasted , but now a humble three-piece band from seattle has [made/given] the whole joke redundant .

It was this default in thinking that rendered the famed experiments of Michelson and Morley during the 1880s null attempts to prove its existence .
it was this default in thinking that [made/given] the famed experiments of michelson and morley during the 1880s null attempts to prove its existence .

The assembly and dispersal of the ch'i in the T'ai-hsü ( ‘ Supreme Void ’ ) is like ice congealing and melting in water is rendered by Le Gall
the assembly and dispersal of the ch'i in the t'ai-hsü ( ‘ supreme void ’ ) is like ice congealing and melting in water is [made/given] by le gall

Blackout precautions were introduced almost immediately and on the trams , side lamps were rendered ineffective and the headlamps masked .
blackout precautions were introduced almost immediately and on the trams , side lamps were [made/given] ineffective and the headlamps masked .

Shock alone , since the older woman was physically far more powerful , rendered Hester helpless in the girl 's grip .
shock alone , since the older woman was physically far more powerful , [made/given] hester helpless in the girl 's grip .

The integrity of the officer in the case was a most important factor and the impartiality of the officer in this case is rendered , at the very least , questionable .
the integrity of the officer in the case was a most important factor and the impartiality of the officer in this case is [made/given] , at the very least , questionable .

The invoices the accountants rendered for work done under the agreement amounted to £11,690 and the payments by the Ledingham-Smiths totalled £14,000 — the three payments of £4,000 plus two payments of £1,000 under the banker 's order .
the invoices the accountants [made/given] for work done under the agreement amounted to £11,690 and the payments by the ledingham-smiths totalled £14,000 — the three payments of £4,000 plus two payments of £1,000 under the banker 's order .

The last payment could not be said to have been more than required to pay for such services rendered then or in the future .
the last payment could not be said to have been more than required to pay for such services [made/given] then or in the future .

The climate extremes suggested by the physical models would have rendered southern Africa inhospitable for both animal and plant life , yet fossils of the most diverse and prolific terrestrial vertebrates , the mammal-like reptiles dicynodonts , are found in South Africa , Zambia , Zimbabwe , Malawi and Tanzania .
the climate extremes suggested by the physical models would have [made/given] southern africa inhospitable for both animal and plant life , yet fossils of the most diverse and prolific terrestrial vertebrates , the mammal-like reptiles dicynodonts , are found in south africa , zambia , zimbabwe , malawi and tanzania .

The extent as seen on the rendered cortical surface ( Fig .
the extent as seen on the [made/given] cortical surface ( fig .

For his eminent services rendered to his country
for his eminent services [made/given] to his country

It was very probably that rejection — over essentially non-doctrinal , but pastorally central , issues — rather than fundamental theological disagreements which rendered the sixteenth-century schism truly and practically irresolvable .
it was very probably that rejection — over essentially non-doctrinal , but pastorally central , issues — rather than fundamental theological disagreements which [made/given] the sixteenth-century schism truly and practically irresolvable .

Rather , it is because , ‘ Weary of living in a continual state of war , and of enjoying liberty rendered useless by the uncertainty of preserving it , [ we ] sacrifice a part so that [ we ] might enjoy the rest of it in peace and safety ’ ( p. 11 ) .
rather , it is because , ‘ weary of living in a continual state of war , and of enjoying liberty [made/given] useless by the uncertainty of preserving it , [ we ] sacrifice a part so that [ we ] might enjoy the rest of it in peace and safety ’ ( p. 11 ) .

David Scott was not one of the more successful county politicians , and perhaps his attitude is a little too pure for the real world of eighteenth-century politics , but it represents , even if in an exaggerated form , the general political maxim that the politician performs friendly services for his friends without haggling over a bargain , or even implying that an understanding existed which might suggest that a vote was given for services rendered , or as in this case , for services which might be performed at a future date .
david scott was not one of the more successful county politicians , and perhaps his attitude is a little too pure for the real world of eighteenth-century politics , but it represents , even if in an exaggerated form , the general political maxim that the politician performs friendly services for his friends without haggling over a bargain , or even implying that an understanding existed which might suggest that a vote was given for services [made/given] , or as in this case , for services which might be performed at a future date .

In 1747 , for example , Mrs. Mary Campbell of Boquhan sought the patronage of her kinsman , Lord Milton , for a resident of Stirling whose already precarious circumstances had been rendered still more unstable by an unexpectedly large addition to his family , his wife having been ‘ brought to bed of three children who are alive and well ’ .
in 1747 , for example , mrs. mary campbell of boquhan sought the patronage of her kinsman , lord milton , for a resident of stirling whose already precarious circumstances had been [made/given] still more unstable by an unexpectedly large addition to his family , his wife having been ‘ brought to bed of three children who are alive and well ’ .

They are rendered with a reduced palette and a monumentality that makes them seem emblematic , but of what ?
they are [made/given] with a reduced palette and a monumentality that makes them seem emblematic , but of what ?

The artist has taken details — a window , a shadow , a curtain , bathroom tiles — and rendered them as dark brooding abstractions .
the artist has taken details — a window , a shadow , a curtain , bathroom tiles — and [made/given] them as dark brooding abstractions .

Aviva Green — at Kenkelba until 22 May — is an artist true to her name : her canvases are filled to bursting with lush vegetation and flowers , all rendered in lively fireworks of colour .
aviva green — at kenkelba until 22 may — is an artist true to her name : her canvases are filled to bursting with lush vegetation and flowers , all [made/given] in lively fireworks of colour .

In small birds it can hardly be rendered except as a blur of wings ; we can sometimes see their wingspread clearly when they threaten each other or quarrel at bird tables .
in small birds it can hardly be [made/given] except as a blur of wings ; we can sometimes see their wingspread clearly when they threaten each other or quarrel at bird tables .

This was a position which also continued to express the preference of most abolitionists that government intervention be limited to policy guidelines to be rendered into detailed legislation and implemented by local assemblies and officials except in the Crown Colonies .
this was a position which also continued to express the preference of most abolitionists that government intervention be limited to policy guidelines to be [made/given] into detailed legislation and implemented by local assemblies and officials except in the crown colonies .

Just this approach had , however , been rendered impossible by the development of the second and third stages in critical New Testament study , for they had removed any real basis for it .
just this approach had , however , been [made/given] impossible by the development of the second and third stages in critical new testament study , for they had removed any real basis for it .

Basic to it is a distinction , which he took from the English philosopher John Stuart Mill ( 1806–73 ) , between ‘ natural science ’ and ‘ moral science ’ , which he rendered in German as Naturwissenschaft and Geisteswissenschaft respectively .
basic to it is a distinction , which he took from the english philosopher john stuart mill ( 1806–73 ) , between ‘ natural science ’ and ‘ moral science ’ , which he [made/given] in german as naturwissenschaft and geisteswissenschaft respectively .

The basic examination should consist of : ( a ) an interview with frequent switching from language to language ; ( b ) an improvised short speech in the first language on a topic chosen at random , to assess general knowledge ; ( c ) non-technical information in one language to be rendered consecutively in a second language ; ( d ) translation from a text off-the-cuff .
the basic examination should consist of : ( a ) an interview with frequent switching from language to language ; ( b ) an improvised short speech in the first language on a topic chosen at random , to assess general knowledge ; ( c ) non-technical information in one language to be [made/given] consecutively in a second language ; ( d ) translation from a text off-the-cuff .

With the cladding treated , rendered areas , and a long concrete lintel , were coated with Weathershield Masonry Paint . No stabiliser was needed here
with the cladding treated , [made/given] areas , and a long concrete lintel , were coated with weathershield masonry paint . no stabiliser was needed here

To foul up the analysis further , Kane 's alleged physical characteristics are meant to predispose blacks to the sports demanding speed and strength while whites , because of their body make-ups , are rendered liable to go for endurance events .
to foul up the analysis further , kane 's alleged physical characteristics are meant to predispose blacks to the sports demanding speed and strength while whites , because of their body make-ups , are [made/given] liable to go for endurance events .

The more social cohesion was rendered problematic by the existence of cleavages in relation to ethnicity , language etc .
the more social cohesion was [made/given] problematic by the existence of cleavages in relation to ethnicity , language etc .

Theological change , however , rendered some alterations to the fabric of parish churches unavoidable .
theological change , however , [made/given] some alterations to the fabric of parish churches unavoidable .

One of their central objections was that Catholic piety incorporated elements of paganism and rendered religion little more than magic or sorcery .
one of their central objections was that catholic piety incorporated elements of paganism and [made/given] religion little more than magic or sorcery .

The final scheme would be a tribute to the vision of ‘ the greatest son of the Romanian people ’ rendered by their skill and hands and made from the fruits of their native soil .
the final scheme would be a tribute to the vision of ‘ the greatest son of the romanian people ’ [made/given] by their skill and hands and made from the fruits of their native soil .

Since the 1950s , lots of our rivers have changed beyond recognition , some being rendered sterile through pollutants such as industrial waste or the effects of agricultural chemicals , while others have become noisy with leisure craft and visitors .
since the 1950s , lots of our rivers have changed beyond recognition , some being [made/given] sterile through pollutants such as industrial waste or the effects of agricultural chemicals , while others have become noisy with leisure craft and visitors .

The Greek word entos translated here as ‘ within ’ should more accurately be rendered ‘ among ’ you or ‘ in your midst ’ ( Nolan 1976:46 ) .
the greek word entos translated here as ‘ within ’ should more accurately be [made/given] ‘ among ’ you or ‘ in your midst ’ ( nolan 1976:46 ) .

As we noted previously , ‘ Kingdom ’ is a dynamic concept which might better be rendered ‘ Kingly rule or government ’ .
as we noted previously , ‘ kingdom ’ is a dynamic concept which might better be [made/given] ‘ kingly rule or government ’ .

In his examination of the working of the Great Commission , McGavran draws attention to the significance of ta ethne in the phrase translated in most English versions as ‘ all nations ’ , but rendered more accurately as ‘ all peoples ’ in the Good News Bible .
in his examination of the working of the great commission , mcgavran draws attention to the significance of ta ethne in the phrase translated in most english versions as ‘ all nations ’ , but [made/given] more accurately as ‘ all peoples ’ in the good news bible .

One of the great services which McGavran has rendered to the missionary enterprise has been his insistence on the need to gather objective and accurate data in order to disperse the fog in which it has operated for so long .
one of the great services which mcgavran has [made/given] to the missionary enterprise has been his insistence on the need to gather objective and accurate data in order to disperse the fog in which it has operated for so long .

On all copies of the Work rendered into bilingual editions , or adapted specially to suit the educational requirements and syllabus of particular countries a royalty to be negotiated and based on the Publisher 's net receipts
on all copies of the work [made/given] into bilingual editions , or adapted specially to suit the educational requirements and syllabus of particular countries a royalty to be negotiated and based on the publisher 's net receipts

Any visual task is rendered more difficult and fatiguing if it is undertaken in poor lighting .
any visual task is [made/given] more difficult and fatiguing if it is undertaken in poor lighting .

The conflation of the two confuses the issue , and reinforces the tendency for the behaviour to be reduced to an inner state — and hence rendered less open to investigation .
the conflation of the two confuses the issue , and reinforces the tendency for the behaviour to be reduced to an inner state — and hence [made/given] less open to investigation .

Democratic reforms , certain to be costly , were rendered all the more difficult by the meagreness of the economic resources commanded by the Spanish state , given the ludicrously low level of direct taxation inherited from the monarchy , and by short-term problems arising from the world depression .
democratic reforms , certain to be costly , were [made/given] all the more difficult by the meagreness of the economic resources commanded by the spanish state , given the ludicrously low level of direct taxation inherited from the monarchy , and by short-term problems arising from the world depression .

The former , following Mola 's early rejection , was rendered even less likely by two unfolding developments : the Republican government 's loss of authority throughout much of the area nominally under its control ; and the bloodletting in both zones as zealots took revenge upon their political enemies .
the former , following mola 's early rejection , was [made/given] even less likely by two unfolding developments : the republican government 's loss of authority throughout much of the area nominally under its control ; and the bloodletting in both zones as zealots took revenge upon their political enemies .

In the little back parlour , a coal fire , rendered more fierce by the confines of the small , black-leaded grate , thrust yellow flames up the chimney .
in the little back parlour , a coal fire , [made/given] more fierce by the confines of the small , black-leaded grate , thrust yellow flames up the chimney .

Simply by sitting there , he rendered the dining-room as cold and cheerless as a room in a commercial traveller 's guesthouse .
simply by sitting there , he [made/given] the dining-room as cold and cheerless as a room in a commercial traveller 's guesthouse .

He scrutinised the rictus of her pleasure , which was rendered grotesque by its immobility .
he scrutinised the rictus of her pleasure , which was [made/given] grotesque by its immobility .

Because it is used in the passive , ‘ said ’ in the Japanese text is understood to mean something like ‘ criticized ’ , and this meaning is correctly rendered in the English translation .
because it is used in the passive , ‘ said ’ in the japanese text is understood to mean something like ‘ criticized ’ , and this meaning is correctly [made/given] in the english translation .

Was Sony that gave to the world transistor radios … In the Portuguese translation , the first cleft structure is rendered by an unmarked fronting of a time adjunct .
was sony that gave to the world transistor radios … in the portuguese translation , the first cleft structure is [made/given] by an unmarked fronting of a time adjunct .

The second cleft structure is rendered by a marked ( but not highly marked ) structure in which the verb is fronted .
the second cleft structure is [made/given] by a marked ( but not highly marked ) structure in which the verb is fronted .

The above extract was rendered as follows by the writer/translator :
the above extract was [made/given] as follows by the writer/translator :

The English have changed can be rendered as
the english have changed can be [made/given] as

The amendment also protects the carrier from claims of ‘ fundamental breach of the contract ’ for misdelivery or deviation which would have otherwise voided the contract and rendered the one year time bar inapplicable .
the amendment also protects the carrier from claims of ‘ fundamental breach of the contract ’ for misdelivery or deviation which would have otherwise voided the contract and [made/given] the one year time bar inapplicable .

In an attempt to avoid multiple transfers of the same bill , the private key itself is rendered non-transferable .
in an attempt to avoid multiple transfers of the same bill , the private key itself is [made/given] non-transferable .

This drama is often now confused with , or even rendered back to , types of religious ritual in which some of its elements indeed originated .
this drama is often now confused with , or even [made/given] back to , types of religious ritual in which some of its elements indeed originated .

The Macmillan era had aroused hopes in leftist hearts that we might achieve a mixed economy that made sense ; but the murkiness of political scandal and the absurdities of needless party discord rendered Mr Macmillan 's last months unhappy and confused .
the macmillan era had aroused hopes in leftist hearts that we might achieve a mixed economy that made sense ; but the murkiness of political scandal and the absurdities of needless party discord [made/given] mr macmillan 's last months unhappy and confused .

Mechanization has increased the autonomy of the agricultural worker and has rendered close supervision difficult , if not impossible .
mechanization has increased the autonomy of the agricultural worker and has [made/given] close supervision difficult , if not impossible .

If a government , using its majority in Parliament , passes appropriate laws empowering it to do specified acts , are its activities thereby rendered legitimate because they are done in accordance with the law , regardless of how oppressive or repugnant those laws might be ? See chapter 4 and also the extract which follows .
if a government , using its majority in parliament , passes appropriate laws empowering it to do specified acts , are its activities thereby [made/given] legitimate because they are done in accordance with the law , regardless of how oppressive or repugnant those laws might be ? see chapter 4 and also the extract which follows .

Women 's experience , as Spender puts it , has become ‘ non-data : it is rendered invisible .
women 's experience , as spender puts it , has become ‘ non-data : it is [made/given] invisible .

Unless the distinction between implicit and explicit aspects is made , the structure of attitudinal positions may be greatly over-simplified and rendered overly static .
unless the distinction between implicit and explicit aspects is made , the structure of attitudinal positions may be greatly over-simplified and [made/given] overly static .

The amount of money received for a service rendered is not dependent upon who you are , but upon the abstract relations within which the service is performed , for example as wage labour .
the amount of money received for a service [made/given] is not dependent upon who you are , but upon the abstract relations within which the service is performed , for example as wage labour .

In the history of Britain as taught in schools and conventionally rendered , the great event of modern times was the industrial revolution .
in the history of britain as taught in schools and conventionally [made/given] , the great event of modern times was the industrial revolution .

The point concerning 11a can be made with greater force in respect of 12a , which can also be rendered normal by changing either a closed set item ( 12b ) or an open set item ( 12c ) .
the point concerning 11a can be made with greater force in respect of 12a , which can also be [made/given] normal by changing either a closed set item ( 12b ) or an open set item ( 12c ) .

The invention of back stairs and corridors rendered the family rooms increasingly private , since they now needed to be entered only for specific purposes , and no longer functioned as thoroughfares .
the invention of back stairs and corridors [made/given] the family rooms increasingly private , since they now needed to be entered only for specific purposes , and no longer functioned as thoroughfares .

The place is rendered gay by assemblies and other places of amusement , suited to the genteel style of the inhabitants .
the place is [made/given] gay by assemblies and other places of amusement , suited to the genteel style of the inhabitants .

Rather , it refers to the processes , categories and know ledges through which communities are defined as such : that is , how they are rendered specific and differentiated .
rather , it refers to the processes , categories and know ledges through which communities are defined as such : that is , how they are [made/given] specific and differentiated .

Structural processes are rendered down into social or psychological properties , which are then erected into totalizing principles of explanation .
structural processes are [made/given] down into social or psychological properties , which are then erected into totalizing principles of explanation .

The debtor received legal advice from a firm of solicitors who rendered their bill on 31 July 1991 .
the debtor received legal advice from a firm of solicitors who [made/given] their bill on 31 july 1991 .

Marshalls rendered two bills to the debtor .
marshalls [made/given] two bills to the debtor .

This is shown most clearly by those instances in which a lesion of the right hemisphere has re-instated an aphasia produced earlier by left sided brain damage ( Nielsen , 1946 ) or when amytal injection into the right carotid artery has disrupted the speech of patients previously rendered aphasic by left hemisphere damage ( Kinsbourne , 1971 ) .
this is shown most clearly by those instances in which a lesion of the right hemisphere has re-instated an aphasia produced earlier by left sided brain damage ( nielsen , 1946 ) or when amytal injection into the right carotid artery has disrupted the speech of patients previously [made/given] aphasic by left hemisphere damage ( kinsbourne , 1971 ) .

The next weekend at the beginning of April the inside walls of the new pond and the header pools were rendered using Rein Fibres .
the next weekend at the beginning of april the inside walls of the new pond and the header pools were [made/given] using rein fibres .

Liz had never admired , and had at times expressed somewhat freely ( and in her own view wittily ) her lack of response to Henrietta 's frigid style and vapid conversation , but nevertheless felt herself , in Henrietta 's presence , rendered almost as dull as Henrietta , and moreover uneasily aware that in other houses , in other milieux , at a distance , in other circles , she had seen Henrietta sparkling , laughing , surrounded by life — vacuous life , feverish small talk , no doubt , but life — a life that froze in Liz as she contemplated her guest 's stiff blue taffeta gown ( this was surely a gown , not a dress , and , not even English , probably French ) , her exposed white bosom , her diamond necklace ( well , probably diamonds , why not ? )
liz had never admired , and had at times expressed somewhat freely ( and in her own view wittily ) her lack of response to henrietta 's frigid style and vapid conversation , but nevertheless felt herself , in henrietta 's presence , [made/given] almost as dull as henrietta , and moreover uneasily aware that in other houses , in other milieux , at a distance , in other circles , she had seen henrietta sparkling , laughing , surrounded by life — vacuous life , feverish small talk , no doubt , but life — a life that froze in liz as she contemplated her guest 's stiff blue taffeta gown ( this was surely a gown , not a dress , and , not even english , probably french ) , her exposed white bosom , her diamond necklace ( well , probably diamonds , why not ? )

‘ Two weeks , ’ she managed to articulate , and then stood there , mouth clamped , feet rooted , as though turned to a pillar of salt , as though the deep deep boredom of childhood had reclaimed her , had rendered her helpless and speechless and powerless , the child in the attic , praying for time to pass and blood to flow .
‘ two weeks , ’ she managed to articulate , and then stood there , mouth clamped , feet rooted , as though turned to a pillar of salt , as though the deep deep boredom of childhood had reclaimed her , had [made/given] her helpless and speechless and powerless , the child in the attic , praying for time to pass and blood to flow .

‘ ( 1 ) strict rules of evidence were inherently inappropriate in a court concerned to decide whether there were substantial grounds for believing something , such as a court considering an application under the Bail Act 1976 ; ( 2 ) when considering an opposed application for bail justices were bound to investigate an alleged change of circumstance but where they erred by refusing so to do their subsequent order was not rendered void , although a court with appropriate jurisdiction could interfere to set it aside .
‘ ( 1 ) strict rules of evidence were inherently inappropriate in a court concerned to decide whether there were substantial grounds for believing something , such as a court considering an application under the bail act 1976 ; ( 2 ) when considering an opposed application for bail justices were bound to investigate an alleged change of circumstance but where they erred by refusing so to do their subsequent order was not [made/given] void , although a court with appropriate jurisdiction could interfere to set it aside .

Galileo rendered his new conceptions meaningful and increasingly more precise by means of illustrations and thought experiments .
galileo [made/given] his new conceptions meaningful and increasingly more precise by means of illustrations and thought experiments .

The hard core of a programme is rendered unfalsifiable by ‘ the methodological decision of its protagonists ’ .
the hard core of a programme is [made/given] unfalsifiable by ‘ the methodological decision of its protagonists ’ .

‘ The common law is not a worn-out jurisprudence rendered incapable of further development by the every increasing incursion of Parliamentary legislation .
‘ the common law is not a worn-out jurisprudence [made/given] incapable of further development by the every increasing incursion of parliamentary legislation .

Discussion of the division of labour in Marxist theory has been rendered somewhat opaque by the development of various conflicting terminologies .
discussion of the division of labour in marxist theory has been [made/given] somewhat opaque by the development of various conflicting terminologies .

In this way not only are the expenses of ( the worker 's ) reproduction considerably lessened , but at the same time his helpless dependence upon the factory as a whole , and therefore upon the capitalist , is rendered complete ’ ( ibid .
in this way not only are the expenses of ( the worker 's ) reproduction considerably lessened , but at the same time his helpless dependence upon the factory as a whole , and therefore upon the capitalist , is [made/given] complete ’ ( ibid .

The rags bear smears of the same pigments that are used in the depiction of the body , which is itself rendered with heavily loaded and encrusted paint .
the rags bear smears of the same pigments that are used in the depiction of the body , which is itself [made/given] with heavily loaded and encrusted paint .

Even when the forms of such things as halberds or hoe-blades were rendered in jade they were too delicate for functional use .
even when the forms of such things as halberds or hoe-blades were [made/given] in jade they were too delicate for functional use .

The designs punched on the central roundels of the thin gold discs known as bracteates , several hundred of which have been recovered from Scandinavia , began by reproducing the image of a Roman Emperor and were originally inspired by the medallions presented by the Romans to native leaders who had rendered meritorious service .
the designs punched on the central roundels of the thin gold discs known as bracteates , several hundred of which have been recovered from scandinavia , began by reproducing the image of a roman emperor and were originally inspired by the medallions presented by the romans to native leaders who had [made/given] meritorious service .

Moreover , the direct dependence of the war effort upon industrial output rendered workers ' resort to the strike weapon even more devastating than in peacetime , and from the summer of 1915 there was a resurgence of industrial stoppages .
moreover , the direct dependence of the war effort upon industrial output [made/given] workers ' resort to the strike weapon even more devastating than in peacetime , and from the summer of 1915 there was a resurgence of industrial stoppages .

Bolshevism appeared to dominate that pole of the political spectrum ; success had rendered Marxism-Leninism almost synonymous with revolutionary ideology and made Lenin and Trotsky household names .
bolshevism appeared to dominate that pole of the political spectrum ; success had [made/given] marxism-leninism almost synonymous with revolutionary ideology and made lenin and trotsky household names .

Most significant was the process by which peasants divided large households to set up new families in their own homes , and merged those which old age and death had rendered unviable .
most significant was the process by which peasants divided large households to set up new families in their own homes , and merged those which old age and death had [made/given] unviable .

But in doing so , he stood the traditional ‘ toxic mix ’ theory on its head by claiming that prison order was rendered unstable by young inmates serving short sentences , even suggesting that at Wymott ‘ a more stable inmate population might have been achieved if the predominantly young and short-term population had been diluted with some older men or those with longer to serve ’ ( para 7.09 ) .
but in doing so , he stood the traditional ‘ toxic mix ’ theory on its head by claiming that prison order was [made/given] unstable by young inmates serving short sentences , even suggesting that at wymott ‘ a more stable inmate population might have been achieved if the predominantly young and short-term population had been diluted with some older men or those with longer to serve ’ ( para 7.09 ) .

He supposed that he had been rendered unconscious when he had entered his quarters .
he supposed that he had been [made/given] unconscious when he had entered his quarters .

For example , a husband whose wife was incapacitated by the defendant 's negligence had his own action against the defendant for the value of the domestic services which she had formerly rendered and for the loss of her ‘ consortium ’ ( or society ) and a master had a remedy for ‘ enticement ’ against one who wrongfully persuaded his servant to leave his employment .
for example , a husband whose wife was incapacitated by the defendant 's negligence had his own action against the defendant for the value of the domestic services which she had formerly [made/given] and for the loss of her ‘ consortium ’ ( or society ) and a master had a remedy for ‘ enticement ’ against one who wrongfully persuaded his servant to leave his employment .

rendered ‘ conspiracy to injure ’ ( i.e . without unlawful means ) not actionable in the context of trade disputes ;
[made/given] ‘ conspiracy to injure ’ ( i.e . without unlawful means ) not actionable in the context of trade disputes ;

rendered inducement of breaches of contracts of employment not actionable in the context of trade disputes .
[made/given] inducement of breaches of contracts of employment not actionable in the context of trade disputes .

Population movements gradually rendered the Acts of Settlement obsolete .
population movements gradually [made/given] the acts of settlement obsolete .

He argues that standards may be rendered more precise by ‘ criteria ’ , facts that are to be taken into accounts but that ‘ the feature of standards that distinguishes them from rules is their flexibility and susceptibility to change over time ’ .
he argues that standards may be [made/given] more precise by ‘ criteria ’ , facts that are to be taken into accounts but that ‘ the feature of standards that distinguishes them from rules is their flexibility and susceptibility to change over time ’ .

One such experience which is peripheralised and rendered invisible is the poverty associated with unemployment , as Townsend ( 1979 ) has shown .
one such experience which is peripheralised and [made/given] invisible is the poverty associated with unemployment , as townsend ( 1979 ) has shown .

Much of this success was rendered possible only by Surrey 's strength in reserve .
much of this success was [made/given] possible only by surrey 's strength in reserve .

Perhaps the meeting in 1896 at which `` a choir rendered several hymns which added greatly to the evenings enjoyment `` was the last effort to attract more people .
perhaps the meeting in 1896 at which `` a choir [made/given] several hymns which added greatly to the evenings enjoyment `` was the last effort to attract more people .

Perhaps the meeting in 1896 at which `` a choir rendered several hymns which added greatly to the evenings enjoyment `` was the last effort to attract more people .
perhaps the meeting in 1896 at which `` a choir [made/given] several hymns which added greatly to the evenings enjoyment `` was the last effort to attract more people .

" This Meeting having considered an overture of the Kirk Session of Bowmore … respecting the procuring of Mortcloths for the better and ordinary Classes of people … do hereby agree to Guarrantee to the said Kirk Session , that whatever sum shall be laid out in the purchase of the said Mortcloths , the Princl. sum and interest shall be reapid to the Session , before they are rendered unfit for use … The Kirk Treasurer was told to charge " for the best 5/- each time it is used , and at the rate of 2/- each time for the Coarser one . "
" this meeting having considered an overture of the kirk session of bowmore … respecting the procuring of mortcloths for the better and ordinary classes of people … do hereby agree to guarrantee to the said kirk session , that whatever sum shall be laid out in the purchase of the said mortcloths , the princl. sum and interest shall be reapid to the session , before they are [made/given] unfit for use … the kirk treasurer was told to charge " for the best 5/- each time it is used , and at the rate of 2/- each time for the coarser one . "

1815 `` The Meeting concieving it to be highly usefull that the Road from Portaskaig should be rendered complete , do willingly Stent themselves in the sum here stated . ``
1815 `` the meeting concieving it to be highly usefull that the road from portaskaig should be [made/given] complete , do willingly stent themselves in the sum here stated . ``

Fortunately Professor Kerney obliged and `` greatly delighted the company with a recitation in natural signs which was beautifully rendered `` .
fortunately professor kerney obliged and `` greatly delighted the company with a recitation in natural signs which was beautifully [made/given] `` .

The specificity of literature , as Bukharin resolutely argued at the 1934 Congress , must be retained if the ideological effect of literature is itself not to be rendered impotent .
the specificity of literature , as bukharin resolutely argued at the 1934 congress , must be retained if the ideological effect of literature is itself not to be [made/given] impotent .

Disorganised , fragmented , rendered politically docile by the exigencies of late nineteenth-century capitalist industrialisation , the working class seemed totally dehumanised by the work process .
disorganised , fragmented , [made/given] politically docile by the exigencies of late nineteenth-century capitalist industrialisation , the working class seemed totally dehumanised by the work process .

One of the most important components of the legal framework created by parliament for their protection will have been rendered ineffectual for them .
one of the most important components of the legal framework created by parliament for their protection will have been [made/given] ineffectual for them .

Bowler 's likeness is rendered with precision and delicacy and his good looks are offset by the painterly handling of his white shirt .
bowler 's likeness is [made/given] with precision and delicacy and his good looks are offset by the painterly handling of his white shirt .

Minton , though he rendered them with a Chinese delicacy , despaired at the sight of so many fir trees and did less sketching than was usual on his trips abroad .
minton , though he [made/given] them with a chinese delicacy , despaired at the sight of so many fir trees and did less sketching than was usual on his trips abroad .

At the same time the representatives of the organized working class are either being excluded from such bodies or rendered impotent in influencing their operations .
at the same time the representatives of the organized working class are either being excluded from such bodies or [made/given] impotent in influencing their operations .

It has been persistently asserted by policy-makers , some administrative law scholars , and those concerned with the administration of tribunals , that the informality of tribunals , their simplicity , and their accessibility , have rendered representation both unnecessary and undesirable .
it has been persistently asserted by policy-makers , some administrative law scholars , and those concerned with the administration of tribunals , that the informality of tribunals , their simplicity , and their accessibility , have [made/given] representation both unnecessary and undesirable .

More radically in the case of chantries , lights and other alms , not only alienation , but simple and protracted failure to meet the conditions rendered the gift liable to recovery by the donor .
more radically in the case of chantries , lights and other alms , not only alienation , but simple and protracted failure to meet the conditions [made/given] the gift liable to recovery by the donor .

On his return Geoffrey should have been waiting in the wings to assist him into his pirate coat — the hook attached to the sleeve rendered it cumbersome .
on his return geoffrey should have been waiting in the wings to assist him into his pirate coat — the hook attached to the sleeve [made/given] it cumbersome .

He submitted , however , that the Act of 1976 removed the need for judicial intervention and , indeed , rendered it inappropriate .
he submitted , however , that the act of 1976 removed the need for judicial intervention and , indeed , [made/given] it inappropriate .

For the plaintiffs it is submitted that the action of the employee valuer in exercising his professional skill and judgment in providing a basic valuation for consideration by the assessor is not action taken by the society but a service rendered to the society by a professional man as such , even though he is also an employee .
for the plaintiffs it is submitted that the action of the employee valuer in exercising his professional skill and judgment in providing a basic valuation for consideration by the assessor is not action taken by the society but a service [made/given] to the society by a professional man as such , even though he is also an employee .

The defendant submitted , consistently with the conduct of the defence at the trial , that the trial judge ought not to have excluded his evidence , or any other admissible evidence which he could have elicited by cross-examination , tending to show that Paulette was addicted to drugs in the form of cocaine and ganja cigarettes , the defendant 's object being to show that Paulette 's conduct just before the shooting rendered more credible the now irrelevant defence of provocation and the defence of accident .
the defendant submitted , consistently with the conduct of the defence at the trial , that the trial judge ought not to have excluded his evidence , or any other admissible evidence which he could have elicited by cross-examination , tending to show that paulette was addicted to drugs in the form of cocaine and ganja cigarettes , the defendant 's object being to show that paulette 's conduct just before the shooting [made/given] more credible the now irrelevant defence of provocation and the defence of accident .

The alleged swindle took the form of charging Wessex for computer services which had not been rendered and double charging for services which had been rendered by a multiplication of invoices and false entries .
the alleged swindle took the form of charging wessex for computer services which had not been [made/given] and double charging for services which had been [made/given] by a multiplication of invoices and false entries .

Under a similar provision in the Bankruptcy Act 1914 it had been held that a defect in a bankruptcy notice of a kind such as could reasonably mislead the debtor was not a mere formal defect or irregularity within the meaning of that provision , and therefore rendered the notice a nullity even though it was not calculated to cause substantial injustice .
under a similar provision in the bankruptcy act 1914 it had been held that a defect in a bankruptcy notice of a kind such as could reasonably mislead the debtor was not a mere formal defect or irregularity within the meaning of that provision , and therefore [made/given] the notice a nullity even though it was not calculated to cause substantial injustice .

‘ The tenancy shall continue until the said land is required by the council for the purposes of the widening of Walworth Road and the street paving works rendered necessary thereby and the council shall give two months ' notice to the tenant at least prior to the day of determination when the said land is so required and thereupon the tenant shall give vacant possession to the council of the said land …
‘ the tenancy shall continue until the said land is required by the council for the purposes of the widening of walworth road and the street paving works [made/given] necessary thereby and the council shall give two months ' notice to the tenant at least prior to the day of determination when the said land is so required and thereupon the tenant shall give vacant possession to the council of the said land …

Essentially the profit-making activity was carried on and the services , being the provision of the rights , were rendered outside Hong Kong .
essentially the profit-making activity was carried on and the services , being the provision of the rights , were [made/given] outside hong kong .

If he has rendered a service or engaged in an activity such as the manufacture of goods , the profit will have arisen or derived from the place where the service was rendered or the profit making activity carried on .
if he has [made/given] a service or engaged in an activity such as the manufacture of goods , the profit will have arisen or derived from the place where the service was [made/given] or the profit making activity carried on .

But the lack of this diversification in the past has rendered a number of artists completely impotent .
but the lack of this diversification in the past has [made/given] a number of artists completely impotent .

The intensity of Käthè Kollwitz ‘ representations of the poor , the grieving , and the anger has rendered problematic the interpretation of the objects which she produced and of the subjects under her scrutiny .
the intensity of käthè kollwitz ‘ representations of the poor , the grieving , and the anger has [made/given] problematic the interpretation of the objects which she produced and of the subjects under her scrutiny .

From there , if and when it became possible , he would be taken to the castle at Soragna where the Principessa Meli Lupi was prepared to take him on in the guise of a gardener — a refugee who had been rendered deaf and dumb in the bombing of Milan .
from there , if and when it became possible , he would be taken to the castle at soragna where the principessa meli lupi was prepared to take him on in the guise of a gardener — a refugee who had been [made/given] deaf and dumb in the bombing of milan .

Every legitimate group secures its fair share and the equilibrium of interest-group interaction provides for public policy that is a reasonable approximation of society 's preferences so securing the general interest at the same time as the overall system is rendered stable and legitimate .
every legitimate group secures its fair share and the equilibrium of interest-group interaction provides for public policy that is a reasonable approximation of society 's preferences so securing the general interest at the same time as the overall system is [made/given] stable and legitimate .

Simply expressed , the accountability , or responsibility , of single-party government to the people a responsibility that has been of the very essence of our system of parliamentary democracy-would be rendered less likely with proportional representation .
simply expressed , the accountability , or responsibility , of single-party government to the people a responsibility that has been of the very essence of our system of parliamentary democracy-would be [made/given] less likely with proportional representation .

‘ Do n't … ’ What was she doing ? What was she saying ? Somewhere in the far regions of her mind a voice was screaming warnings , but she closed her ears to it , as if some insidious substance in the night air had rendered her brain oblivious to reason .
‘ do n't … ’ what was she doing ? what was she saying ? somewhere in the far regions of her mind a voice was screaming warnings , but she closed her ears to it , as if some insidious substance in the night air had [made/given] her brain oblivious to reason .

Our culture may have rendered natural selection relatively irrelevant .
our culture may have [made/given] natural selection relatively irrelevant .

Undoubtedly their ancestry rendered dogs particularly good pets .
undoubtedly their ancestry [made/given] dogs particularly good pets .

But what comes across from the letters is an overwhelming ignorance about female physiology and sexuality , the difficulty of gaining access to information , and a lack of privacy in their homes that would have rendered the use of female methods of birth control extremely difficult .
but what comes across from the letters is an overwhelming ignorance about female physiology and sexuality , the difficulty of gaining access to information , and a lack of privacy in their homes that would have [made/given] the use of female methods of birth control extremely difficult .

In accepting that the world occupied by a majority of adult women would be different from that of men , feminists distinguished themselves from the mainstream of opinion only by their refusal to accept that women 's role was thereby rendered inferior .
in accepting that the world occupied by a majority of adult women would be different from that of men , feminists distinguished themselves from the mainstream of opinion only by their refusal to accept that women 's role was thereby [made/given] inferior .

While both painters , and Picasso in particular , led active social lives and mixed with a wide circle of literary and artistic figures , their friendship seems to have rendered them self-sufficient .
while both painters , and picasso in particular , led active social lives and mixed with a wide circle of literary and artistic figures , their friendship seems to have [made/given] them self-sufficient .

But at the same time the painter now felt compelled to give in every painting a multiplicity of information about the formal properties of his subject , and this in turn rendered his task in some ways more complex than it had been hitherto .
but at the same time the painter now felt compelled to give in every painting a multiplicity of information about the formal properties of his subject , and this in turn [made/given] his task in some ways more complex than it had been hitherto .

Then again the painting illustrates in a very concrete fashion the pull Picasso felt between the desire to give forms an explicit , volumetrical treatment , and the need to flatten them up onto the picture plane ( compare , for example , the almost sculptural treatment of the breasts and the arms with that of the head , which is rendered in terms of two flat planes ) .
then again the painting illustrates in a very concrete fashion the pull picasso felt between the desire to give forms an explicit , volumetrical treatment , and the need to flatten them up onto the picture plane ( compare , for example , the almost sculptural treatment of the breasts and the arms with that of the head , which is [made/given] in terms of two flat planes ) .

There were however a number of ways in which , having correctly begun the inquiry , the tribunal could do something which rendered its decision a nullity .
there were however a number of ways in which , having correctly begun the inquiry , the tribunal could do something which [made/given] its decision a nullity .

The simple reason is that the safety net function it performs is only rendered necessary by a semantic sleight of hand : we think we need the net because our original conceptions of propriety of purpose or relevancy are drawn unrealistically wide , thus allowing cases to ‘ tumble through .
the simple reason is that the safety net function it performs is only [made/given] necessary by a semantic sleight of hand : we think we need the net because our original conceptions of propriety of purpose or relevancy are drawn unrealistically wide , thus allowing cases to ‘ tumble through .

The ordinary , honest , good-humoured people who had lived under the protection of the Wolfkings and rendered them allegiance .
the ordinary , honest , good-humoured people who had lived under the protection of the wolfkings and [made/given] them allegiance .

Fenella looked at Floy and remembered about the Robemaker and the way he had captured Nuadu and rendered them all helpless , and about the exiled Court and the sidh and the Tree Spirits that Miach had almost awoken , and which might turn out not to be friends , but enemies .
fenella looked at floy and remembered about the robemaker and the way he had captured nuadu and [made/given] them all helpless , and about the exiled court and the sidh and the tree spirits that miach had almost awoken , and which might turn out not to be friends , but enemies .

And then : he has rendered up countless souls to the creatures of the Cruachan Caves , thought Nuadu . Why , then , has he not been released ?
and then : he has [made/given] up countless souls to the creatures of the cruachan caves , thought nuadu . why , then , has he not been released ?

‘ With those two souls placed on the Scales of Sorcery and rendered to the Soul Eaters , my debt will have been paid .
‘ with those two souls placed on the scales of sorcery and [made/given] to the soul eaters , my debt will have been paid .

Fees and charges are payments made to service providers for services rendered .
fees and charges are payments made to service providers for services [made/given] .

Johnson complained of having been rendered exhausted by Sir Alexander 's over-zealous efforts to entertain him .
johnson complained of having been [made/given] exhausted by sir alexander 's over-zealous efforts to entertain him .

If , in Nabokov 's assertion , a writer may be a storyteller , a teacher , or an enchanter , and a great writer all three — Dr Johnson , even in this academic territory , long rendered prosaic and often inaccessible by other writers , was already a great writer at the age of thirty-five .
if , in nabokov 's assertion , a writer may be a storyteller , a teacher , or an enchanter , and a great writer all three — dr johnson , even in this academic territory , long [made/given] prosaic and often inaccessible by other writers , was already a great writer at the age of thirty-five .

It came about because , after an early night in the same bed as that slept in by the Prince , Dr Johnson , who had a cold and had been rendered a little deaf by it , ‘ spoke of Prince Charles being here , and asked Mrs Macdonald , ‘ Who was with him ?
it came about because , after an early night in the same bed as that slept in by the prince , dr johnson , who had a cold and had been [made/given] a little deaf by it , ‘ spoke of prince charles being here , and asked mrs macdonald , ‘ who was with him ?

Boswell 's father had rendered Lady Macleod of Dunvegan some legal service in a dispute with the laird of Brodie and James basked in the repayment of the compliment .
boswell 's father had [made/given] lady macleod of dunvegan some legal service in a dispute with the laird of brodie and james basked in the repayment of the compliment .

When the convoys of coke lorries arrived , any attempt at picketing was rendered ineffectual : whenever serious pushing was exerted against police lines , snatch squads were instantly deployed .
when the convoys of coke lorries arrived , any attempt at picketing was [made/given] ineffectual : whenever serious pushing was exerted against police lines , snatch squads were instantly deployed .

The linguistic transformation known as object deletion is used to ensure that instances of police aggression are rendered more palatable .
the linguistic transformation known as object deletion is used to ensure that instances of police aggression are [made/given] more palatable .

‘ The Pavilion is always rendered perfectly comfortable by patent stoves ’ .
‘ the pavilion is always [made/given] perfectly comfortable by patent stoves ’ .

At the end of that month Colonel Fergusson imparted the news that the Frenchy picture at the Rotunda had closed for lack of spectators , whereas Messrs Marshall 's Peristrephic Panorama was still being shown three times a day to audiences rendered perfectly comfortable by patent stoves .
at the end of that month colonel fergusson imparted the news that the frenchy picture at the rotunda had closed for lack of spectators , whereas messrs marshall 's peristrephic panorama was still being shown three times a day to audiences [made/given] perfectly comfortable by patent stoves .

The pure juice of Noah 's vine we came in search of has been rendered impure .
the pure juice of noah 's vine we came in search of has been [made/given] impure .

When a contemporary narrator hesitates , claims uncertainty , misunderstands , plays games and falls into error , does the reader in fact conclude that reality is being more authentically rendered ?
when a contemporary narrator hesitates , claims uncertainty , misunderstands , plays games and falls into error , does the reader in fact conclude that reality is being more authentically [made/given] ?

In his discussion of the metaphor ‘ man is a wolf ’ , Black describes the work of metaphor in discursive terms : ‘ Any human traits that can without undue strain be talked about in ‘ wolf-language ’ will be rendered prominent , and any that can not will be pushed into the background ' ( 41 ) .
in his discussion of the metaphor ‘ man is a wolf ’ , black describes the work of metaphor in discursive terms : ‘ any human traits that can without undue strain be talked about in ‘ wolf-language ’ will be [made/given] prominent , and any that can not will be pushed into the background ' ( 41 ) .

The property comprises a family residence built of traditional two storey brick construction surmounted by a new roof with pleasing front elevation having leaded light windows , full height projecting bay window with weather boarding relief at canopy porch , pedestrian side access and garage with rough cast rendered gable above .
the property comprises a family residence built of traditional two storey brick construction surmounted by a new roof with pleasing front elevation having leaded light windows , full height projecting bay window with weather boarding relief at canopy porch , pedestrian side access and garage with rough cast [made/given] gable above .

The wives were a suspicious lot and hid the trinkets and baubles , given to them by the Maharajah for services rendered , from each other .
the wives were a suspicious lot and hid the trinkets and baubles , given to them by the maharajah for services [made/given] , from each other .

It seems self-evident that war , and the authority of the military and security men , have rendered most of us mere passive spectators because we are powerless to change the course of the story ; but also because in the end the war , like national public life , has been put on for our benefit .
it seems self-evident that war , and the authority of the military and security men , have [made/given] most of us mere passive spectators because we are powerless to change the course of the story ; but also because in the end the war , like national public life , has been put on for our benefit .

The Lancet 's sustained opposition to the first women doctors , the ‘ advance guard of the Amazonian army ’ as it dubbed them , was argued on the grounds that young ladies would be rendered indelicate , and by implication immoral , by attending lectures and dissections on human anatomy and pathology .
the lancet 's sustained opposition to the first women doctors , the ‘ advance guard of the amazonian army ’ as it dubbed them , was argued on the grounds that young ladies would be [made/given] indelicate , and by implication immoral , by attending lectures and dissections on human anatomy and pathology .

The fact was that the central parts of cities had confused land-use patterns and other features which rendered necessary some new , speedy coordinating hand to control the renewal process .
the fact was that the central parts of cities had confused land-use patterns and other features which [made/given] necessary some new , speedy coordinating hand to control the renewal process .

At others the realization that both of them were now dead rendered their words distant and ethereal .
at others the realization that both of them were now dead [made/given] their words distant and ethereal .

What had rendered her and Tristram 's literary fraud trivial by comparison ?
what had [made/given] her and tristram 's literary fraud trivial by comparison ?

‘ They know he did it , Derek . Where did he get the money to set himself up with a yacht in Burnham-on-bloody-Crouch if it was n't a pay-off from Maurice Abberley for services rendered ? ’
‘ they know he did it , derek . where did he get the money to set himself up with a yacht in burnham-on-bloody-crouch if it was n't a pay-off from maurice abberley for services [made/given] ? ’

The defending Englishmen were clustered in groups of three at intervals around thirty yards apart , strung out along the stockade itself and its command lookouts ; in the stream that passed through the settlement , and bounded the headland where Belmont 's Great House now commanded the rise , they stood in a double row to bar access to the settlement by that approach ; in the mangroves at the mouth of the stream two young sentries kept watch , though the prevailing easterly breeze rendered it unlikely , the English commanders decided , that the islanders ' attack would come from the sea on that shore .
the defending englishmen were clustered in groups of three at intervals around thirty yards apart , strung out along the stockade itself and its command lookouts ; in the stream that passed through the settlement , and bounded the headland where belmont 's great house now commanded the rise , they stood in a double row to bar access to the settlement by that approach ; in the mangroves at the mouth of the stream two young sentries kept watch , though the prevailing easterly breeze [made/given] it unlikely , the english commanders decided , that the islanders ' attack would come from the sea on that shore .

Miranda taller , with her bushy hair and colouring that the Italians whose paintings she 'd been looking at in the Louvre rendered by priming the canvas with a copper-based green paint , creating a complexion that draws light in rather than gives it out ; Xanthe beside her with her candy radiance of pink and gold , and rounder too , more neatly assembled , wrist to hand , neck to shoulders , ankle to foot .
miranda taller , with her bushy hair and colouring that the italians whose paintings she 'd been looking at in the louvre [made/given] by priming the canvas with a copper-based green paint , creating a complexion that draws light in rather than gives it out ; xanthe beside her with her candy radiance of pink and gold , and rounder too , more neatly assembled , wrist to hand , neck to shoulders , ankle to foot .

Automatic fire fighting installations capable of achieving total control and extinguishment appear to be the only answer but because of the almost total reliance which must be placed on their automatic capability there appears to be a need for greater flexibility in use than totally automatic operation would provide , and particularly to ensure that an entire system is not rendered inoperative by some local effect .
automatic fire fighting installations capable of achieving total control and extinguishment appear to be the only answer but because of the almost total reliance which must be placed on their automatic capability there appears to be a need for greater flexibility in use than totally automatic operation would provide , and particularly to ensure that an entire system is not [made/given] inoperative by some local effect .

One of his training runs over a mile was timed at 4 minutes 9.8 seconds but the absence of opposition and official timekeepers rendered the mark unofficial .
one of his training runs over a mile was timed at 4 minutes 9.8 seconds but the absence of opposition and official timekeepers [made/given] the mark unofficial .

Illness rendered Clarke inactive in the 1700s .
illness [made/given] clarke inactive in the 1700s .

It was because of this interest that he was awarded a Red Cross medal for services rendered to the sick and wounded during the Franco-Prussian war .
it was because of this interest that he was awarded a red cross medal for services [made/given] to the sick and wounded during the franco-prussian war .

In what purports to be his will ( 9 May 1313 ) , which is singular in style , Schorne spoke of old age and rendered to God what was God 's ( his soul ) , to the earth what was the earth 's ( his body , in a tomb he had designated before the high altar of North Marston ) , and his goods to be divided between intercessors and the poor , for the welfare of his soul .
in what purports to be his will ( 9 may 1313 ) , which is singular in style , schorne spoke of old age and [made/given] to god what was god 's ( his soul ) , to the earth what was the earth 's ( his body , in a tomb he had designated before the high altar of north marston ) , and his goods to be divided between intercessors and the poor , for the welfare of his soul .

He rendered great services to the Royal Asiatic Society ( president 1952–5 , gold medallist 1953 ) and the Philological Society ( treasurer 1931–62 , president 1939–43 ) .
he [made/given] great services to the royal asiatic society ( president 1952–5 , gold medallist 1953 ) and the philological society ( treasurer 1931–62 , president 1939–43 ) .

Bromhead rendered further service to mathematics through his support of two outstanding self-taught mathematicians from the east midlands , George Green and George Boole [ qq.v . ]
bromhead [made/given] further service to mathematics through his support of two outstanding self-taught mathematicians from the east midlands , george green and george boole [ qq.v . ]

What we mean by this is whether a syntactic analysis is carried out even when it is rendered unnecessary for sentence comprehension by the presence of semantic or pragmatic factors .
what we mean by this is whether a syntactic analysis is carried out even when it is [made/given] unnecessary for sentence comprehension by the presence of semantic or pragmatic factors .

Fortunately , it has been found that flint pebbles with surface layers of ferric oxide can be rendered radioactive and this eliminates much of the laboriousness of the earlier experiments .
fortunately , it has been found that flint pebbles with surface layers of ferric oxide can be [made/given] radioactive and this eliminates much of the laboriousness of the earlier experiments .

No gender differences were in fact detected , but the assessment system was rendered less liable to such biases staff were sensitized to their existence and nature and the course was able to give itself a clean bill of health without any special data collection effort being required .
no gender differences were in fact detected , but the assessment system was [made/given] less liable to such biases staff were sensitized to their existence and nature and the course was able to give itself a clean bill of health without any special data collection effort being required .

These costs are paid straight into the Legal Aid Fund and go to defray the actual costs of the action in the accounts rendered to the Fund by solicitors and counsel acting for the assisted party .
these costs are paid straight into the legal aid fund and go to defray the actual costs of the action in the accounts [made/given] to the fund by solicitors and counsel acting for the assisted party .

Viennese painting and literature never rendered the sometimes brutal urban landscapes of their French counterparts .
viennese painting and literature never [made/given] the sometimes brutal urban landscapes of their french counterparts .

It could be expanded to cover certain forms of oral sex as well as vaginal and anal penetration by objects or parts of the body and could be rendered gender neutral .
it could be expanded to cover certain forms of oral sex as well as vaginal and anal penetration by objects or parts of the body and could be [made/given] gender neutral .

… if the law deems the woman to have consented to the act despite ample evidence of threats which rendered her submissive but non-consenting , then the law can not be said to be serving its true function of protecting individuals from the imposition of non-consensual sexual intercourse .
… if the law deems the woman to have consented to the act despite ample evidence of threats which [made/given] her submissive but non-consenting , then the law can not be said to be serving its true function of protecting individuals from the imposition of non-consensual sexual intercourse .

With this offence , the conceptual and linguistic problem raised by Olugboja of distinguishing consent from submission is avoided and the task of the prosecution rendered far easier .
with this offence , the conceptual and linguistic problem raised by olugboja of distinguishing consent from submission is avoided and the task of the prosecution [made/given] far easier .

If sexual assault convictions are rendered easier to acquire , because , for example , of restrictions on sexual history evidence , guilty pleas become more likely .
if sexual assault convictions are [made/given] easier to acquire , because , for example , of restrictions on sexual history evidence , guilty pleas become more likely .

Carbon dioxide could be rendered harmless as a greenhouse gas by pumping it into the sea , according to consultant physicist Raymond Harrowell .
carbon dioxide could be [made/given] harmless as a greenhouse gas by pumping it into the sea , according to consultant physicist raymond harrowell .

Work of such quality remains a rarity in Roman Britain.10 The eyes and the cheeks are exceptionally well rendered , recalling the treatment of the legs of the Cupids .
work of such quality remains a rarity in roman britain.10 the eyes and the cheeks are exceptionally well [made/given] , recalling the treatment of the legs of the cupids .

In ordinary language , this ordered pair can be rendered as follows : the satisfaction of readers is dependent on their judgement of the processing effort required to derive a reading as well as on the perceived effort put into the writing of the text ; the reader 's judgement of the author 's satisfaction is similarly dependent on the perceived costs to the writer as well as the notion of the writer gaining satisfaction from the reader 's effort and enjoyment of the text .
in ordinary language , this ordered pair can be [made/given] as follows : the satisfaction of readers is dependent on their judgement of the processing effort required to derive a reading as well as on the perceived effort put into the writing of the text ; the reader 's judgement of the author 's satisfaction is similarly dependent on the perceived costs to the writer as well as the notion of the writer gaining satisfaction from the reader 's effort and enjoyment of the text .

The clause could be amended to read as follows : The Landlord covenants with the Tenant to insure the Centre and all parts thereof except during such periods as the insurance shall be rendered ineffectual or avoided by any act of the Tenant
the clause could be amended to read as follows : the landlord covenants with the tenant to insure the centre and all parts thereof except during such periods as the insurance shall be [made/given] ineffectual or avoided by any act of the tenant

7.5.2 When the circumstances contemplated in clause 7.5.1 arise the rents or a fair proportion of the rents according to the nature and the extent of the damage sustained shall cease to be payable until the date which falls 3 months after the date when the Premises with essential accesses and services are again rendered fit for occupation and use and a due proportion of the rents paid in advance shall be refunded to the Tenant any dispute as to such proportion or the period during which the rents shall cease to be payable to be determined in accordance with the Arbitration Acts 1950 to 1979 by an arbitrator to be appointed by agreement between the parties or in default by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors upon the application of either party
7.5.2 when the circumstances contemplated in clause 7.5.1 arise the rents or a fair proportion of the rents according to the nature and the extent of the damage sustained shall cease to be payable until the date which falls 3 months after the date when the premises with essential accesses and services are again [made/given] fit for occupation and use and a due proportion of the rents paid in advance shall be refunded to the tenant any dispute as to such proportion or the period during which the rents shall cease to be payable to be determined in accordance with the arbitration acts 1950 to 1979 by an arbitrator to be appointed by agreement between the parties or in default by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors upon the application of either party

4 Entry The right for the Tenant and all persons expressly or by implication authorised by the Tenant to enter upon other parts of the Centre and ( if any ) the Adjoining Property to carry out works to the Premises where such works would otherwise not be possible , or may be possible but rendered more expensive than they would otherwise be if this right was available The problem of access over a neighbour 's land has been greatly alleviated by the passage of the Access to Neighbouring Land Act 1992 which sets out a procedure whereby a person may obtain a court order permitting access to a neighbour 's property in order to carry out works to protect , repair or maintain their property in circumstances where the neighbour refuses consent to such access .
4 entry the right for the tenant and all persons expressly or by implication authorised by the tenant to enter upon other parts of the centre and ( if any ) the adjoining property to carry out works to the premises where such works would otherwise not be possible , or may be possible but [made/given] more expensive than they would otherwise be if this right was available the problem of access over a neighbour 's land has been greatly alleviated by the passage of the access to neighbouring land act 1992 which sets out a procedure whereby a person may obtain a court order permitting access to a neighbour 's property in order to carry out works to protect , repair or maintain their property in circumstances where the neighbour refuses consent to such access .

From the drafter 's point of view there is clearly nothing that can be done to save a clause rendered ineffective by the Act ; however , where a clause is subject to a test of reasonableness ( which will be more common in relation to clauses included in standard terms ) the drafter should try to ensure that the clause can satisfy the test .
from the drafter 's point of view there is clearly nothing that can be done to save a clause [made/given] ineffective by the act ; however , where a clause is subject to a test of reasonableness ( which will be more common in relation to clauses included in standard terms ) the drafter should try to ensure that the clause can satisfy the test .

Since , the `` Commando `` had a clear warning that the contents should not be used after a certain time , this was deemed to put the plaintiff on notice not to use the herbicide and he could not complain that his own misunderstanding of the consequences of ignoring the warning had rendered the herbicide unfit for the purpose which it was supplied .
since , the `` commando `` had a clear warning that the contents should not be used after a certain time , this was deemed to put the plaintiff on notice not to use the herbicide and he could not complain that his own misunderstanding of the consequences of ignoring the warning had [made/given] the herbicide unfit for the purpose which it was supplied .

Her sister 's illness had taken its toll on her looks and they had all spent some very traumatic moments helping her to come to terms with the debilitating condition which had now rendered her legs virtually useless .
her sister 's illness had taken its toll on her looks and they had all spent some very traumatic moments helping her to come to terms with the debilitating condition which had now [made/given] her legs virtually useless .

She had shuddered at the thought of trying to explain her feelings to her parents and her sister , but then David 's heartless implication that Jennifer was n't worth her concern had shocked her beyond measure . If he could behave like that towards a woman he had once loved , a woman rendered helpless , what could she herself expect in the future ?
she had shuddered at the thought of trying to explain her feelings to her parents and her sister , but then david 's heartless implication that jennifer was n't worth her concern had shocked her beyond measure . if he could behave like that towards a woman he had once loved , a woman [made/given] helpless , what could she herself expect in the future ?

Generally , unripe fruits are rendered unpalatable by the tannins that precipitate salivary mucoproteins and cause astringency .
generally , unripe fruits are [made/given] unpalatable by the tannins that precipitate salivary mucoproteins and cause astringency .

Passages with presumably purposeful dots should be rendered gracefully , without sharpness , from ‘ snow ’ to light ‘ rain ’
passages with presumably purposeful dots should be [made/given] gracefully , without sharpness , from ‘ snow ’ to light ‘ rain ’

William Malloch tries to prove that Haydn 's and Mozart 's minuets are being played much too slowly and ought to be rendered at considerably faster speeds .
william malloch tries to prove that haydn 's and mozart 's minuets are being played much too slowly and ought to be [made/given] at considerably faster speeds .

This critic apparently knows that it is a birthright of every English person to enter a cathedral in winter and hear the sound of voices , rendered seraphic by the spacious acoustic , singing to almost nobody .
this critic apparently knows that it is a birthright of every english person to enter a cathedral in winter and hear the sound of voices , [made/given] seraphic by the spacious acoustic , singing to almost nobody .

Even harder to ignore the fact that her reluctant , brooding host was all male , with an attraction rendered more rather than less dangerous by his current attitude towards the female sex .
even harder to ignore the fact that her reluctant , brooding host was all male , with an attraction [made/given] more rather than less dangerous by his current attitude towards the female sex .

There was an expression of terrible natural justice , and she was rendered breathless by a profound understanding of just why lions were seen as kings .
there was an expression of terrible natural justice , and she was [made/given] breathless by a profound understanding of just why lions were seen as kings .

He thought her pain was physical , of course , and his voice was only rendered husky by the sexual experience he had just had .
he thought her pain was physical , of course , and his voice was only [made/given] husky by the sexual experience he had just had .

‘ No , thank you , ’ Rachel said in a voice rendered blank with shock , and reached out a hand to the telephone beside the bureau . ‘ Hello … ? ’
‘ no , thank you , ’ rachel said in a voice [made/given] blank with shock , and reached out a hand to the telephone beside the bureau . ‘ hello … ? ’

The pace of technological change has already rendered obsolete many items that few would argue amongst the worth of preserving .
the pace of technological change has already [made/given] obsolete many items that few would argue amongst the worth of preserving .

In the case of debts , a copy of or repetition of the plaintiff 's bill or account is accepted ( Ord 6 , r 2 ) ; otherwise the particulars of claim could state `` for goods sold and delivered `` , or `` for work done and materials supplied `` with particulars ; to say `` account rendered `` would not be sufficient .
in the case of debts , a copy of or repetition of the plaintiff 's bill or account is accepted ( ord 6 , r 2 ) ; otherwise the particulars of claim could state `` for goods sold and delivered `` , or `` for work done and materials supplied `` with particulars ; to say `` account [made/given] `` would not be sufficient .

The wife is commonly , these days , a secondary source of income to the family and the loss of her income is something that should be taken into account when the claim comes to be made , together with , most importantly , the loss of the services the wife has gratuitously rendered to her family .
the wife is commonly , these days , a secondary source of income to the family and the loss of her income is something that should be taken into account when the claim comes to be made , together with , most importantly , the loss of the services the wife has gratuitously [made/given] to her family .

Where a plaintiff 's injuries have rendered him incapable of managing his affairs , Court of Protection fees are recoverable as an expense caused by the injuries ( see Kemp & Kemp , Vol 1 , para 5/008/11 ) .
where a plaintiff 's injuries have [made/given] him incapable of managing his affairs , court of protection fees are recoverable as an expense caused by the injuries ( see kemp & kemp , vol 1 , para 5/008/11 ) .

This should be seen as `` payments for services rendered `` rather than aid .
this should be seen as `` payments for services [made/given] `` rather than aid .

When confronted with the actual ending , all the groups were surprised and many felt that ( b ) rendered the story incomplete , or , at least , indeterminate .
when confronted with the actual ending , all the groups were surprised and many felt that ( b ) [made/given] the story incomplete , or , at least , indeterminate .

And since for the successful confection and storage of many , although not all , potted meats and fish , clarified butter is a necessary adjunct , it seems only fair to warn readers that the process does involve a little bother , although a trifling one compared to the services rendered by a supply of this highly satisfactory sealing , mixing , and incidentally , frying ingredient .
and since for the successful confection and storage of many , although not all , potted meats and fish , clarified butter is a necessary adjunct , it seems only fair to warn readers that the process does involve a little bother , although a trifling one compared to the services [made/given] by a supply of this highly satisfactory sealing , mixing , and incidentally , frying ingredient .

In February 1940 he had raised the possibility with Read of starting a group of `` Anglo-French `` intellectuals , with headquarters both in London and Paris , but Hitler 's invasion of France rendered the idea inoperable .
in february 1940 he had raised the possibility with read of starting a group of `` anglo-french `` intellectuals , with headquarters both in london and paris , but hitler 's invasion of france [made/given] the idea inoperable .

His family had protected him when he was a child and youth , and the search for another such secure haven was one of the dominant notes of his life : both in its denial during his marriage to Vivien which rendered him so anxious and insecure , and in its triumphant restitution at the end of his life .
his family had protected him when he was a child and youth , and the search for another such secure haven was one of the dominant notes of his life : both in its denial during his marriage to vivien which [made/given] him so anxious and insecure , and in its triumphant restitution at the end of his life .

The essential elements of the political economic system are : first , that the Government is accountable to an electorate composed of all adult men and women and so liable , if the electorate judges unsatisfactory the account rendered , to be dismissed from office and replaced by another administration ; and secondly , that wages are determined by free collective bargaining in the labour market .
the essential elements of the political economic system are : first , that the government is accountable to an electorate composed of all adult men and women and so liable , if the electorate judges unsatisfactory the account [made/given] , to be dismissed from office and replaced by another administration ; and secondly , that wages are determined by free collective bargaining in the labour market .

Purgatory , according to Roman Catholic faith , was a state of suffering after death in which the souls of those who died in venial sin , and of those who still owed some debt of temporal punishment for mortal sin , were rendered fit for heaven .
purgatory , according to roman catholic faith , was a state of suffering after death in which the souls of those who died in venial sin , and of those who still owed some debt of temporal punishment for mortal sin , were [made/given] fit for heaven .

The quotation is from the Roman poet Ovid ( Epistulae ex Ponto , 2.9.4718 ) and may be rendered `` to have studied faithfully the liberal arts refines the character and forbids it to be uncouth `` .
the quotation is from the roman poet ovid ( epistulae ex ponto , 2.9.4718 ) and may be [made/given] `` to have studied faithfully the liberal arts refines the character and forbids it to be uncouth `` .

The former was never seriously in the running , for it would have involved the demolition of the caretaker 's house and garage , removed the First Forms ' playground and provided no new classrooms : indeed , if built , it would have rendered the 1937 extension itself too dark for further use .
the former was never seriously in the running , for it would have involved the demolition of the caretaker 's house and garage , removed the first forms ' playground and provided no new classrooms : indeed , if built , it would have [made/given] the 1937 extension itself too dark for further use .

The formulae are , however , rendered much simpler if we have only line bordering , i.e .
the formulae are , however , [made/given] much simpler if we have only line bordering , i.e .

Such a course of action was rendered inconceivable by virtue of the Report 's reliance upon a discourse on art to legitimize the centrality to be accorded English within the curriculum .
such a course of action was [made/given] inconceivable by virtue of the report 's reliance upon a discourse on art to legitimize the centrality to be accorded english within the curriculum .

By the end of the period , the professional values of English studies had been rendered synonymous not only with the central moral force of the `` national character `` but also with the moral worthiness of the scholar-critic ( living or dead ) .
by the end of the period , the professional values of english studies had been [made/given] synonymous not only with the central moral force of the `` national character `` but also with the moral worthiness of the scholar-critic ( living or dead ) .

Helen Gardner , writing in 1959 , is more concerned about the continued professionalization of English which has now rendered it a subject closed to all but experts , a condition for which the `` new `` as much as the `` historical `` critics must be blamed .
helen gardner , writing in 1959 , is more concerned about the continued professionalization of english which has now [made/given] it a subject closed to all but experts , a condition for which the `` new `` as much as the `` historical `` critics must be blamed .

Of course , if this could be established , English would be rendered relatively invulnerable to attacks of the kind mounted , for example , by Snow and Collie .
of course , if this could be established , english would be [made/given] relatively invulnerable to attacks of the kind mounted , for example , by snow and collie .

It is clear from the general discussion above , that earlier positions were forged out of identifiable institutional and cultural campaigns and struggles , and indeed the fundamental orientations of pluralism were only rendered explicit in a comparable situation of crisis at the end of the 1970s , by which time the attractions of the new pluralism had long been established .
it is clear from the general discussion above , that earlier positions were forged out of identifiable institutional and cultural campaigns and struggles , and indeed the fundamental orientations of pluralism were only [made/given] explicit in a comparable situation of crisis at the end of the 1970s , by which time the attractions of the new pluralism had long been established .

The enactment of rule 3 ( 7 ) ( as interpreted in the cases ) has rendered the old rules concerning standing to apply for a prerogative order more or less defunct .
the enactment of rule 3 ( 7 ) ( as interpreted in the cases ) has [made/given] the old rules concerning standing to apply for a prerogative order more or less defunct .

Consequently the separation of law and morals is rendered suspect , as is the notion that the content of the law can be read off exhaustively given the sources identified by the rule of recognition .
consequently the separation of law and morals is [made/given] suspect , as is the notion that the content of the law can be read off exhaustively given the sources identified by the rule of recognition .

paying or being paid : demand prompt – ; a cheque in – for services rendered .
paying or being paid : demand prompt – ; a cheque in – for services [made/given] .

The dictates of self-preservation often ensured that the respectable young working woman dissociated herself from the known prostitute , since association with prostitutes rendered a woman 's character suspect to the police and could lead to her name being placed on the registration list .
the dictates of self-preservation often ensured that the respectable young working woman dissociated herself from the known prostitute , since association with prostitutes [made/given] a woman 's character suspect to the police and could lead to her name being placed on the registration list .

Ellie was rendered speechless .
ellie was [made/given] speechless .

Social justice , according to Belloc , could be attained only by destroying the concentration of power and wealth in the hands of a few , which bred inevitable contradictions between the values of self-respect and self-help preached in capitalist society and the material condition of the mass of the population which rendered it impossible for them to practice such principles .
social justice , according to belloc , could be attained only by destroying the concentration of power and wealth in the hands of a few , which bred inevitable contradictions between the values of self-respect and self-help preached in capitalist society and the material condition of the mass of the population which [made/given] it impossible for them to practice such principles .

In the Liberal tradition , Asquith preferred to think of state welfare as a temporary measure which would be rendered unnecessary by the increasing capacity of the population to practice self-help .
in the liberal tradition , asquith preferred to think of state welfare as a temporary measure which would be [made/given] unnecessary by the increasing capacity of the population to practice self-help .

While the Japanese often modified Chinese customs , and domestic developments frequently rendered Japanese practice far removed from the original Chinese model , Chinese-based cultural practices remained highly significant in Japan .
while the japanese often modified chinese customs , and domestic developments frequently [made/given] japanese practice far removed from the original chinese model , chinese-based cultural practices remained highly significant in japan .

Japan believed that the weakness and conservatism of both China and Korea rendered Japan herself more vulnerable .
japan believed that the weakness and conservatism of both china and korea [made/given] japan herself more vulnerable .

While there was an element of imitation of Western territorial imperialism , Japan essentially regarded control of neighbouring territories and resources as fundamental to her own safety and well-being , either for reasons of economic security , or because their weakness and backwardness rendered Japan militarily vulnerable and politically isolated , since such countries were easy prey to third party aggression .
while there was an element of imitation of western territorial imperialism , japan essentially regarded control of neighbouring territories and resources as fundamental to her own safety and well-being , either for reasons of economic security , or because their weakness and backwardness [made/given] japan militarily vulnerable and politically isolated , since such countries were easy prey to third party aggression .

The protectorate agreement came just as the Russo-Japanese War seemed to suggest new hopes of Asian independence , and Japan 's claim to champion the cause of Korean modernization and Asian nationalism was rendered particularly insulting by the brutality with which all manifestations of anti-Japanese sentiment were suppressed under the protectorate .
the protectorate agreement came just as the russo-japanese war seemed to suggest new hopes of asian independence , and japan 's claim to champion the cause of korean modernization and asian nationalism was [made/given] particularly insulting by the brutality with which all manifestations of anti-japanese sentiment were suppressed under the protectorate .

Legislation has intruded on free contracting in few cases ; particular types of clauses in consumer contracts are rendered ineffective , and in some cases contracting must be in prescribed form .
legislation has intruded on free contracting in few cases ; particular types of clauses in consumer contracts are [made/given] ineffective , and in some cases contracting must be in prescribed form .

References to his synthesis sometimes give the impression that he achieved a complete fusion of Aristotelian with Christian doctrine , as if the two were rendered fully compatible .
references to his synthesis sometimes give the impression that he achieved a complete fusion of aristotelian with christian doctrine , as if the two were [made/given] fully compatible .

In Oakeshott 's account of the ideal character of civil association , his views on the nature of law and government are rendered explicit .
in oakeshott 's account of the ideal character of civil association , his views on the nature of law and government are [made/given] explicit .

It was the catastrophe of the Crimean War which rendered this commitment untenable .
it was the catastrophe of the crimean war which [made/given] this commitment untenable .

Rather Rollo and they had rendered services to none other than to God .
rather rollo and they had [made/given] services to none other than to god .

For Marxists , petty bourgeois producers seem destined to be replaced by monopoly capital , while the advantages rendered by economies of scale have been sufficiently impressive for neo-classical economists to stress the unreality of atomistic competition .
for marxists , petty bourgeois producers seem destined to be replaced by monopoly capital , while the advantages [made/given] by economies of scale have been sufficiently impressive for neo-classical economists to stress the unreality of atomistic competition .

( It would , of course , be inconsistent with his theory if dreams that have already been rendered `` harmless `` by the dreamwork during dreaming remained potent sources of anxiety on awakening . )
( it would , of course , be inconsistent with his theory if dreams that have already been [made/given] `` harmless `` by the dreamwork during dreaming remained potent sources of anxiety on awakening . )

This odd Russian jazz , rendered on unsuitable instruments , was nearly as successful .
this odd russian jazz , [made/given] on unsuitable instruments , was nearly as successful .

And what a despicable set of values — rendered all the more offensive by the revelations from Wall Street , London , Tokyo and Dublin , that the mandarins , gurus and executors of capitalism are as trustworthy as a fox guarding a chicken coop .
and what a despicable set of values — [made/given] all the more offensive by the revelations from wall street , london , tokyo and dublin , that the mandarins , gurus and executors of capitalism are as trustworthy as a fox guarding a chicken coop .

Korean independence was thus liquidated and Korea was rendered an integral part of the Japanese empire .
korean independence was thus liquidated and korea was [made/given] an integral part of the japanese empire .

But we would like to think that the success of our book rendered both publishers and television producers more aware of the audience for material pertaining to the historical Jesus and the origins of Christianity — an audience whose appetite makes such books and films viable .
but we would like to think that the success of our book [made/given] both publishers and television producers more aware of the audience for material pertaining to the historical jesus and the origins of christianity — an audience whose appetite makes such books and films viable .

Biblical scholarship during the last two centuries , however , has rendered such an interpretation increasingly untenable .
biblical scholarship during the last two centuries , however , has [made/given] such an interpretation increasingly untenable .

These versions had not yet been officially rendered ‘ uncanonical ’ .
these versions had not yet been officially [made/given] ‘ uncanonical ’ .

In fact , the Aramaic word for Zealot was qannai , which was rendered into Greek as kananaios .
in fact , the aramaic word for zealot was qannai , which was [made/given] into greek as kananaios .

And , so far as possible , all trace of his Jewishness was deliberately obscured , ignored or rendered irrelevant .
and , so far as possible , all trace of his jewishness was deliberately obscured , ignored or [made/given] irrelevant .

At the opposite extreme 14 per cent of men aged 75 + and 30 per cent of women are rendered house bound because of their disability ( see Figure 4.5 ) .
at the opposite extreme 14 per cent of men aged 75 + and 30 per cent of women are [made/given] house bound because of their disability ( see figure 4.5 ) .

… crime and folly and error can be as severely lashed , as virtue and morality can be upheld , by a series of amusing causes and effects , that entice the reader to take a medicine , which , although rendered agreeable to the palate , still produces the same internal benefit as if it had been presented to him in its crude state , in which it would either be refused or nauseated .
… crime and folly and error can be as severely lashed , as virtue and morality can be upheld , by a series of amusing causes and effects , that entice the reader to take a medicine , which , although [made/given] agreeable to the palate , still produces the same internal benefit as if it had been presented to him in its crude state , in which it would either be refused or nauseated .

It is rendered particularly difficult for women who have been stereotyped , because the stereotype of women is one which precludes the exercise of active responsibility .
it is [made/given] particularly difficult for women who have been stereotyped , because the stereotype of women is one which precludes the exercise of active responsibility .

Perhaps the most important lesson to be learnt from Stanworth 's study is the way in which teachers , often quite unconsciously , impose sex-role stereotypes on their pupils in such a way that girls , again quite unconsciously , absorb a sense of their own inferiority and are rendered , literally , anonymous and invisible .
perhaps the most important lesson to be learnt from stanworth 's study is the way in which teachers , often quite unconsciously , impose sex-role stereotypes on their pupils in such a way that girls , again quite unconsciously , absorb a sense of their own inferiority and are [made/given] , literally , anonymous and invisible .

Although rendered rather unnecessary by the current spell of good weather , the usual rainy summer season should see a warm welcome for a new climbing wall opened in norther Snowdonia .
although [made/given] rather unnecessary by the current spell of good weather , the usual rainy summer season should see a warm welcome for a new climbing wall opened in norther snowdonia .

Last year representatives of the Radio Caroline organisation visited the Walton lifeboathouse and presented the crew with a plaque in appreciation of services rendered .
last year representatives of the radio caroline organisation visited the walton lifeboathouse and presented the crew with a plaque in appreciation of services [made/given] .

This rendered all claimants potential suspects .
this [made/given] all claimants potential suspects .

More and more women are going it alone , and men are rendered homeless by housing allocation policies which do not account for the needs of the single and childless .
more and more women are going it alone , and men are [made/given] homeless by housing allocation policies which do not account for the needs of the single and childless .

These single parents care about being mothers but they do n't care so much about being married and they care even less for being rendered dependent .
these single parents care about being mothers but they do n't care so much about being married and they care even less for being [made/given] dependent .

But the Act may be rendered inoperative if , before the lease was granted , the original landlord and original tenant agreed that the Act would not apply and obtained a Court order to that effect .
but the act may be [made/given] inoperative if , before the lease was granted , the original landlord and original tenant agreed that the act would not apply and obtained a court order to that effect .

Guests were informed that Accounts would be rendered weekly and ‘ Visitors for less than a week are charged 1 shilling per day extra ’ and that the Swimming Pool opened ‘ Daily at hours which can be ascertained from the office . ’
guests were informed that accounts would be [made/given] weekly and ‘ visitors for less than a week are charged 1 shilling per day extra ’ and that the swimming pool opened ‘ daily at hours which can be ascertained from the office . ’

Houses had to be boarded up and rendered both impenetrable and inaccessible as soon as the inhabitants moved out , so that squatters and wreckers could not move in .
houses had to be boarded up and [made/given] both impenetrable and inaccessible as soon as the inhabitants moved out , so that squatters and wreckers could not move in .

She had rendered him , at last , bereft of speech .
she had [made/given] him , at last , bereft of speech .

Women 's work in the countries of the Third World is generally rendered ‘ invisible ’ by normal national accounting procedures because it usually takes place outside the conventional sphere of wage labour , mostly on the family farm and in the home .
women 's work in the countries of the third world is generally [made/given] ‘ invisible ’ by normal national accounting procedures because it usually takes place outside the conventional sphere of wage labour , mostly on the family farm and in the home .

Frank and Wallerstein 's versions of the international division of labour may have been accurate for some countries during some periods , but the re-formation of capitalism on a global scale in the latter part of the twentieth century has rendered it increasingly less so .
frank and wallerstein 's versions of the international division of labour may have been accurate for some countries during some periods , but the re-formation of capitalism on a global scale in the latter part of the twentieth century has [made/given] it increasingly less so .

Exclusion criteria were : ( 1 ) Patients whose overall medical condition rendered them as unduly high risk for elective surgery — for example , severe chronic obstructive airways disease ; ( 2 ) patients considered unsuitable for surgery because of technical reasons such as ( a ) gross obesity , ( b ) fixed hiatus hernia , ( c ) previous major upper gastrointestinal surgery ; ( 3 ) patients who had received previous therapy for bleeding oesophageal varices ; ( 4 ) patients already taking beta blockers ; ( 5 ) patients on waiting list for liver transplantation ; ( 6 ) HBsAg positive subjects .
exclusion criteria were : ( 1 ) patients whose overall medical condition [made/given] them as unduly high risk for elective surgery — for example , severe chronic obstructive airways disease ; ( 2 ) patients considered unsuitable for surgery because of technical reasons such as ( a ) gross obesity , ( b ) fixed hiatus hernia , ( c ) previous major upper gastrointestinal surgery ; ( 3 ) patients who had received previous therapy for bleeding oesophageal varices ; ( 4 ) patients already taking beta blockers ; ( 5 ) patients on waiting list for liver transplantation ; ( 6 ) hbsag positive subjects .

In 1795 John Aikin could still describe Preston as ‘ a handsome , well-built town … rendered gay by assemblies and other places of amusement , suited to the genteel style of the inhabitants ’ .
in 1795 john aikin could still describe preston as ‘ a handsome , well-built town … [made/given] gay by assemblies and other places of amusement , suited to the genteel style of the inhabitants ’ .

This means that revenue is recognized as services are rendered and expenses are recognized as efforts are expended or services used to obtain the revenue , regardless of when cash is received or disbursed .
this means that revenue is recognized as services are [made/given] and expenses are recognized as efforts are expended or services used to obtain the revenue , regardless of when cash is received or disbursed .

Nevertheless , the jury 's finding that Poindexter was part of a conspiracy involving members of the Reagan administration amounted to the clearest judicial verdict yet rendered upon the Iran-contra scandal .
nevertheless , the jury 's finding that poindexter was part of a conspiracy involving members of the reagan administration amounted to the clearest judicial verdict yet [made/given] upon the iran-contra scandal .

36224-25 ] after two months of continuous mass protest centred on Rangoon , which had effectively rendered the country ungovernable .
36224-25 ] after two months of continuous mass protest centred on rangoon , which had effectively [made/given] the country ungovernable .

On May 27 , 1989 , the government announced that the name of the country , which had been changed in October 1988 from the Socialist Republic of Myanma to the Union of Myanma , was henceforth to be rendered in its vernacular form of Myanma Naingngan ( Union of Myanma ) for all official purposes [ see p. 36867 , where the date is wrongly given as June 18 ] .
on may 27 , 1989 , the government announced that the name of the country , which had been changed in october 1988 from the socialist republic of myanma to the union of myanma , was henceforth to be [made/given] in its vernacular form of myanma naingngan ( union of myanma ) for all official purposes [ see p. 36867 , where the date is wrongly given as june 18 ] .

He also believed , first , that France was unlikely to be able to secure an alliance with Britain ( because of the two countries ' disagreement about the Near East in 1840 ) ; second , that Britain might support Russia in the event of a Russian attack on the Ottoman Empire ( because of the Anglo-Russian discussions which had taken place in London in 1844 ) ; and third , that in any event he could count on the support of Austria ( because of the assistance he had rendered Vienna in putting down the Hungarians in 1849 ) .
he also believed , first , that france was unlikely to be able to secure an alliance with britain ( because of the two countries ' disagreement about the near east in 1840 ) ; second , that britain might support russia in the event of a russian attack on the ottoman empire ( because of the anglo-russian discussions which had taken place in london in 1844 ) ; and third , that in any event he could count on the support of austria ( because of the assistance he had [made/given] vienna in putting down the hungarians in 1849 ) .

While the triumvirate was at work , moreover , Orlov , the senior member of the Secret Committee , completed a manoeuvre which rendered peasant reform even less likely than it was already .
while the triumvirate was at work , moreover , orlov , the senior member of the secret committee , completed a manoeuvre which [made/given] peasant reform even less likely than it was already .

However , the decline in the Tokyo stock market , which has rendered many warrants worthless , may seriously damage the market .
however , the decline in the tokyo stock market , which has [made/given] many warrants worthless , may seriously damage the market .

Coming down off the mountains , Matthiessen first finds that he loses the calm and joy of the transfiguration of his perception in high places and becomes a prey to irritation and a sense of desolation and purposelessness — his past experience apparently rendered hallucinatory in the face of his present sense of failure .
coming down off the mountains , matthiessen first finds that he loses the calm and joy of the transfiguration of his perception in high places and becomes a prey to irritation and a sense of desolation and purposelessness — his past experience apparently [made/given] hallucinatory in the face of his present sense of failure .

For all of them the Passion focuses the terrifyingly destructive forces in human nature and signals the one way by which they are to be rendered ultimately ineffective — a way not isolated in history , but constantly repeated by means of the game of faith .
for all of them the passion focuses the terrifyingly destructive forces in human nature and signals the one way by which they are to be [made/given] ultimately ineffective — a way not isolated in history , but constantly repeated by means of the game of faith .

One of the characteristics which distinguish `` modern industrial `` from `` preindustrial `` society is that in the former there is a wide circulation of `` money `` , where `` money `` means a general medium of exchange and a store of value which serves equally well as a reward for services rendered and as a means of purchasing commodities in the market .
one of the characteristics which distinguish `` modern industrial `` from `` preindustrial `` society is that in the former there is a wide circulation of `` money `` , where `` money `` means a general medium of exchange and a store of value which serves equally well as a reward for services [made/given] and as a means of purchasing commodities in the market .

Turnover will represent the net value of invoiced work or services rendered .
turnover will represent the net value of invoiced work or services [made/given] .

Turnover shall represent the net value of deliveries made , or services rendered and includes adjustments arising from the use of estimated prices in previous years .
turnover shall represent the net value of deliveries made , or services [made/given] and includes adjustments arising from the use of estimated prices in previous years .

That , and the steady loss of blood from the massive internal damage inflicted by the passage of Lomax 's bullet through ribs , muscle and lung , rendered him too weak to escape the prospect of the horrifying death he now faced .
that , and the steady loss of blood from the massive internal damage inflicted by the passage of lomax 's bullet through ribs , muscle and lung , [made/given] him too weak to escape the prospect of the horrifying death he now faced .

The medical and sociological advances of the twentieth-century have led to many infectious diseases being eliminated or rendered relatively harmless .
the medical and sociological advances of the twentieth-century have led to many infectious diseases being eliminated or [made/given] relatively harmless .

Hence the everyday , practical choices which must occur in all branches of science are rendered especially visible in this case .
hence the everyday , practical choices which must occur in all branches of science are [made/given] especially visible in this case .

Very briefly , however , solicitors rendered two bills to different clients , the first of which allocated £17.10 to travelling fares , and the second of which allocated £34.20 for air fares from London to Rotterdam on behalf of the second client .
very briefly , however , solicitors [made/given] two bills to different clients , the first of which allocated £17.10 to travelling fares , and the second of which allocated £34.20 for air fares from london to rotterdam on behalf of the second client .

In a sense , from the point of view of the information given-birth , education , career , books written , pious foundations endowed many of the biographies are , mutatis mutandis , not unlike those in Who 's Who.a If the English reader of Who 's Who can flesh out the bare bones almost as a matter of instinct , however , to do the same for the Ottoman ulema is rendered almost impossible by time and cultural distance .
in a sense , from the point of view of the information given-birth , education , career , books written , pious foundations endowed many of the biographies are , mutatis mutandis , not unlike those in who 's who.a if the english reader of who 's who can flesh out the bare bones almost as a matter of instinct , however , to do the same for the ottoman ulema is [made/given] almost impossible by time and cultural distance .

Suppose a contract of sale contains an exemption clause ; suppose also that exemption clause is rendered ineffective by the Unfair Contract Terms Act .
suppose a contract of sale contains an exemption clause ; suppose also that exemption clause is [made/given] ineffective by the unfair contract terms act .

At one time it was not uncommon for a retailer to display an exemption clause in his premises or include it in a written contract even though that clause was rendered totally ineffective by Act of Parliament .
at one time it was not uncommon for a retailer to display an exemption clause in his premises or include it in a written contract even though that clause was [made/given] totally ineffective by act of parliament .

The Order applies only to clauses rendered void by section 6 of the Unfair Contract Terms Act .
the order applies only to clauses [made/given] void by section 6 of the unfair contract terms act .

It came to nothing , the police moved in , evicted the squatters , and the Bell/Genesis Hall was rendered uninhabitable .
it came to nothing , the police moved in , evicted the squatters , and the bell/genesis hall was [made/given] uninhabitable .

The image remains 24 bit , and such things as graduated fills , although not faithfully rendered onscreen , are perfectly applied within the file , and will print correctly .
the image remains 24 bit , and such things as graduated fills , although not faithfully [made/given] onscreen , are perfectly applied within the file , and will print correctly .

take an informed view of future trends , both technical and legislative , and thereby generate confidence that the proposed solution will not be rendered obsolete in the near future .
take an informed view of future trends , both technical and legislative , and thereby generate confidence that the proposed solution will not be [made/given] obsolete in the near future .

The evident difficulty of writing about an artist who has transformed the traditional process of mapping a terrain of physiognomical likeness onto the production of a surface that suggests a process of physical disintegration rendered in assertively material terms is resolved by Packer in an oblique but entirely conventional manner .
the evident difficulty of writing about an artist who has transformed the traditional process of mapping a terrain of physiognomical likeness onto the production of a surface that suggests a process of physical disintegration [made/given] in assertively material terms is resolved by packer in an oblique but entirely conventional manner .

The boys ' physical presence was rendered huge by the small room .
the boys ' physical presence was [made/given] huge by the small room .

The drawing was vigorous , the vegetation through which they moved vividly rendered .
the drawing was vigorous , the vegetation through which they moved vividly [made/given] .

The exact amount depends on the quality of resolution with which the images are rendered .
the exact amount depends on the quality of resolution with which the images are [made/given] .

It was coming close to midsummer , and a time when every man had more than enough work on his own land ; but Bishop Hrolf , rendered pentecostal amid the dusty glory of his chosen element , dispensed his rota of tasks with a bone-clear , indisputable justice that only the hardier ever disputed , and then under plain fear of excommunication .
it was coming close to midsummer , and a time when every man had more than enough work on his own land ; but bishop hrolf , [made/given] pentecostal amid the dusty glory of his chosen element , dispensed his rota of tasks with a bone-clear , indisputable justice that only the hardier ever disputed , and then under plain fear of excommunication .

The distress of leaving them no doubt contributed to the ‘ sudden & severe indisposition of Mrs Gould … which inducing the utmost fears for her safety , rendered it very doubtful up to the last moment whether they would be able to go or not … ’
the distress of leaving them no doubt contributed to the ‘ sudden & severe indisposition of mrs gould … which inducing the utmost fears for her safety , [made/given] it very doubtful up to the last moment whether they would be able to go or not … ’

Our last Letters are dated Hobart Town Feb. 9 up to which time his expedition had been eminently successful ; far more so than he could have anticipated ; the most liberal assistance had been rendered him by the Authorities , everything that could facilitate his views being cheerfully accorded : while nothing could exceed the kindness of Sir John and Lady Franklin in whose house he was then residing : in fact so much were they interested in his pursuits that upon more than one occasion they accompanied him in his exploring parties .
our last letters are dated hobart town feb. 9 up to which time his expedition had been eminently successful ; far more so than he could have anticipated ; the most liberal assistance had been [made/given] him by the authorities , everything that could facilitate his views being cheerfully accorded : while nothing could exceed the kindness of sir john and lady franklin in whose house he was then residing : in fact so much were they interested in his pursuits that upon more than one occasion they accompanied him in his exploring parties .

Furthermore , individuals are rendered ‘ schizoid ’ by the range of roles which they undertake and which they experience in others .
furthermore , individuals are [made/given] ‘ schizoid ’ by the range of roles which they undertake and which they experience in others .

The Manchester doctor Thomas Percival reported on a `` confinement `` which `` either cut them off early in life `` or rendered them sick and feeble .
the manchester doctor thomas percival reported on a `` confinement `` which `` either cut them off early in life `` or [made/given] them sick and feeble .

The scene by the tower was rendered in untrustworthy washes of light .
the scene by the tower was [made/given] in untrustworthy washes of light .

The house had seemed less threatening in the cold light of day , and it became obvious that a pretty establishment had been rendered hideous by neglect .
the house had seemed less threatening in the cold light of day , and it became obvious that a pretty establishment had been [made/given] hideous by neglect .

‘ Or it would be if it was rendered habitable once more .
‘ or it would be if it was [made/given] habitable once more .

The shock of cold pond on her skin , the whole humiliation of standing drenched before him yet again , rendered her incapable of speech .
the shock of cold pond on her skin , the whole humiliation of standing drenched before him yet again , [made/given] her incapable of speech .

But this time it had a note of desperation which rendered it almost novel even to those who had heard it so often .
but this time it had a note of desperation which [made/given] it almost novel even to those who had heard it so often .

He had rendered her almost mindless there and it had all been a cheap trick , not even part of his wish to get her to accept her father .
he had [made/given] her almost mindless there and it had all been a cheap trick , not even part of his wish to get her to accept her father .

Large tracts of land will be waterlogged and rendered saline , and innumerable species of wildlife destroyed forever .
large tracts of land will be waterlogged and [made/given] saline , and innumerable species of wildlife destroyed forever .

Incineration is the most appropriate disposal method for many wastes which can be rendered harmless only by breaking them down through the controlled use of heat .
incineration is the most appropriate disposal method for many wastes which can be [made/given] harmless only by breaking them down through the controlled use of heat .

So far , 97 operations due to have been performed early this week have been cancelled , 80 out of the 200 national health service beds in the hospital have been rendered unusable and damage totalling at least £250,000 has been caused .
so far , 97 operations due to have been performed early this week have been cancelled , 80 out of the 200 national health service beds in the hospital have been [made/given] unusable and damage totalling at least £250,000 has been caused .

We have become aware of other contending histories previously rendered largely invisible , such as women 's history and the ‘ history from below ’ of groups socially disenfranchised by reason of class , colour , religion .
we have become aware of other contending histories previously [made/given] largely invisible , such as women 's history and the ‘ history from below ’ of groups socially disenfranchised by reason of class , colour , religion .

Does this cause Milton 's text to become compromised , its message rendered politically neutered ?
does this cause milton 's text to become compromised , its message [made/given] politically neutered ?

Is Samson Agonistes , therefore , an aesthetically satisfying or dissatisfying text ? Given the confusions rendered by its apparent message and a stylistic structure which subverts this message ( or , at least , creates an audience primarily among those for whom such a message is unwelcome ) , can we talk of the poem as a successful work of art ? The answers will largely depend on our own perspectives on the past and the present , the way in which we , too , employ a political aesthetic .
is samson agonistes , therefore , an aesthetically satisfying or dissatisfying text ? given the confusions [made/given] by its apparent message and a stylistic structure which subverts this message ( or , at least , creates an audience primarily among those for whom such a message is unwelcome ) , can we talk of the poem as a successful work of art ? the answers will largely depend on our own perspectives on the past and the present , the way in which we , too , employ a political aesthetic .

The result of this process of ‘ making do ’ with what is available is that any likelihood of collections of such presently unavailable poets appearing are rendered even more economically impossible .
the result of this process of ‘ making do ’ with what is available is that any likelihood of collections of such presently unavailable poets appearing are [made/given] even more economically impossible .

The cultural practice of imitation which Herbert so confidently exploits ( note how the Jordan poem above skilfully employs Sidney 's first sonnet in Astrophil and Stella was rendered very difficult for a poet such as An Collins whose scope for enjoying the educated attainments open to a Renaissance gentleman was negligible .
the cultural practice of imitation which herbert so confidently exploits ( note how the jordan poem above skilfully employs sidney 's first sonnet in astrophil and stella was [made/given] very difficult for a poet such as an collins whose scope for enjoying the educated attainments open to a renaissance gentleman was negligible .

The idea that the Renaissance could be named , classified , described , and interpreted so that it was rendered readily comprehensible within some generalised scheme of the humanities was no longer a clearly defined process .
the idea that the renaissance could be named , classified , described , and interpreted so that it was [made/given] readily comprehensible within some generalised scheme of the humanities was no longer a clearly defined process .

Just as cockfighting allows a world where women are rendered invisible , so Geertz 's writing creates a text where his actually present wife is ignored as a non-person .
just as cockfighting allows a world where women are [made/given] invisible , so geertz 's writing creates a text where his actually present wife is ignored as a non-person .

What antagonises him is the prospect of the civiliser being rendered savage , the moral made immoral .
what antagonises him is the prospect of the civiliser being [made/given] savage , the moral made immoral .

In recent years , the scope of welfare and other services rendered to mentally handicapped people has changed and extended significantly .
in recent years , the scope of welfare and other services [made/given] to mentally handicapped people has changed and extended significantly .

Originally , cesspools were built from brick rendered with concrete on the outside .
originally , cesspools were built from brick [made/given] with concrete on the outside .

Her despair at this belated realisation had rendered her only half aware of being dragged down the gallery stairs and across a hall humming with surprised murmurs .
her despair at this belated realisation had [made/given] her only half aware of being dragged down the gallery stairs and across a hall humming with surprised murmurs .

Coal-holes rendered , cupboards whitewashed , pans
coal-holes [made/given] , cupboards whitewashed , pans

He 'd walked up and down those shitawful streets , absorbing the sights and sounds and smells of the real Machinian Oswaldston , and he had tentatively rendered them in his mind in Brobdingnagian words .
he 'd walked up and down those shitawful streets , absorbing the sights and sounds and smells of the real machinian oswaldston , and he had tentatively [made/given] them in his mind in brobdingnagian words .

The sun could not burn , that it had rendered
the sun could not burn , that it had [made/given]

any other financial arrangements contained in the agreement shall not thereby be rendered void or unenforceable and shall , unless they are void or unenforceable for any other reason ( and subject to sections 35 and 36 , below ) be binding on the parties to the agreement .
any other financial arrangements contained in the agreement shall not thereby be [made/given] void or unenforceable and shall , unless they are void or unenforceable for any other reason ( and subject to sections 35 and 36 , below ) be binding on the parties to the agreement .

‘ Say Markham is paying Wheeler or Wheeler is paying Markham for services rendered and say Paul was implicated either way , might not Rosamund know about it , if it involved money going into or out of any of Wheeler 's accounts ? ’
‘ say markham is paying wheeler or wheeler is paying markham for services [made/given] and say paul was implicated either way , might not rosamund know about it , if it involved money going into or out of any of wheeler 's accounts ? ’

Their lower status is shown in the customary services and goods they had to supply to the main caput — services including building and maintaining the lord 's hall , bower , and possible defences , and goods rendered including lambs , wool , cattle and honey .
their lower status is shown in the customary services and goods they had to supply to the main caput — services including building and maintaining the lord 's hall , bower , and possible defences , and goods [made/given] including lambs , wool , cattle and honey .

These would have contained garden-like areas for growing vegetables , herbs for flavouring , dyes and medicines , fruit trees and space for hives — honey being an important commodity and mentioned as goods rendered from some estates .
these would have contained garden-like areas for growing vegetables , herbs for flavouring , dyes and medicines , fruit trees and space for hives — honey being an important commodity and mentioned as goods [made/given] from some estates .

Thus a man who could have done all sorts of good things is rendered useless ; and the same sort of outcome could follow in a case involving not one but two men , or a hundred or more , or even a whole branch of a family ( progenies ) or at the same time a whole province — if you 're not very careful ! ``
thus a man who could have done all sorts of good things is [made/given] useless ; and the same sort of outcome could follow in a case involving not one but two men , or a hundred or more , or even a whole branch of a family ( progenies ) or at the same time a whole province — if you 're not very careful ! ``

They were helped by a Spring tide which caused extensive flooding and rendered all the fords impassable .
they were helped by a spring tide which caused extensive flooding and [made/given] all the fords impassable .

To the sentences in ( 1 ) we may therefore add : ( 33 ) the rains rendered his escape impossible
to the sentences in ( 1 ) we may therefore add : ( 33 ) the rains [made/given] his escape impossible

Authors may present additional copies of theses to external co-sponsoring bodies , or to bodies which have rendered substantial assistance with some aspect of the research .
authors may present additional copies of theses to external co-sponsoring bodies , or to bodies which have [made/given] substantial assistance with some aspect of the research .

The Provisions , adopted in 1948 just before the Kuomintang government fled from the mainland to Taiwan , had rendered the Constitution largely irrelevant .
the provisions , adopted in 1948 just before the kuomintang government fled from the mainland to taiwan , had [made/given] the constitution largely irrelevant .

Between 2,000 and 3,000 people were reported killed and at least 3,000,000 rendered homeless in mid-September in the country 's worst floods of the century .
between 2,000 and 3,000 people were reported killed and at least 3,000,000 [made/given] homeless in mid-september in the country 's worst floods of the century .

In particular , the fall of the old regime rendered a serious blow to the political dominance of the Pashtun ethnic group , raising serious concerns over an eventual Pashtun rebellion against the newly powerful , northern-based Tajik , Uzbek and other smaller ethnic minorities .
in particular , the fall of the old regime [made/given] a serious blow to the political dominance of the pashtun ethnic group , raising serious concerns over an eventual pashtun rebellion against the newly powerful , northern-based tajik , uzbek and other smaller ethnic minorities .

Claiming that the climate for the talks had been rendered unsuitable by Team Spirit , the North also cited other factors including the South 's co-operation with the coalition forces in the Gulf war and the suppression of anti-government protests in the South .
claiming that the climate for the talks had been [made/given] unsuitable by team spirit , the north also cited other factors including the south 's co-operation with the coalition forces in the gulf war and the suppression of anti-government protests in the south .

Cross-boundary flow adjustments to allocations will be replaced by direct billing for services rendered .
cross-boundary flow adjustments to allocations will be replaced by direct billing for services [made/given] .

The two tests were explained in that case by the Lord Chancellor … who commented that not the law but our mode of life has changed over the years ; that what has changed is `` the degree in which certain things have seemed susceptible of being put up as mere ornaments whereas at our earlier period the mere construction rendered it impossible sometimes to sever the thing which was put up from the realty . ``
the two tests were explained in that case by the lord chancellor … who commented that not the law but our mode of life has changed over the years ; that what has changed is `` the degree in which certain things have seemed susceptible of being put up as mere ornaments whereas at our earlier period the mere construction [made/given] it impossible sometimes to sever the thing which was put up from the realty . ``

Why should the position between the original tenant and the sureties be rendered completely different just because the reversion has been assigned , a transaction wholly outside the control of the original tenant and the sureties ?
why should the position between the original tenant and the sureties be [made/given] completely different just because the reversion has been assigned , a transaction wholly outside the control of the original tenant and the sureties ?

Commenting on this , Sebba and Wootton ( 1984 : 8 ) write : The switch to Creole occurs before the first instance of `` build `` is `` and this could be taken as a direct quotation of the man 's words , rendered in Creole because he is apparently a Jamaican : cf .
commenting on this , sebba and wootton ( 1984 : 8 ) write : the switch to creole occurs before the first instance of `` build `` is `` and this could be taken as a direct quotation of the man 's words , [made/given] in creole because he is apparently a jamaican : cf .

Before the trial of the action in 1979 the plaintiff was discovered to be suffering from a back disease , unrelated to the injury , which rendered him totally unfit for work by 1976 .
before the trial of the action in 1979 the plaintiff was discovered to be suffering from a back disease , unrelated to the injury , which [made/given] him totally unfit for work by 1976 .

The Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 , s. 2 ( 3 ) will prevent any claim that Alan 's awareness of the attempted exclusion rendered him volens to the risk .
the unfair contract terms act 1977 , s. 2 ( 3 ) will prevent any claim that alan 's awareness of the attempted exclusion [made/given] him volens to the risk .

The abolition of the doctrine of common employment has rendered this area of comparatively little importance , as in most cases the employer will be vicariously liable for the torts of his employees .
the abolition of the doctrine of common employment has [made/given] this area of comparatively little importance , as in most cases the employer will be vicariously liable for the torts of his employees .

They should be supplied with not merely what will preserve animation , but what custom has rendered necessary for their comfort .
they should be supplied with not merely what will preserve animation , but what custom has [made/given] necessary for their comfort .

Human turpitude of a personal kind is clearly visible in the activities of the wife and the monk — a sad human ignorance , lack of mastery and even spiritual failure in the case of the merchant — a turpitude that is not rendered comic in any distinguished way by some unexpectedly creative sleight of hand in the Shipman 's Tale , nor artfully embodied in the sort of grotesque and rapid excesses that we have in Les quatre Souhais Saint Martin .
human turpitude of a personal kind is clearly visible in the activities of the wife and the monk — a sad human ignorance , lack of mastery and even spiritual failure in the case of the merchant — a turpitude that is not [made/given] comic in any distinguished way by some unexpectedly creative sleight of hand in the shipman 's tale , nor artfully embodied in the sort of grotesque and rapid excesses that we have in les quatre souhais saint martin .

The income and property of the Society shall be applied solely towards the promotion of the Object of the Society and no portion thereof shall be paid or transferred directly or indirectly to the members of the Society , provided that nothing herein shall prevent the payment in good faith of remuneration to any officer , servant or member of the Society in return for Services actually rendered to the Society and proper rent for any premises let by any member to the Society .
the income and property of the society shall be applied solely towards the promotion of the object of the society and no portion thereof shall be paid or transferred directly or indirectly to the members of the society , provided that nothing herein shall prevent the payment in good faith of remuneration to any officer , servant or member of the society in return for services actually [made/given] to the society and proper rent for any premises let by any member to the society .

This included a number of payments to men and women for various services rendered but who were not in every case employees as such .
this included a number of payments to men and women for various services [made/given] but who were not in every case employees as such .

Tolming , even when the children were so young that they should not have been sent out , and also when the nature of their health rendered it dangerous .
tolming , even when the children were so young that they should not have been sent out , and also when the nature of their health [made/given] it dangerous .

Next week is usually rendered as /neks wi : k/ , the /t/ being elided .
next week is usually [made/given] as /neks wi : k/ , the /t/ being elided .

Some terraces such as those recently demolished at Monarch Hill were constructed of chalk blocks rendered with cement externally .
some terraces such as those recently demolished at monarch hill were constructed of chalk blocks [made/given] with cement externally .

Such large numbers of the would-be most productive members of society rendered severely disabled or ill could have catastrophic effects on the national economy and development .
such large numbers of the would-be most productive members of society [made/given] severely disabled or ill could have catastrophic effects on the national economy and development .

Furthermore , in 58 patients rendered stone free with extra corporeal shock wave lithotripsy and adjuvant bile acids , Sackmann et al found that 100 % of their patients with recurrent stones had symptoms .
furthermore , in 58 patients [made/given] stone free with extra corporeal shock wave lithotripsy and adjuvant bile acids , sackmann et al found that 100 % of their patients with recurrent stones had symptoms .

Deputy Head ( Staff ) : ‘ Scale 2 is for additional responsibility , not just for services rendered over time . ’
deputy head ( staff ) : ‘ scale 2 is for additional responsibility , not just for services [made/given] over time . ’

that it rendered schools more accountable ;
that it [made/given] schools more accountable ;

The problem with price limits , of course , is that futures contracts are rendered completely illiquid : a position can not be closed out at any price when trading is suspended .
the problem with price limits , of course , is that futures contracts are [made/given] completely illiquid : a position can not be closed out at any price when trading is suspended .

One 's sense of smell , always deeply involved in the joy of the delicatessen , has been rendered virtually redundant .
one 's sense of smell , always deeply involved in the joy of the delicatessen , has been [made/given] virtually redundant .

The Scottish stand-off , who was among the Lions replacements , was forced to parade , bouquet in hand , from behind one set of posts to the red carpet on the half-wayline as chaperone to Mireille Mathieu , the French songstress who had just rendered all three verses of the Marseillaise ( with the chorus repeated each time ) .
the scottish stand-off , who was among the lions replacements , was forced to parade , bouquet in hand , from behind one set of posts to the red carpet on the half-wayline as chaperone to mireille mathieu , the french songstress who had just [made/given] all three verses of the marseillaise ( with the chorus repeated each time ) .

England , meanwhile , has another of the non-league , partly Anglo-Welsh club days which — with occasional exceptions such as Bath 's visit to Neath — have been rendered peripheral by the coming of Courage .
england , meanwhile , has another of the non-league , partly anglo-welsh club days which — with occasional exceptions such as bath 's visit to neath — have been [made/given] peripheral by the coming of courage .

The appointment in every county of three elected commissioners to hear and determine pleas relating to breaches of the Charters , however , was rendered illusory by Edward 's reservations and exceptions .
the appointment in every county of three elected commissioners to hear and determine pleas relating to breaches of the charters , however , was [made/given] illusory by edward 's reservations and exceptions .

Their long , slurred vowels rendered their German almost incomprehensible to me , though it was impossible not to listen in as they argued more loudly and grinned more broadly at each other 's jokes as the beer did its work .
their long , slurred vowels [made/given] their german almost incomprehensible to me , though it was impossible not to listen in as they argued more loudly and grinned more broadly at each other 's jokes as the beer did its work .

The terrible times had rendered individuals impotent ; many Jews consoled themselves by clinging to any available straw and concealed themselves behind bastions of casuistry .
the terrible times had [made/given] individuals impotent ; many jews consoled themselves by clinging to any available straw and concealed themselves behind bastions of casuistry .

Similarly , even in that most abstract of arts , music , the playing of a musical instrument can inscribe the peculiar energy of the act of plucking , blowing or striking into its sound such that it is rendered unique or concrete .
similarly , even in that most abstract of arts , music , the playing of a musical instrument can inscribe the peculiar energy of the act of plucking , blowing or striking into its sound such that it is [made/given] unique or concrete .

Nonetheless it remains true that the most common explanation of large numbers of unrecovered hoards is warfare , though in some instances it is believed that economic factors also played a part ; in the latter cases a currency or political reform is thought to have rendered the coins worthless and hence the owners would not have bothered to recover them .
nonetheless it remains true that the most common explanation of large numbers of unrecovered hoards is warfare , though in some instances it is believed that economic factors also played a part ; in the latter cases a currency or political reform is thought to have [made/given] the coins worthless and hence the owners would not have bothered to recover them .

The critics ' favourite accusation that Neverland looks like a theme park is fair , though hardly a criticism — most children and adults enjoy Disneyland , and the movie is no more garish than The Wizard of Oz , a great children 's film which has been rendered critically respectable by age .
the critics ' favourite accusation that neverland looks like a theme park is fair , though hardly a criticism — most children and adults enjoy disneyland , and the movie is no more garish than the wizard of oz , a great children 's film which has been [made/given] critically respectable by age .

He argued that the National Curriculum had rendered such freedom unnecessary because there were fewer differences between syllabuses .
he argued that the national curriculum had [made/given] such freedom unnecessary because there were fewer differences between syllabuses .

This is rendered quite conscious not just in the touching veneration of Andy White ( ‘ it 's in my blood !
this is [made/given] quite conscious not just in the touching veneration of andy white ( ‘ it 's in my blood !

As for the notion of a local tax as a payment for services rendered , it is n't .
as for the notion of a local tax as a payment for services [made/given] , it is n't .

Both of the witnesses — one aged 82 , the other 73 — admit to having paid the prostitutes about $ 2,000 ( at $ 100 per visit ) for services rendered in 1989 and 1990 .
both of the witnesses — one aged 82 , the other 73 — admit to having paid the prostitutes about $ 2,000 ( at $ 100 per visit ) for services [made/given] in 1989 and 1990 .

Legend has it that the mandarin was so grateful to Earl Grey for services rendered that he gave him his secret tea recipe , to keep mind , body and spirit together in perfect harmony .
legend has it that the mandarin was so grateful to earl grey for services [made/given] that he gave him his secret tea recipe , to keep mind , body and spirit together in perfect harmony .

Berkeley remarks that the opinion that words like ‘ good ’ and ‘ happiness ’ ‘ stand for general notions abstracted from all particular persons and actions ’ has ‘ rendered morality difficult , and the study thereof of less use to mankind ’ .
berkeley remarks that the opinion that words like ‘ good ’ and ‘ happiness ’ ‘ stand for general notions abstracted from all particular persons and actions ’ has ‘ [made/given] morality difficult , and the study thereof of less use to mankind ’ .

It has a very local feel with its sandstone dressings , and is rendered in rough cast , a common practice in areas like this where the Silurian stone was weak .
it has a very local feel with its sandstone dressings , and is [made/given] in rough cast , a common practice in areas like this where the silurian stone was weak .

This code , which is still adhered to , specifies that roofs must be made of slate , all woodwork must be white , and walls must be built in local stone or rendered white ; it also specifies that houses must be a certain distance apart .
this code , which is still adhered to , specifies that roofs must be made of slate , all woodwork must be white , and walls must be built in local stone or [made/given] white ; it also specifies that houses must be a certain distance apart .

Plentiful moisture in the extreme northern latitudes , for example , is rendered useless by severe winter frost and an abbreviated growing season .
plentiful moisture in the extreme northern latitudes , for example , is [made/given] useless by severe winter frost and an abbreviated growing season .

So the scalper 's cut is not a monopoly rent , but a fair price for a service efficiently rendered .
so the scalper 's cut is not a monopoly rent , but a fair price for a service efficiently [made/given] .

Through it all strolls the one and only John Conteh , as a strong-arm man rendered practically speechless by the goings-on around him .
through it all strolls the one and only john conteh , as a strong-arm man [made/given] practically speechless by the goings-on around him .

Loss of active swimming habits may have rendered the complex suture lines superfluous .
loss of active swimming habits may have [made/given] the complex suture lines superfluous .

’ The constitution of the Vth Republic was intended to overcome the chronic factionalism , irresponsibility and opportunism which characterised the behaviour of deputés under those republics , and which rendered the government inoperable .
’ the constitution of the vth republic was intended to overcome the chronic factionalism , irresponsibility and opportunism which characterised the behaviour of deputés under those republics , and which [made/given] the government inoperable .

Bog myrtle ( Myrica gale ) Roid , sometimes rendered as is the badge of the Clan MacArthur ; and the MacDonalds and MacAlisters have for their clan badges the heather , already mentioned for its great versatility .
bog myrtle ( myrica gale ) roid , sometimes [made/given] as is the badge of the clan macarthur ; and the macdonalds and macalisters have for their clan badges the heather , already mentioned for its great versatility .

If there is heavy rain during their exposed period , the pools are rendered brackish , rather than saline .
if there is heavy rain during their exposed period , the pools are [made/given] brackish , rather than saline .

Altruism is reciprocal when the assistance rendered to an individual by another is returned in an appropriate interaction , usually at a later date .
altruism is reciprocal when the assistance [made/given] to an individual by another is returned in an appropriate interaction , usually at a later date .

… what the creative form expresses is the nature of feelings conceived , imaginatively realised , and rendered by a labor of formulation and abstractive vision ( p. 90 ) .
… what the creative form expresses is the nature of feelings conceived , imaginatively realised , and [made/given] by a labor of formulation and abstractive vision ( p. 90 ) .

When Diana once asked him what the capital of Australia was , he was rendered totally speechless .
when diana once asked him what the capital of australia was , he was [made/given] totally speechless .

The outside stone walls had been rendered and the windows replaced and double-glazed .
the outside stone walls had been [made/given] and the windows replaced and double-glazed .

Perhaps in one sense it does not matter that he ignored the sometimes vandalistic assaults on the gospel texts by Form-critics and Redaction-critics ; just as it could be seen not to matter that the school of philosophy in which he was reared had been rendered more or less obsolete by the man who — in the year that Lewis was writing The Problem of Pain — had become a professor of philosophy at Cambridge : Ludwig Wittgenstein .
perhaps in one sense it does not matter that he ignored the sometimes vandalistic assaults on the gospel texts by form-critics and redaction-critics ; just as it could be seen not to matter that the school of philosophy in which he was reared had been [made/given] more or less obsolete by the man who — in the year that lewis was writing the problem of pain — had become a professor of philosophy at cambridge : ludwig wittgenstein .

‘ Sure it was n't McCloy 's little dropsy for services rendered ?
‘ sure it was n't mccloy 's little dropsy for services [made/given] ?

In this respect psychology has rendered a service to the courts by undermining the traditional belief in the demeanour of witnesses as a guide to their veracity .
in this respect psychology has [made/given] a service to the courts by undermining the traditional belief in the demeanour of witnesses as a guide to their veracity .

This block of data includes the index , and if the index is rendered useless then so is all the data on the hard disc .
this block of data includes the index , and if the index is [made/given] useless then so is all the data on the hard disc .

This pub was originally a 17th century timber frame jettied building ; in the early 19th century its front was removed and a new rendered facade added .
this pub was originally a 17th century timber frame jettied building ; in the early 19th century its front was removed and a new [made/given] facade added .

Some kill on contact and are then rendered ineffective , whereas systemic ( translocated ) chemicals are absorbed into the plant 's system and remain active for much longer , which could delay the harvest of fruit and vegetables .
some kill on contact and are then [made/given] ineffective , whereas systemic ( translocated ) chemicals are absorbed into the plant 's system and remain active for much longer , which could delay the harvest of fruit and vegetables .

It would , perforce , have been a ‘ devoted ’ service therein rendered ; and adequately ‘ nourished ’ .
it would , perforce , have been a ‘ devoted ’ service therein [made/given] ; and adequately ‘ nourished ’ .

In it they asserted quite clearly that permitting divorce would certainly affect the stability of all Irish marriages because it rendered every Irish marriage dissoluble : ‘ It is as though the legal availability of divorce builds up a social pressure which , for large numbers of people , becomes stronger than moral or religious resistance ’ ( abridged version , Irish Times , 14 May 1986 ) .
in it they asserted quite clearly that permitting divorce would certainly affect the stability of all irish marriages because it [made/given] every irish marriage dissoluble : ‘ it is as though the legal availability of divorce builds up a social pressure which , for large numbers of people , becomes stronger than moral or religious resistance ’ ( abridged version , irish times , 14 may 1986 ) .

Conrad 's novel is about a fire-prone seaside South American republic , with foreign investors and their concessions : its silver has its lightly rendered counterpart in Naipaul 's bauxite .
conrad 's novel is about a fire-prone seaside south american republic , with foreign investors and their concessions : its silver has its lightly [made/given] counterpart in naipaul 's bauxite .

Its old times are brilliantly rendered , and its appeal is in part generic .
its old times are brilliantly [made/given] , and its appeal is in part generic .

Portnoy 's Complaint is a work of the furious imagination spoken of , and rendered debatable , in The Facts .
portnoy 's complaint is a work of the furious imagination spoken of , and [made/given] debatable , in the facts .

Drink figures in the novel , in precisely rendered scenes , as a bastion of the culture which is also a slow death .
drink figures in the novel , in precisely [made/given] scenes , as a bastion of the culture which is also a slow death .

How can such sentiments retain their edge when rendered from the Royal Albert Hall stage ?
how can such sentiments retain their edge when [made/given] from the royal albert hall stage ?

Was this the dreaded writer 's block , or was it merely her desperation to win the SHE/Timotei writing competition that had rendered her completely lost for words ?
was this the dreaded writer 's block , or was it merely her desperation to win the she/timotei writing competition that had [made/given] her completely lost for words ?

These were the high-class European courtesans among stations , glittering , sensual , elegant , veritable Mata Haris and Lola Monteses among terminals , the architectural equivalents of Zola 's Nana , Manet 's Olympe , and Dumas fils 's Camille , complete with fans , pendants , and feather boas rendered in stone .
these were the high-class european courtesans among stations , glittering , sensual , elegant , veritable mata haris and lola monteses among terminals , the architectural equivalents of zola 's nana , manet 's olympe , and dumas fils 's camille , complete with fans , pendants , and feather boas [made/given] in stone .

The great train-shed was rendered redundant , with some seventy acres of tracks and yards now provided below street level .
the great train-shed was [made/given] redundant , with some seventy acres of tracks and yards now provided below street level .

In architectural detail they were austere , with surfaces rendered in adobe and roofed in tiles .
in architectural detail they were austere , with surfaces [made/given] in adobe and roofed in tiles .

The patient , rendered incurable , is then particularly liable to travel in search of treatment to better equipped countries , and there to disseminate the resistant organisms which he carries .
the patient , [made/given] incurable , is then particularly liable to travel in search of treatment to better equipped countries , and there to disseminate the resistant organisms which he carries .

Another service rendered by the Victorian Rottweiler Club is the ‘ litter expected ’ notice .
another service [made/given] by the victorian rottweiler club is the ‘ litter expected ’ notice .

These will have to be rendered harmless .
these will have to be [made/given] harmless .

In November 1983 , a registrar ordered the grant of letters of administration to the three solicitors to be rendered null and void and Thomas thought the case was over .
in november 1983 , a registrar ordered the grant of letters of administration to the three solicitors to be [made/given] null and void and thomas thought the case was over .

Into extreme old age he would lecture about Temple 's mind in words rendered all the more penetrating by the obvious gratitude which the memory brought .
into extreme old age he would lecture about temple 's mind in words [made/given] all the more penetrating by the obvious gratitude which the memory brought .

Not only was the deity rendered benevolent ( unenvious ) towards men , but Christianity offered an interpretation of human life in which envy and the fear of envy became irrelevant .
not only was the deity [made/given] benevolent ( unenvious ) towards men , but christianity offered an interpretation of human life in which envy and the fear of envy became irrelevant .

Maggie lay there on her back , stiff , formal , upon the great silken swirls of her Chinese bedspread , her feet tidily together , her arms spread wide , cruciform , and her rib cage rendered elongated and tortured by the moon shadows .
maggie lay there on her back , stiff , formal , upon the great silken swirls of her chinese bedspread , her feet tidily together , her arms spread wide , cruciform , and her rib cage [made/given] elongated and tortured by the moon shadows .

Rainoldes apart , the transgressions associated with the boy players , be they actual or imagined , rendered the theatrical self-consciousness surrounding transvestism complex and shifting ; it provoked questions teasingly unanswerable : for example — and this is a question which remains intriguing for us today — which , or how many , of the several gender identities embodied in any one figure are in play at any one time ?
rainoldes apart , the transgressions associated with the boy players , be they actual or imagined , [made/given] the theatrical self-consciousness surrounding transvestism complex and shifting ; it provoked questions teasingly unanswerable : for example — and this is a question which remains intriguing for us today — which , or how many , of the several gender identities embodied in any one figure are in play at any one time ?

At Richmond Riverside , an unpopular , over-dense office development was rendered quite acceptable when the developers brought in Quinlan Terry to redesign it .
at richmond riverside , an unpopular , over-dense office development was [made/given] quite acceptable when the developers brought in quinlan terry to redesign it .

However , economy being of prime importance , he included , he said , nothing inessential to the art of gardening that might increase the size and price ( eighteen shillings ) , but neither had he omitted any advice which might be deemed useful to the profession , ‘ so that upon the whole the work is rendered as complete a system of practical gardening as present knowledge of vegetation can supply ’ .
however , economy being of prime importance , he included , he said , nothing inessential to the art of gardening that might increase the size and price ( eighteen shillings ) , but neither had he omitted any advice which might be deemed useful to the profession , ‘ so that upon the whole the work is [made/given] as complete a system of practical gardening as present knowledge of vegetation can supply ’ .

Miller stressed the point that former writers had not had the opportunity of seeing the flower or fruit of new exotics cultivated in English gardens , but by this time many had and details of others had been ‘ communicated by persons of skill from abroad ’ and ‘ so the ranging of plants under their proper heads is now better understood and the science of botany rendered more complete ’ .
miller stressed the point that former writers had not had the opportunity of seeing the flower or fruit of new exotics cultivated in english gardens , but by this time many had and details of others had been ‘ communicated by persons of skill from abroad ’ and ‘ so the ranging of plants under their proper heads is now better understood and the science of botany [made/given] more complete ’ .

It was named after the nearby Inn , the ‘ Star and Garter Home ’ , and it still provides for the needs of such servicemen , the newer inmates generally rendered handicapped as a result of their tours or duty in Northern Ireland , also some from the Falkland conflict .
it was named after the nearby inn , the ‘ star and garter home ’ , and it still provides for the needs of such servicemen , the newer inmates generally [made/given] handicapped as a result of their tours or duty in northern ireland , also some from the falkland conflict .

New service developments had to be undertaken frequently with insufficient legal backing which rendered their financial basis rather insecure .
new service developments had to be undertaken frequently with insufficient legal backing which [made/given] their financial basis rather insecure .

In view of the help she had rendered the group , Gedge also wrote to Sara Catt , Charman 's girlfriend , informing her of the situation too .
in view of the help she had [made/given] the group , gedge also wrote to sara catt , charman 's girlfriend , informing her of the situation too .

Brooking , Devonshire or Dickens would have rendered useless Leeds 's tedious offside trap by the simple expedient of running through from deep with the ball .
brooking , devonshire or dickens would have [made/given] useless leeds 's tedious offside trap by the simple expedient of running through from deep with the ball .

’ This passage is rendered ambiguous by the use of the word ‘ indifferent ’ : if that connotes failure to realize an obvious risk , the test is similar to Caldwell but probably inconsistent with the earlier assertion that ‘ mere inadvertence is not enough ’ .
’ this passage is [made/given] ambiguous by the use of the word ‘ indifferent ’ : if that connotes failure to realize an obvious risk , the test is similar to caldwell but probably inconsistent with the earlier assertion that ‘ mere inadvertence is not enough ’ .

But the truth is that Uncle Buck , the film , has been rendered totally superfluous once you 've seen the trailer you have seen the film .
but the truth is that uncle buck , the film , has been [made/given] totally superfluous once you 've seen the trailer you have seen the film .

Hands-on experience of studio machinery rendered somewhat rhetorical the question posed by Kael 's subsequent essay , ‘ Why Are Movies So Bad ?
hands-on experience of studio machinery [made/given] somewhat rhetorical the question posed by kael 's subsequent essay , ‘ why are movies so bad ?

‘ Her social position has rendered woman keenly percipient of every thought and action beautiful or graceful , … taught from infancy to subjugate her passions and affections , her thoughts , her looks , her language kept under control … Need it be a matter of wonder , when we see her capable of such restraint in general , that she should retire within herself and exercise that control we find her continually exerting over all her thoughts and actions the more energetically at a time when she is taught that a stray thought of desire would be impurity and its fruition pollution .
‘ her social position has [made/given] woman keenly percipient of every thought and action beautiful or graceful , … taught from infancy to subjugate her passions and affections , her thoughts , her looks , her language kept under control … need it be a matter of wonder , when we see her capable of such restraint in general , that she should retire within herself and exercise that control we find her continually exerting over all her thoughts and actions the more energetically at a time when she is taught that a stray thought of desire would be impurity and its fruition pollution .

Implicit in the arguments produced by the nouveaux romanciers was the assumption that the presence of causality , linearity , plot and characterization in the novels of their reactionary contemporaries rendered them redundant , both in literary-historical and in formal realist terms .
implicit in the arguments produced by the nouveaux romanciers was the assumption that the presence of causality , linearity , plot and characterization in the novels of their reactionary contemporaries [made/given] them redundant , both in literary-historical and in formal realist terms .

Right , the rear of the building is rendered and painted white .
right , the rear of the building is [made/given] and painted white .

What to use on rendered or pebbledashed walls
what to use on [made/given] or pebbledashed walls

Rendered or dashed walls can always benefit from a coat of good exterior wall paint , and surfaces which are already painted will probably need recoating every few years .
[made/given] or dashed walls can always benefit from a coat of good exterior wall paint , and surfaces which are already painted will probably need recoating every few years .

His own hyperconsciousness , the disease in an acute form , he considered a product of nineteenth-century civilization , rendered yet more virulent by the ‘ abstract and intentional city ’ he lived in .
his own hyperconsciousness , the disease in an acute form , he considered a product of nineteenth-century civilization , [made/given] yet more virulent by the ‘ abstract and intentional city ’ he lived in .

When Eliot in 1928 , loyally reciprocating services rendered , edited Pound 's Selected Poems , he insisted on excluding the propertius poem , and it was not until 1932 that Basil Bunting wrote , already retrospectively , ‘ In my considered opinion , ‘ Propertius ’ was the most important poem of our times , surpassing alike ‘ Mauberley ’ and ‘ The Waste Land ’ .
when eliot in 1928 , loyally reciprocating services [made/given] , edited pound 's selected poems , he insisted on excluding the propertius poem , and it was not until 1932 that basil bunting wrote , already retrospectively , ‘ in my considered opinion , ‘ propertius ’ was the most important poem of our times , surpassing alike ‘ mauberley ’ and ‘ the waste land ’ .

The scene dealing with her adoration of Christ went no further than ‘ a few motions of the lips ’ — St Theresa 's moment of ecstasy was rendered by the image of Christ 's hand closing over hers .
the scene dealing with her adoration of christ went no further than ‘ a few motions of the lips ’ — st theresa 's moment of ecstasy was [made/given] by the image of christ 's hand closing over hers .

The result , rendered into beautiful and economical English , lives up to the publisher 's claim of ‘ a new literary form ’ .
the result , [made/given] into beautiful and economical english , lives up to the publisher 's claim of ‘ a new literary form ’ .

For too long water and sewage had been , quite literally , inextricably mixed in Paris , for seepage from cesspools and cemeteries rendered much of the water supply lethal .
for too long water and sewage had been , quite literally , inextricably mixed in paris , for seepage from cesspools and cemeteries [made/given] much of the water supply lethal .

Although consumption grew faster than output leading to a rapid expansion of imports , the generally improving terms of trade rendered the trade gap small .
although consumption grew faster than output leading to a rapid expansion of imports , the generally improving terms of trade [made/given] the trade gap small .

In Jaffa , life was rendered very difficult .
in jaffa , life was [made/given] very difficult .

This exercise is rendered easier to perform by the fact that Charles is not lying beside her to observe and ask ironic questions about it .
this exercise is [made/given] easier to perform by the fact that charles is not lying beside her to observe and ask ironic questions about it .

He promised an end to serfdom , reform of landholdings and an extension of the suffrage , a programme which in turn alienated an important part of the Magyar gentry and rendered them much more favourably disposed to suspending national demands in favour of outside intervention to protect existing social relationships .
he promised an end to serfdom , reform of landholdings and an extension of the suffrage , a programme which in turn alienated an important part of the magyar gentry and [made/given] them much more favourably disposed to suspending national demands in favour of outside intervention to protect existing social relationships .

Rosa Luxemburg , Lenin argued , assumed that economic integration within empires rendered political separatism impossible .
rosa luxemburg , lenin argued , assumed that economic integration within empires [made/given] political separatism impossible .

In late 1988 the right was rendered well-nigh obsolete in Northern Ireland , by changes that were introduced without any consultation — we shall examine this further in Chapter 7 .
in late 1988 the right was [made/given] well-nigh obsolete in northern ireland , by changes that were introduced without any consultation — we shall examine this further in chapter 7 .

After drainage had removed this regular winter flood , the people were left with ‘ thin hungry starving water , which rendered the land incapable of supporting the large grazing herds which it had formerly sustained .
after drainage had removed this regular winter flood , the people were left with ‘ thin hungry starving water , which [made/given] the land incapable of supporting the large grazing herds which it had formerly sustained .

On Canvey Island alone , 11,000 people were rendered homeless .
on canvey island alone , 11,000 people were [made/given] homeless .

The situation at present is still that any operation performed by a surgeon is , prima facie , a battery rendered lawful by the consent of the patient .
the situation at present is still that any operation performed by a surgeon is , prima facie , a battery [made/given] lawful by the consent of the patient .

Given that redistribution is a characteristic of the social services , the general presumption must be that they will be rendered only on evidence of need , i.e .
given that redistribution is a characteristic of the social services , the general presumption must be that they will be [made/given] only on evidence of need , i.e .

Accident prevention is extremely important because there are certain situations where you will be unable to help yourself , such as if you are rendered unconscious through a fall or an electric shock .
accident prevention is extremely important because there are certain situations where you will be unable to help yourself , such as if you are [made/given] unconscious through a fall or an electric shock .

ur — this vowel ( as in ‘ fur ’ or ‘ stir ’ ) is rendered in Japlish by the vowel ‘ ah ’ .
ur — this vowel ( as in ‘ fur ’ or ‘ stir ’ ) is [made/given] in japlish by the vowel ‘ ah ’ .

Some 20 years ago , the Americans became aware of the fact that poisonous vehicle emissions could be rendered virtually harmless by attaching a contraption known as a catalytic converter to the exhaust .
some 20 years ago , the americans became aware of the fact that poisonous vehicle emissions could be [made/given] virtually harmless by attaching a contraption known as a catalytic converter to the exhaust .

It was assumed that the liquid discharge would disperse and be rendered harmless .
it was assumed that the liquid discharge would disperse and be [made/given] harmless .

We are all of us at the mercy of our adrenaline , and there is a very fine dividing line between being justifiably keyed up and ready to do your best and being rendered helpless by panic .
we are all of us at the mercy of our adrenaline , and there is a very fine dividing line between being justifiably keyed up and ready to do your best and being [made/given] helpless by panic .

They also get the tusks and the bristles which they sell or barter in India , and a large proportion of the fat , which can be rendered down and used for cooking , or dried and preserved to smear on cuts and bruises .
they also get the tusks and the bristles which they sell or barter in india , and a large proportion of the fat , which can be [made/given] down and used for cooking , or dried and preserved to smear on cuts and bruises .

In … the Highlands … their [ sic ] was no other drink for the soldiers than brandy and spirits ; which rendered them incapable of performing their work , for remedy of which the officers did provide utensills and stores for brewing and did supply them therewith .
in … the highlands … their [ sic ] was no other drink for the soldiers than brandy and spirits ; which [made/given] them incapable of performing their work , for remedy of which the officers did provide utensills and stores for brewing and did supply them therewith .

The kitchen then became a hive of industry , with the fat being cut up and rendered for lard , kept in a big earthenware pot .
the kitchen then became a hive of industry , with the fat being cut up and [made/given] for lard , kept in a big earthenware pot .

For this weak semblance to be rendered strong ,
for this weak semblance to be [made/given] strong ,

The inevitable pressure of market forces rendered Luff 's experiment obsolete , long before the track and overhead were worn out .
the inevitable pressure of market forces [made/given] luff 's experiment obsolete , long before the track and overhead were worn out .

This rendered them less economic in operation .
this [made/given] them less economic in operation .

The Employment Appeal Tribunal decided that the failure to offer a long-serving worker the chance to stay on rendered unfair a redundancy which had originally been justified .
the employment appeal tribunal decided that the failure to offer a long-serving worker the chance to stay on [made/given] unfair a redundancy which had originally been justified .

The Employment Appeal Tribunal was not satisfied that this amounted to a binding agreement , but held that even if it did , it would have been rendered void because it would have been an agreement purporting to preclude the employee from presenting a complaint to a tribunal .
the employment appeal tribunal was not satisfied that this amounted to a binding agreement , but held that even if it did , it would have been [made/given] void because it would have been an agreement purporting to preclude the employee from presenting a complaint to a tribunal .

Before that , however , periods of extension during the Permian and Mesozoic would presumably have rendered this sealing mechanism inoperative .
before that , however , periods of extension during the permian and mesozoic would presumably have [made/given] this sealing mechanism inoperative .

The University of Nottingham , in common with other universities in Britain , is empowered by its Charter to confer honorary degrees on persons of distinction and those who have rendered great service to the University .
the university of nottingham , in common with other universities in britain , is empowered by its charter to confer honorary degrees on persons of distinction and those who have [made/given] great service to the university .

Thus , it is claimed , the economic and political environment is absolved from responsibility for disease and collective responses are rendered unnecessary .
thus , it is claimed , the economic and political environment is absolved from responsibility for disease and collective responses are [made/given] unnecessary .

The distinction made so far between primary and secondary sources can be rendered even more useful if we adopt a further division of documents between what John Madge , after Gottschalk , called ‘ records ’ and ‘ reports ’ .
the distinction made so far between primary and secondary sources can be [made/given] even more useful if we adopt a further division of documents between what john madge , after gottschalk , called ‘ records ’ and ‘ reports ’ .

There might be the very occasional gift for a personal service , but the bottle of beer from a few householders and especially from the publicans was the only obvious economic transaction , and was rarely ennobled as a ‘ payment ’ for services rendered .
there might be the very occasional gift for a personal service , but the bottle of beer from a few householders and especially from the publicans was the only obvious economic transaction , and was rarely ennobled as a ‘ payment ’ for services [made/given] .

The interpretation of palaeoecology is rendered difficult because the composition of fossil faunas may differ radically from the communities from which they were derived .
the interpretation of palaeoecology is [made/given] difficult because the composition of fossil faunas may differ radically from the communities from which they were derived .

The painful state of his feelings rendered him incapable of personally addressing them .
the painful state of his feelings [made/given] him incapable of personally addressing them .

From what depths of unease and powerlessness emerges all this gratitude desperately proffered as pay for services not rendered ?
from what depths of unease and powerlessness emerges all this gratitude desperately proffered as pay for services not [made/given] ?

They hinted to all the women dependent on them in various ways that their shrill cries rendered them boring , humourless , sexually unappetising ; they talked of castration by these same women and wept and offered themselves as small soft snails out of their snailshells to be cosseted back by mummy into strength and pleasure-giving .
they hinted to all the women dependent on them in various ways that their shrill cries [made/given] them boring , humourless , sexually unappetising ; they talked of castration by these same women and wept and offered themselves as small soft snails out of their snailshells to be cosseted back by mummy into strength and pleasure-giving .

The boats surrounded the whales , drove them into nets , where they became enmeshed and were rendered helpless by harpoon thrusts .
the boats surrounded the whales , drove them into nets , where they became enmeshed and were [made/given] helpless by harpoon thrusts .

More than once , for example , the machine has been rendered catatonic .
more than once , for example , the machine has been [made/given] catatonic .

But it was William Wollaston 's process that rendered ‘ malleable ’ platinum available in quantities large enough for crucibles in which to concentrate lead chamber sulphuric acid , later to be superseded by contact acid made with the aid of a platinum catalyst .
but it was william wollaston 's process that [made/given] ‘ malleable ’ platinum available in quantities large enough for crucibles in which to concentrate lead chamber sulphuric acid , later to be superseded by contact acid made with the aid of a platinum catalyst .

Melt water temporarily raised the sea level , and rendered the loch more accessible .
melt water temporarily raised the sea level , and [made/given] the loch more accessible .

He has rendered a great service to humanity by the invention ’ .
he has [made/given] a great service to humanity by the invention ’ .

The dodder 's ability to lead a parasitic life thus depends on its ability to develop haustoria , an evolutionary adaptation which in one stroke has rendered redundant the need for two major organs ; the roots for supplying water and minerals and the green leaf for preparing food through photosynthesis .
the dodder 's ability to lead a parasitic life thus depends on its ability to develop haustoria , an evolutionary adaptation which in one stroke has [made/given] redundant the need for two major organs ; the roots for supplying water and minerals and the green leaf for preparing food through photosynthesis .

Rapa Nui is a modern Polynesian appellation , and the alternative Te Pito 0 Te Hanua , fancifully translated as ‘ the navel of the world ’ is better rendered as ‘ land 's end ’ , referring to one of the headlands .
rapa nui is a modern polynesian appellation , and the alternative te pito 0 te hanua , fancifully translated as ‘ the navel of the world ’ is better [made/given] as ‘ land 's end ’ , referring to one of the headlands .

The reason is believed to be a property that was known previously for a two-dimensional system : if small regions are rendered nonconducting then , providing there is a path connecting conducting parts , the Hall resistance is scarcely affected .
the reason is believed to be a property that was known previously for a two-dimensional system : if small regions are [made/given] nonconducting then , providing there is a path connecting conducting parts , the hall resistance is scarcely affected .

The whole operation and the monitoring of it was thus rendered more complicated , yet at the same time the experiment became far richer .
the whole operation and the monitoring of it was thus [made/given] more complicated , yet at the same time the experiment became far richer .

But , nevertheless , that acceptance is rendered of no consequence by the claim that the theories were merely detailing the process of creation as already produced by the orthodox ‘ god ’ or ‘ gods ’ of antiquity .
but , nevertheless , that acceptance is [made/given] of no consequence by the claim that the theories were merely detailing the process of creation as already produced by the orthodox ‘ god ’ or ‘ gods ’ of antiquity .

In the old villa the labour force had consisted mainly of serfs , or villeins , who were personally free but were tied to the plot of land on which they lived , and to the services it traditionally rendered to the lord , and of slaves , who had no freedom and no land .
in the old villa the labour force had consisted mainly of serfs , or villeins , who were personally free but were tied to the plot of land on which they lived , and to the services it traditionally [made/given] to the lord , and of slaves , who had no freedom and no land .

Where fees are based on time charges the effect of programme delay may not influence cash flow , unless the stages at which accounts can be rendered are linked to progress points .
where fees are based on time charges the effect of programme delay may not influence cash flow , unless the stages at which accounts can be [made/given] are linked to progress points .

Fleetlands had no respect for the usual scenario which has so often rendered Alton a 2–1 win , and extended their lead in the 28th minute when John Mumford headed home Edney 's corner cross .
fleetlands had no respect for the usual scenario which has so often [made/given] alton a 2–1 win , and extended their lead in the 28th minute when john mumford headed home edney 's corner cross .

The mechanic says that on that year the truck the part was handcrafted in Zogmolia near Flelzonia and not only is it double reverse threaded but that its made from a rare alloy rendered from toxic wastes in New Jersey ; however , he has assured me while trying to hold back a laugh and spraying spittle all over me he knows a junk yard on Mars where he can get the part soon .
the mechanic says that on that year the truck the part was handcrafted in zogmolia near flelzonia and not only is it double reverse threaded but that its made from a rare alloy [made/given] from toxic wastes in new jersey ; however , he has assured me while trying to hold back a laugh and spraying spittle all over me he knows a junk yard on mars where he can get the part soon .

The political nature of the News International ban rendered the reiteration of the Library Association 's 1963 and 1978 statements on censorship inadequate although not irrelevant , and a further statement appeared in 1986 in direct response to the News International publications ban . It appeared in a letter to local authority associations :
the political nature of the news international ban [made/given] the reiteration of the library association 's 1963 and 1978 statements on censorship inadequate although not irrelevant , and a further statement appeared in 1986 in direct response to the news international publications ban . it appeared in a letter to local authority associations :

Wordsworth shared Green 's dislike of white rendered buildings in the Lake District .
wordsworth shared green 's dislike of white [made/given] buildings in the lake district .

In 1332 , in a lay subsidy roll , a family named de Fortereshaye was identified , and in a de Banco roll for 1310 the name appeared as de Foresteresheye ; and in an inquisition document of 1305 it was rendered as de Forstereshegh .
in 1332 , in a lay subsidy roll , a family named de fortereshaye was identified , and in a de banco roll for 1310 the name appeared as de foresteresheye ; and in an inquisition document of 1305 it was [made/given] as de forstereshegh .

There was , and perhaps still is , a school of thought which asserted that armorial devices were assumed for identification in battle , but both research and common sense say this is probably wrong , for as so many knights chose arms of similar design , the mud , blood and turmoil of battle would have rendered such symbols on shields of little value , although the same can not , of course , be said about armorial banners or pennons bravely waving above rallying points or on the ends of lances .
there was , and perhaps still is , a school of thought which asserted that armorial devices were assumed for identification in battle , but both research and common sense say this is probably wrong , for as so many knights chose arms of similar design , the mud , blood and turmoil of battle would have [made/given] such symbols on shields of little value , although the same can not , of course , be said about armorial banners or pennons bravely waving above rallying points or on the ends of lances .

Even when no substantial physical remains have been found , archaeologists , using bodies of knowledge gained over many years , may have been able to infer what kinds of buildings may have stood on particular spots which show foundation-traces , and have rendered ‘ artists impressions ’ of what the structures probably looked like .
even when no substantial physical remains have been found , archaeologists , using bodies of knowledge gained over many years , may have been able to infer what kinds of buildings may have stood on particular spots which show foundation-traces , and have [made/given] ‘ artists impressions ’ of what the structures probably looked like .

When first surveyed , a few years ago , it had rendered outer walls and unprepossessing windows .
when first surveyed , a few years ago , it had [made/given] outer walls and unprepossessing windows .

As a national newspaper reported in June 1851 : ‘ Some of the cottages in the parish , from continual neglect and the total absence of repair , are rendered insecure to that degree , that the inmates must be in a continual state of ‘ fear and trembling ' ’ .
as a national newspaper reported in june 1851 : ‘ some of the cottages in the parish , from continual neglect and the total absence of repair , are [made/given] insecure to that degree , that the inmates must be in a continual state of ‘ fear and trembling ' ’ .

somewhat morbidly correct ideas as to competition rendered the idea of the third premium man coming in first had much to do with it .
somewhat morbidly correct ideas as to competition [made/given] the idea of the third premium man coming in first had much to do with it .

Some people , on the other hand , are suddenly rendered immobile , for example some of the ‘ emergency ’ admissions to hospital and those who suddenly collapse or become ill and are nursed at home .
some people , on the other hand , are suddenly [made/given] immobile , for example some of the ‘ emergency ’ admissions to hospital and those who suddenly collapse or become ill and are nursed at home .

The five majority justices could have applied the “ equal protection ” clause and achieved the same result that Justice Field had engineered under his construction of the dual tracks of citizenship : the butchers rendered dependent on the Crescent City Company were subject , they could easily have concluded , to impermissible discrimination .
the five majority justices could have applied the “ equal protection ” clause and achieved the same result that justice field had engineered under his construction of the dual tracks of citizenship : the butchers [made/given] dependent on the crescent city company were subject , they could easily have concluded , to impermissible discrimination .

Eventually , women would be rendered politically equal and receive the franchise ; eventually , the schools would be integrated and the laws against mixed marriages would , with a sense of shame that they ever existed , be struck down .
eventually , women would be [made/given] politically equal and receive the franchise ; eventually , the schools would be integrated and the laws against mixed marriages would , with a sense of shame that they ever existed , be struck down .

Some of the slaves were able to gain freedom in return for special services rendered .
some of the slaves were able to gain freedom in return for special services [made/given] .

It was refurbished in the Victorian era but rendered useless by succeeding Nile dams .
it was refurbished in the victorian era but [made/given] useless by succeeding nile dams .

Unfortunately , continuing tensions between India and Pakistan in the region have rendered Kashmir a dangerous place for travellers .
unfortunately , continuing tensions between india and pakistan in the region have [made/given] kashmir a dangerous place for travellers .

The Japanese were attracted more to Buddhism ’ s ritual and art than to its complex philosophy , rendered all the more difficult because its texts were , for several centuries , available only in Chinese , the language of a small court elite .
the japanese were attracted more to buddhism ’ s ritual and art than to its complex philosophy , [made/given] all the more difficult because its texts were , for several centuries , available only in chinese , the language of a small court elite .

In 625 it was expanded by a Tang Dynasty emperor in gratitude for wartime services rendered by the Shaolin monks , who used their fighting skills to send off some usurpers .
in 625 it was expanded by a tang dynasty emperor in gratitude for wartime services [made/given] by the shaolin monks , who used their fighting skills to send off some usurpers .

Cave sites have rendered some particularly interesting votive artifacts .
cave sites have [made/given] some particularly interesting votive artifacts .

Kastélli , east of the Mosque of the Janissaries was the center of the Venetian city — as the name suggests there was an older castle here , rendered obsolete when the city expanded in the 16th century .
kastélli , east of the mosque of the janissaries was the center of the venetian city — as the name suggests there was an older castle here , [made/given] obsolete when the city expanded in the 16th century .

Improper payments include inadvertent errors , such as duplicate payments and miscalculations ; payments for unsupported or inadequately supported claims ; payments for services not rendered ; payments to ineligible beneficiaries ; and payments resulting from outright fraud and abuse by program participants and/or federal employees .
improper payments include inadvertent errors , such as duplicate payments and miscalculations ; payments for unsupported or inadequately supported claims ; payments for services not [made/given] ; payments to ineligible beneficiaries ; and payments resulting from outright fraud and abuse by program participants and/or federal employees .

FST has produced documentation on over 800 fraud schemes , which it has categorized into 19 different types , such as billing for services not rendered and kickback schemes .
fst has produced documentation on over 800 fraud schemes , which it has categorized into 19 different types , such as billing for services not [made/given] and kickback schemes .

The models detail the variances through graphs that compare amounts billed and services rendered ( among others items ) by the identified provider with the average of the other providers .
the models detail the variances through graphs that compare amounts billed and services [made/given] ( among others items ) by the identified provider with the average of the other providers .

In another example , Australia 's Health Insurance Commission ( HIC ) implemented a feedback program to provide medical practitioners with regular information about their own benefit authorization , age and gender patient demographics , and comparative statistical information showing the number of services rendered and dollar value of benefits paid .
in another example , australia 's health insurance commission ( hic ) implemented a feedback program to provide medical practitioners with regular information about their own benefit authorization , age and gender patient demographics , and comparative statistical information showing the number of services [made/given] and dollar value of benefits paid .

The fee as originally enacted was modified by the Customs and Trade Act of 1990 to make it consistent with U.S. obligations under GATT ( the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade ) after a GATT panel had ruled that the original fee ( a straight ad valorem fee ) exceeded the cost of services rendered and was a tax on imports that discriminated against imports in favor of domestic production .
the fee as originally enacted was modified by the customs and trade act of 1990 to make it consistent with u.s. obligations under gatt ( the general agreement on tariffs and trade ) after a gatt panel had ruled that the original fee ( a straight ad valorem fee ) exceeded the cost of services [made/given] and was a tax on imports that discriminated against imports in favor of domestic production .

In the United Kingdom , one form of TSE , bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( BSE ) , is believed to be linked to cattle feed containing rendered protein by-products from sheep and goats infected with scrapie , a disease related to BSE .
in the united kingdom , one form of tse , bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( bse ) , is believed to be linked to cattle feed containing [made/given] protein by-products from sheep and goats infected with scrapie , a disease related to bse .

Power plants might install equipment one year that is rendered obsolete the next .
power plants might install equipment one year that is [made/given] obsolete the next .

The task of accounting for and coordinating the units was rendered difficult , if not impossible , by internal communications breakdowns resulting from the limited capabilities of radios in the high-rise environment of the WTC and from confusion over which personnel were assigned to which frequency .
the task of accounting for and coordinating the units was [made/given] difficult , if not impossible , by internal communications breakdowns resulting from the limited capabilities of radios in the high-rise environment of the wtc and from confusion over which personnel were assigned to which frequency .

Two hijackers could have been denied admission at the port of entry based on violations of immigration rules governing terms of admission-Mohamed Atta overstayed his tourist visa and then failed to present a proper vocational school visa when he entered in January 2001 ; Ziad Jarrah attended school in June 2000 without properly adjusting his immigration status , an action that violated his immigration status and rendered him inadmissible on each of his six subsequent reentries into the United States between June 2000 and August 5 , 2001 .
two hijackers could have been denied admission at the port of entry based on violations of immigration rules governing terms of admission-mohamed atta overstayed his tourist visa and then failed to present a proper vocational school visa when he entered in january 2001 ; ziad jarrah attended school in june 2000 without properly adjusting his immigration status , an action that violated his immigration status and [made/given] him inadmissible on each of his six subsequent reentries into the united states between june 2000 and august 5 , 2001 .

Elevating endogenous auxin levels rendered plants more sensitive to BR application in hypocotyl elongation assays , and this response was dependent upon both the auxin and BR signaling pathways .
elevating endogenous auxin levels [made/given] plants more sensitive to br application in hypocotyl elongation assays , and this response was dependent upon both the auxin and br signaling pathways .

Indeed , he plays with the dot-screen as a theme in his later works , notably in the vast Mirror in Six Panels ( 1971 ) , which shows nothing but the mirror surface reflecting empty space , apparently rendered in the transparent sheets of Benday dots in common use by graphic artists .
indeed , he plays with the dot-screen as a theme in his later works , notably in the vast mirror in six panels ( 1971 ) , which shows nothing but the mirror surface reflecting empty space , apparently [made/given] in the transparent sheets of benday dots in common use by graphic artists .

While the left and right panels of the triptych are in bold shades of color , the central panel is rendered in accurate red-green isoluminance .
while the left and right panels of the triptych are in bold shades of color , the central panel is [made/given] in accurate red-green isoluminance .

We do not report data on the 18 WC : WC twin pairs , because small numbers rendered the parameter estimates uninterpretable .
we do not report data on the 18 wc : wc twin pairs , because small numbers [made/given] the parameter estimates uninterpretable .

In this hale monograph , Jeff Hawkins ( rendered by Sandra Blakeslee ) plays exactly this role for theoretical neuroscience .
in this hale monograph , jeff hawkins ( [made/given] by sandra blakeslee ) plays exactly this role for theoretical neuroscience .

Although this preparation was far from perfect , as Frederick Banting said in his Nobel lecture of 1925 ( Nobel laureates did not have to wait so long as they do now for recognition ) , “ There was a marked reduction in blood sugar and the urine was rendered sugar free. ” Suddenly diabetes was a potentially curable disease .
although this preparation was far from perfect , as frederick banting said in his nobel lecture of 1925 ( nobel laureates did not have to wait so long as they do now for recognition ) , “ there was a marked reduction in blood sugar and the urine was [made/given] sugar free. ” suddenly diabetes was a potentially curable disease .

These properties rendered nucleic acids well suited for storing information , but flawed for mediating the diverse chemistries required to sustain and improve increasingly complex biological systems .
these properties [made/given] nucleic acids well suited for storing information , but flawed for mediating the diverse chemistries required to sustain and improve increasingly complex biological systems .

The songs rendered by the relatives and friends round the foot of the tree generally pertain to sexual knowledge .
the songs [made/given] by the relatives and friends round the foot of the tree generally pertain to sexual knowledge .

Assuming that recessions have n't been rendered permanently extinct by the eight-year Long Boom , the reappearance of one before the 2000 election would be extremely inconvenient for Al Gore , whose platform essentially boils down to : `` I do n't like what Bill Clinton did with his wanker , but I sure do like what he did with the U.S .
assuming that recessions have n't been [made/given] permanently extinct by the eight-year long boom , the reappearance of one before the 2000 election would be extremely inconvenient for al gore , whose platform essentially boils down to : `` i do n't like what bill clinton did with his wanker , but i sure do like what he did with the u.s .

Color has been drained from the frame : The greens of uniforms and browns of earth are muted , the sky rendered a neutral gray .
color has been drained from the frame : the greens of uniforms and browns of earth are muted , the sky [made/given] a neutral gray .

Matlock is what they expected , and what they got was Altman 's Matlock : the same sort of sub-noir story line but with the camera moved back a clinical distance and the soundtrack rendered clangorous , disharmonic .
matlock is what they expected , and what they got was altman 's matlock : the same sort of sub-noir story line but with the camera moved back a clinical distance and the soundtrack [made/given] clangorous , disharmonic .

Ford proposes the following punishment : `` A harshly worded rebuke as rendered by members of both parties , '' to be administered in the well of the House chamber .
ford proposes the following punishment : `` a harshly worded rebuke as [made/given] by members of both parties , '' to be administered in the well of the house chamber .

This all means that `` parents have returned to adolescent upbringing in ways that have rendered their children 's normally destructive impulses mute . ''
this all means that `` parents have returned to adolescent upbringing in ways that have [made/given] their children 's normally destructive impulses mute . ''

The lack of specificity in the previous correction rendered it ineffectual .
the lack of specificity in the previous correction [made/given] it ineffectual .

In Haarlem , he painted shadowy lowlife scenes of soldiers and barmaids carousing in vaguely rendered brothels and dives .
in haarlem , he painted shadowy lowlife scenes of soldiers and barmaids carousing in vaguely [made/given] brothels and dives .

Another lovingly rendered serving woman stands by the mantle , above which hangs a painting of the traditional theme of the education of the Virgin .
another lovingly [made/given] serving woman stands by the mantle , above which hangs a painting of the traditional theme of the education of the virgin .

In his Feb. 3 `` '' from the Clinton trial , he writes , `` History and the American people have already rendered their verdict . ''
in his feb. 3 `` '' from the clinton trial , he writes , `` history and the american people have already [made/given] their verdict . ''

Most critics agree with Slate 's David Edelstein that the Farrellys ' `` tenderness [ and ] joy in all things scatological , rendered outrage spurious . ''
most critics agree with slate 's david edelstein that the farrellys ' `` tenderness [ and ] joy in all things scatological , [made/given] outrage spurious . ''

Quotes are muffed : Clinton 's most famous comment , `` I did not have sexual relations with that woman , Miss Lewinsky , '' is rendered `` I never had sexual relations with that woman . ''
quotes are muffed : clinton 's most famous comment , `` i did not have sexual relations with that woman , miss lewinsky , '' is [made/given] `` i never had sexual relations with that woman . ''

Liberals thought the steady unearthing of fossils , the decline of organized religion , and several adverse court decisions had rendered creationism extinct .
liberals thought the steady unearthing of fossils , the decline of organized religion , and several adverse court decisions had [made/given] creationism extinct .

Owen Gleiberman of Entertainment Weekly dissents , calling the film `` an earnest , dogged , squarely rendered wisp of a movie . ''
owen gleiberman of entertainment weekly dissents , calling the film `` an earnest , dogged , squarely [made/given] wisp of a movie . ''

The doctor explained this was not uncommon ( apparently the detergent used by some motels can cause an allergic reaction ) and sent her home with three different prescriptions , which returned her skin to its previous lustrous condition but rendered her semi-comatose .
the doctor explained this was not uncommon ( apparently the detergent used by some motels can cause an allergic reaction ) and sent her home with three different prescriptions , which returned her skin to its previous lustrous condition but [made/given] her semi-comatose .

The Russian daily Kommersant said that the air raids show that `` Russia will no longer capitulate to Chechnya but will only speak in the language of force '' and concluded the raids have rendered the Chechen leadership `` less bellicose . ''
the russian daily kommersant said that the air raids show that `` russia will no longer capitulate to chechnya but will only speak in the language of force '' and concluded the raids have [made/given] the chechen leadership `` less bellicose . ''

Niven would n't get a laugh here : Myers has rendered himself invulnerable to the incinerating one-liners of prudes and sniggerers .
niven would n't get a laugh here : myers has [made/given] himself invulnerable to the incinerating one-liners of prudes and sniggerers .

Homer 's Greek spelling can not be precisely rendered in Roman characters because not all the letters in the Greek alphabet have exact analogs .
homer 's greek spelling can not be precisely [made/given] in roman characters because not all the letters in the greek alphabet have exact analogs .

If a stranger rendered you unconscious and went at you with a knife , it would mean one thing if it were O. J. Simpson -- or any other former NFL great -- but something else altogether if it were a surgeon .
if a stranger [made/given] you unconscious and went at you with a knife , it would mean one thing if it were o. j. simpson -- or any other former nfl great -- but something else altogether if it were a surgeon .

A review of the relevant criminal violations is in order for a proper judgment to be rendered by your committee .
a review of the relevant criminal violations is in order for a proper judgment to be [made/given] by your committee .

They are rendered in rich romantic prose that pungently conveys the disparate worlds of her interlocutors .
they are [made/given] in rich romantic prose that pungently conveys the disparate worlds of her interlocutors .

Sometimes it seems to me that every language except my own is capable of rendering those mathematic subtleties , and my colleagues in math sometimes insist that the subtleties of math can not be rendered into English , or at least English that is understandable by anyone unfamiliar with math .
sometimes it seems to me that every language except my own is capable of rendering those mathematic subtleties , and my colleagues in math sometimes insist that the subtleties of math can not be [made/given] into english , or at least english that is understandable by anyone unfamiliar with math .

Unfortunately , the substitution of `` illegal immigrants '' for `` legal immigrants '' in this blurb rendered this passage not only factually inaccurate , but politically unintelligible .
unfortunately , the substitution of `` illegal immigrants '' for `` legal immigrants '' in this blurb [made/given] this passage not only factually inaccurate , but politically unintelligible .

Then again , we may be , and it would seem the marketplace has rendered some sort of decision .
then again , we may be , and it would seem the marketplace has [made/given] some sort of decision .

With that , President Clinton decided that the purpose of the U.S. attack -- to punish Saddam 's refusal to cooperate with the inspectors -- had been rendered moot .
with that , president clinton decided that the purpose of the u.s. attack -- to punish saddam 's refusal to cooperate with the inspectors -- had been [made/given] moot .

The Third Wave feminist 's third book -- part memoir , part sociology , part political tract -- gets praised for its lyrically rendered anecdotes and slammed for shoddy thinking .
the third wave feminist 's third book -- part memoir , part sociology , part political tract -- gets praised for its lyrically [made/given] anecdotes and slammed for shoddy thinking .

Time deems the book `` definitive '' but too harsh : `` Morris struggles for fairness but portrays Luce as a calculating , self-indulgent user whose fixed eye on the main chance rendered her oblivious to the concerns of others . ''
time deems the book `` definitive '' but too harsh : `` morris struggles for fairness but portrays luce as a calculating , self-indulgent user whose fixed eye on the main chance [made/given] her oblivious to the concerns of others . ''

Four minutes after he finished , dozens had already rendered judgment on the various networks .
four minutes after he finished , dozens had already [made/given] judgment on the various networks .

Aesthetic judgments will continue to be rendered by our regular film critic , David Edelstein .
aesthetic judgments will continue to be [made/given] by our regular film critic , david edelstein .

They proved it a few years ago , when it was widely believed that their service would be rendered irrelevant by the growth of the Internet .
they proved it a few years ago , when it was widely believed that their service would be [made/given] irrelevant by the growth of the internet .

A motion to block the opening of Amistad was shot down by a U.S. District Court judge who found that 1 ) the similarities between the two works were not substantial 2 ) fictional characters can not be copyrighted , and 3 ) Amistad 's screenwriters rendered the similarities irrelevant .
a motion to block the opening of amistad was shot down by a u.s. district court judge who found that 1 ) the similarities between the two works were not substantial 2 ) fictional characters can not be copyrighted , and 3 ) amistad 's screenwriters [made/given] the similarities irrelevant .

In an editorial titled `` Starr Should Not Tarry , '' the Post Express cautioned the independent counsel not to `` lose sight of the broader picture '' : It said his office was created not only `` to assure the unfettered investigation of charges against the highest government officials '' but also to ensure `` that a prosecutorial judgement be rendered in a timely manner . ''
in an editorial titled `` starr should not tarry , '' the post express cautioned the independent counsel not to `` lose sight of the broader picture '' : it said his office was created not only `` to assure the unfettered investigation of charges against the highest government officials '' but also to ensure `` that a prosecutorial judgement be [made/given] in a timely manner . ''

Liberals have been like the pre-Civil War Whigs , at least as rendered by Louis Hartz in his classic Liberal Tradition in America .
liberals have been like the pre-civil war whigs , at least as [made/given] by louis hartz in his classic liberal tradition in america .

The book is ultimately compromised and rendered stupid by the obliviousness of the author .
the book is ultimately compromised and [made/given] stupid by the obliviousness of the author .

The strength of Horwitz 's book lies in his gift for fleshing them out through precisely rendered encounters with Southerners of all walks and all colors , united only by the common Southern compulsion to answer a question with a story .
the strength of horwitz 's book lies in his gift for fleshing them out through precisely [made/given] encounters with southerners of all walks and all colors , united only by the common southern compulsion to answer a question with a story .

The details are now more rigorous and even more clinically rendered .
the details are now more rigorous and even more clinically [made/given] .

The reader soon notices that these diatribes are being delivered in the course of lengthy gang-bang descriptions -- which are lovingly , even excitedly rendered .
the reader soon notices that these diatribes are being delivered in the course of lengthy gang-bang descriptions -- which are lovingly , even excitedly [made/given] .

A view of nature that some would call `` tree-hugging '' does n't feel softheaded when the trees are rendered in such brilliant and robust detail .
a view of nature that some would call `` tree-hugging '' does n't feel softheaded when the trees are [made/given] in such brilliant and robust detail .

Which means that many accepted paper-and-pencil surveys have rendered a distorted sense of how people behave .
which means that many accepted paper-and-pencil surveys have [made/given] a distorted sense of how people behave .

Less frequently , something is rendered totally obsolete -- but usually only if it has been around a long time .
less frequently , something is [made/given] totally obsolete -- but usually only if it has been around a long time .

For instance , a prayer being said after the plane began plummeting so fast that passengers were rendered weightless would not be suspicious .
for instance , a prayer being said after the plane began plummeting so fast that passengers were [made/given] weightless would not be suspicious .

In a NYT op-ed , retired Adm. James B. Stockdale responds to recent allegations that some Senate colleagues of John McCain think he was rendered unbalanced by his five years in a North Vietnamese prison .
in a nyt op-ed , retired adm. james b. stockdale responds to recent allegations that some senate colleagues of john mccain think he was [made/given] unbalanced by his five years in a north vietnamese prison .

This reticence had rendered the government impotent since its initial meeting last July .
this reticence had [made/given] the government impotent since its initial meeting last july .

In other words , detached from their familiar uses and manipulated on film , such objects could be animated , rendered flexible , and -- in the sculptural sense -- '' plastic . ''
in other words , detached from their familiar uses and manipulated on film , such objects could be animated , [made/given] flexible , and -- in the sculptural sense -- '' plastic . ''

Rolande Prevel , for example , is given almost a Matisse treatment , Colette Thomas is rendered with a delicacy that amounts to tenderness , while Jacques Prevel seems to have been sawn in two and restitched any old way , Mania Oïfer turned into an owl , Arthur Adamov fashioned from flung mud , with a penis for a nose .
rolande prevel , for example , is given almost a matisse treatment , colette thomas is [made/given] with a delicacy that amounts to tenderness , while jacques prevel seems to have been sawn in two and restitched any old way , mania oïfer turned into an owl , arthur adamov fashioned from flung mud , with a penis for a nose .

The whole composition is rendered in pulsating shades of red .
the whole composition is [made/given] in pulsating shades of red .

He wrote her love letters in baby talk , and when he got drunk -- which was often -- he serenaded his elegant young wife with Princeton glee-club songs rendered on the banjo .
he wrote her love letters in baby talk , and when he got drunk -- which was often -- he serenaded his elegant young wife with princeton glee-club songs [made/given] on the banjo .

It does contain some elegantly rendered anecdotes , and several small but shrewd insights .
it does contain some elegantly [made/given] anecdotes , and several small but shrewd insights .

Often these repeated images are rendered identically ( same colors , no alterations in the pose ) , and sometimes they even appear next to each other in series of as many as eight .
often these repeated images are [made/given] identically ( same colors , no alterations in the pose ) , and sometimes they even appear next to each other in series of as many as eight .

His intent face is rendered according to European naturalistic conventions .
his intent face is [made/given] according to european naturalistic conventions .

Upstairs are a couple of rooms of Socialist Realism , with ubiquitous Maos -- first , youthfully slender in front of a traditionally rendered mountain , then putting on weight just like those Buddhas .
upstairs are a couple of rooms of socialist realism , with ubiquitous maos -- first , youthfully slender in front of a traditionally [made/given] mountain , then putting on weight just like those buddhas .

In any case , as if still unsatisfied , around these tones Roth has orchestrated a still vaster range of side topics -- ethnic sociology ( Jews , blacks , Irish , WASPs , intermarriage ) , industrial history ( glove-making craftsmanship and its decline , recounted at length ) , political debate ( the crimes of Presidents Johnson and Nixon , the migraine rhetoric of Angela Davis ) , and more , some of it rendered with exquisite precision , which is fun to read .
in any case , as if still unsatisfied , around these tones roth has orchestrated a still vaster range of side topics -- ethnic sociology ( jews , blacks , irish , wasps , intermarriage ) , industrial history ( glove-making craftsmanship and its decline , recounted at length ) , political debate ( the crimes of presidents johnson and nixon , the migraine rhetoric of angela davis ) , and more , some of it [made/given] with exquisite precision , which is fun to read .

Apparently , Mr. Wheeler was under the impression that rubbing one 's face with lemon juice rendered it invisible to videotape cameras .
apparently , mr. wheeler was under the impression that rubbing one 's face with lemon juice [made/given] it invisible to videotape cameras .

The story seems oversold ( by the SEC and by the NYT ) : The paper reports that nearly half the violations resulted from complications relating to the merger that created the firm , and no examples are given of firm audits that were in any way rendered dubious by prima facie investment conflicts .
the story seems oversold ( by the sec and by the nyt ) : the paper reports that nearly half the violations resulted from complications relating to the merger that created the firm , and no examples are given of firm audits that were in any way [made/given] dubious by prima facie investment conflicts .

Let 's not dwell on the sheer dishonesty of insinuating that I , or any serious writers on evolutionary psychology , believe infidelity or genocide or anything else is rendered inevitable genetically .
let 's not dwell on the sheer dishonesty of insinuating that i , or any serious writers on evolutionary psychology , believe infidelity or genocide or anything else is [made/given] inevitable genetically .

It is n't obvious to me how a baby would develop a robust sense of autonomy while being confined to a small cubicle with bars on the side and rendered powerless to influence its environment .
it is n't obvious to me how a baby would develop a robust sense of autonomy while being confined to a small cubicle with bars on the side and [made/given] powerless to influence its environment .

Centuries of female exclusion from academia or civil engineering have n't rendered modern women unfit for those professions .
centuries of female exclusion from academia or civil engineering have n't [made/given] modern women unfit for those professions .

Apart from Warhol 's own iconic status , his pose recalls a notorious moment of '60s political theater : Lyndon Johnson 's display , to a press corps as yet unaccustomed to familiarity with the intimate anatomy of presidents , of his gall-bladder surgery scar , which illustrator David Levine later rendered as a map of Vietnam .
apart from warhol 's own iconic status , his pose recalls a notorious moment of '60s political theater : lyndon johnson 's display , to a press corps as yet unaccustomed to familiarity with the intimate anatomy of presidents , of his gall-bladder surgery scar , which illustrator david levine later [made/given] as a map of vietnam .

The notion that citizens must pay some price for government has rendered her incoherent , irrational , and convinced that everybody else shares her obsession .
the notion that citizens must pay some price for government has [made/given] her incoherent , irrational , and convinced that everybody else shares her obsession .

Every one of those conceits is rendered toothless by a form of storytelling that 's the opposite of instinctual .
every one of those conceits is [made/given] toothless by a form of storytelling that 's the opposite of instinctual .

In dividing all art into two categories , Nietzsche rendered the service of coming up with one of the great intellectual parlor games of all time .
in dividing all art into two categories , nietzsche [made/given] the service of coming up with one of the great intellectual parlor games of all time .

The invasion of a mummy 's tomb results in a fatwa made flesh -- or , if not flesh , then bandages and bones rendered really really nasty by righteous wrath .
the invasion of a mummy 's tomb results in a fatwa made flesh -- or , if not flesh , then bandages and bones [made/given] really really nasty by righteous wrath .

In the post-World War II years , urban strife and suburban anomie gave rise to school violence of the sorts broadly rendered by Hollywood in the 1955 films Rebel Without a Cause and Blackboard Jungle .
in the post-world war ii years , urban strife and suburban anomie gave rise to school violence of the sorts broadly [made/given] by hollywood in the 1955 films rebel without a cause and blackboard jungle .

Which is to say , Victor Hugo , rendered into music , is coming at us from three directions today , triophonically , so to speak -- as a Broadway extravaganza , as a mass entertainment for children , and more arcanely , as classical music in a 19 th -century French style .
which is to say , victor hugo , [made/given] into music , is coming at us from three directions today , triophonically , so to speak -- as a broadway extravaganza , as a mass entertainment for children , and more arcanely , as classical music in a 19 th -century french style .

If you want the true Victor Hugo rendered into music , you have to get hold of Hyperion 's CD of Songs by Camille Saint-Saëns , very capably performed by the baritone François Le Roux and the pianist ( and music scholar ) Graham Johnson .
if you want the true victor hugo [made/given] into music , you have to get hold of hyperion 's cd of songs by camille saint-saëns , very capably performed by the baritone françois le roux and the pianist ( and music scholar ) graham johnson .

How often should one thank a waiter for service rendered during the course of a meal ?
how often should one thank a waiter for service [made/given] during the course of a meal ?

Journalistically , your answer almost has to be `` yes , '' but I 've noticed an underlying love for all things rendered unto Gates .
journalistically , your answer almost has to be `` yes , '' but i 've noticed an underlying love for all things [made/given] unto gates .

The readers have rendered their verdict .
the readers have [made/given] their verdict .

The fund director 's cover story : The anti-Clinton `` political climate '' ( translation : the Charlie Trie scandal ) and unfair fund-raising constraints imposed by the U.S. Office of Government Ethics rendered the fund impotent , leaving the poor Clintons with nearly $ 3 million in legal bills .
the fund director 's cover story : the anti-clinton `` political climate '' ( translation : the charlie trie scandal ) and unfair fund-raising constraints imposed by the u.s. office of government ethics [made/given] the fund impotent , leaving the poor clintons with nearly $ 3 million in legal bills .

The drums , usually so central to jazz , are for the most part rendered useless by the intricately accented horn charts within the 19-piece ensemble sound .
the drums , usually so central to jazz , are for the most part [made/given] useless by the intricately accented horn charts within the 19-piece ensemble sound .

You ca n't exactly read the thing , since Leonardo 's jottings are in medieval Italian , and are rendered in his famous mirror-image script .
you ca n't exactly read the thing , since leonardo 's jottings are in medieval italian , and are [made/given] in his famous mirror-image script .

It declares that by Jan. 1 , 2002 , all government `` letters , forms , notices , and instructions '' drafted prior to Oct. 1 , 1998 , must be retroactively rendered into Plain Language .
it declares that by jan. 1 , 2002 , all government `` letters , forms , notices , and instructions '' drafted prior to oct. 1 , 1998 , must be retroactively [made/given] into plain language .

Say what one will about Catholic theology , it offers a cosmological taxonomy in which all things have an appointed place and a well-thought-out definition , rendered with lapidary minimalism .
say what one will about catholic theology , it offers a cosmological taxonomy in which all things have an appointed place and a well-thought-out definition , [made/given] with lapidary minimalism .

USAT says that in the particular case that went to the Court in which a boy , a high school sophomore , was rendered quadriplegic by a childhood accident , the cost to the school system of his attending classes was as much as $ 30,000 per year , compared to the nationwide average of $ 6,495 for `` regular '' students .
usat says that in the particular case that went to the court in which a boy , a high school sophomore , was [made/given] quadriplegic by a childhood accident , the cost to the school system of his attending classes was as much as $ 30,000 per year , compared to the nationwide average of $ 6,495 for `` regular '' students .

All three papers report the guilty verdict rendered by a Texas jury in the murder trial of former Air Force Academy cadet , David Graham .
all three papers report the guilty verdict [made/given] by a texas jury in the murder trial of former air force academy cadet , david graham .

For example , I was waiting for the bus and hoping it would come ; but when it did , I no longer expected it would be rendered as Estaba esperando ( or aguardando ) el autobús con la esperanza de que llegara ; pero cuando vino ya no me lo esperaba .
for example , i was waiting for the bus and hoping it would come ; but when it did , i no longer expected it would be [made/given] as estaba esperando ( or aguardando ) el autobús con la esperanza de que llegara ; pero cuando vino ya no me lo esperaba .

Se me cayó can not be rendered , even literally , as it fell itself to me : its meaning is something more akin to it slipped away ( or out of my hands ) and fell .
se me cayó can not be [made/given] , even literally , as it fell itself to me : its meaning is something more akin to it slipped away ( or out of my hands ) and fell .

Boutwell rendered this in crude Latin as Veritas Caput ; Schoolcraft joined the tail of the first word with the head of the second . ”
boutwell [made/given] this in crude latin as veritas caput ; schoolcraft joined the tail of the first word with the head of the second . ”

In addition he found a handful of instances where the title character was rendered as Avelok .
in addition he found a handful of instances where the title character was [made/given] as avelok .

John Wycliffe had rendered this in English in 1382 , but that was pre-printing press , and hand copies of this stilted , verbatim Lollard construction were scarce .
john wycliffe had [made/given] this in english in 1382 , but that was pre-printing press , and hand copies of this stilted , verbatim lollard construction were scarce .

While doing so , Asimov furnished English with robotic and robotical , roboticist an ` expert in their production and operation , ' robotics the ` science of their design and function , ' and roboticized ` rendered mechanical . '
while doing so , asimov furnished english with robotic and robotical , roboticist an ` expert in their production and operation , ' robotics the ` science of their design and function , ' and roboticized ` [made/given] mechanical . '

Even in the “ ah-OO-gah , ” or “ moo-goo-gaipan ” school of pronunciation , the unstressed vowel is rendered by a uniform symbol , usually “ uh . ”
even in the “ ah-oo-gah , ” or “ moo-goo-gaipan ” school of pronunciation , the unstressed vowel is [made/given] by a uniform symbol , usually “ uh . ”

I do n't know where the -sh sound arose in nebbish , but in all eastern European dialects of Yiddish the word is nebbikh or nebbakh , with a velar fricative sound that is rendered as -sh by speakers who find that easier to pronounce .
i do n't know where the -sh sound arose in nebbish , but in all eastern european dialects of yiddish the word is nebbikh or nebbakh , with a velar fricative sound that is [made/given] as -sh by speakers who find that easier to pronounce .

It is tempting to relate the yellowhammer 's name to yammer ( German jammern ) , referring to its fussy call , a rapid chi-chi-chi-chi-chi ... chweee , traditionally rendered little-bit-of-bread-and-no-cheese .
it is tempting to relate the yellowhammer 's name to yammer ( german jammern ) , referring to its fussy call , a rapid chi-chi-chi-chi-chi ... chweee , traditionally [made/given] little-bit-of-bread-and-no-cheese .

However , when the reading is unclear or ambiguous , difficult or corrupt , the translator will turn to other translations or versions to see how ancient translators rendered passages in question .
however , when the reading is unclear or ambiguous , difficult or corrupt , the translator will turn to other translations or versions to see how ancient translators [made/given] passages in question .

Nor , at the other end of the scale , can we match the Spanish superlative suffix - ísimo , e.g. , grandísimo , altísimo , bellísimo ( rendered in English as the ` biggest , ' the ` highest , ' the ` most beautiful , ' although for an exact equivalency one would use the other superlative form in Spanish , más grande , más alto , más bello ) .
nor , at the other end of the scale , can we match the spanish superlative suffix - ísimo , e.g. , grandísimo , altísimo , bellísimo ( [made/given] in english as the ` biggest , ' the ` highest , ' the ` most beautiful , ' although for an exact equivalency one would use the other superlative form in spanish , más grande , más alto , más bello ) .

Another Ashleyism , a few pages later : “ The book was rendered pretty useless pretty soon by name changes. ’ That 's pretty awful , I 'm afraid .
another ashleyism , a few pages later : “ the book was [made/given] pretty useless pretty soon by name changes. ’ that 's pretty awful , i 'm afraid .

An English word like allrightnik is rendered as allRAITnik to make it seem Yiddish .
an english word like allrightnik is [made/given] as allraitnik to make it seem yiddish .

This is rendered as ` without tone or sound . '
this is [made/given] as ` without tone or sound . '

To begin with , al pie de la letra would be better rendered as ` at the foot of the letter . '
to begin with , al pie de la letra would be better [made/given] as ` at the foot of the letter . '

When you become disgusted , the sound from your throat sounds like a gathering of phlegm , variously rendered as ugh , yuk , or Mad magazine 's famous yecch —but often when people repeat those sounds , what comes out is ug , yuck , and even yetch .
when you become disgusted , the sound from your throat sounds like a gathering of phlegm , variously [made/given] as ugh , yuk , or mad magazine 's famous yecch —but often when people repeat those sounds , what comes out is ug , yuck , and even yetch .

L uses a version of what I call the “ Moo Goo Gai Pan ” or “ Ah-oo-gah ” system , favored by newspapers because , though primitive , it is virtually transparent : unlike the W system , which requires even a casual user to deal with distinctions between a ā , \ ? \ , ä and a\ ? \ ; ( rendered in L as a , ay , o , ah , and ow , respectively ) .
l uses a version of what i call the “ moo goo gai pan ” or “ ah-oo-gah ” system , favored by newspapers because , though primitive , it is virtually transparent : unlike the w system , which requires even a casual user to deal with distinctions between a ā , \ ? \ , ä and a\ ? \ ; ( [made/given] in l as a , ay , o , ah , and ow , respectively ) .

Indeed , L'Académie française might do well to note the above and the albeit absurd names of these two Japanese discos rendered in romanji : Maharaja Saloon Sahara King & Queen Disco Maebashi , and Maharaja Tokushima Space Disco Liberazione .
indeed , l'académie française might do well to note the above and the albeit absurd names of these two japanese discos [made/given] in romanji : maharaja saloon sahara king & queen disco maebashi , and maharaja tokushima space disco liberazione .

With the rise of Black consciousness and Black pride , Blacks challenged the need for a euphemism ( the very use of which implies , of course , something bad or negative , which has to be rendered pleasant or acceptable ) .
with the rise of black consciousness and black pride , blacks challenged the need for a euphemism ( the very use of which implies , of course , something bad or negative , which has to be [made/given] pleasant or acceptable ) .

When it is translated ( as when an English translation follows the French title ) it is rendered as “ Goodbye , Children. ” This translation is as good as any , but quite unsatisfactory .
when it is translated ( as when an english translation follows the french title ) it is [made/given] as “ goodbye , children. ” this translation is as good as any , but quite unsatisfactory .

