Although the present study was not a direct replication of their investigations , the results do not confirm their conclusion .
although the present study was not a direct [copy] of their investigations , the results do not confirm their conclusion .

Princes Square mixes old and new in a fashion reminiscent of a film set , while the Italian Centre has elements of real Glasgow buildings jumbled freely with neo-classical replication and a sparse metallic modernism that the critic is lost for words .
princes square mixes old and new in a fashion reminiscent of a film set , while the italian centre has elements of real glasgow buildings jumbled freely with neo-classical [copy] and a sparse metallic modernism that the critic is lost for words .

The £5 million contract contained a large measure of conservation work for details such as the replication or repair of Georgian sash windows , panelled doors and stonework .
the £5 million contract contained a large measure of conservation work for details such as the [copy] or repair of georgian sash windows , panelled doors and stonework .

They are responsible for the complete replication of the extreme ends of chromosomal molecules and contribute to chromosome stability in protecting them from exonucleolytic degradation and end to end fusion events ( 2 ) .
they are responsible for the complete [copy] of the extreme ends of chromosomal molecules and contribute to chromosome stability in protecting them from exonucleolytic degradation and end to end fusion events ( 2 ) .

Innovation was illustrated by progress in Tencel and a new super absorbent fibre called Oasis , new antifouling and powder technology in Coatings , and the use of replication in Amtico and the Far East .
innovation was illustrated by progress in tencel and a new super absorbent fibre called oasis , new antifouling and powder technology in coatings , and the use of [copy] in amtico and the far east .

In fact , dna acts as the chemical basis for heredity , serving as a template for its own replication and for instructing the sequence of amino acids and proteins .
in fact , dna acts as the chemical basis for heredity , serving as a template for its own [copy] and for instructing the sequence of amino acids and proteins .

In other words , it was when replication went wrong , when random errors occurred in the copying process , that the process of evolution and extinction forged ahead , to populate the world with offspring slightly different from their progenitors while other genera died out .
in other words , it was when [copy] went wrong , when random errors occurred in the copying process , that the process of evolution and extinction forged ahead , to populate the world with offspring slightly different from their progenitors while other genera died out .

The Coelenterates , of which corals are a good example , excel in the variety of their means of replication .
the coelenterates , of which corals are a good example , excel in the variety of their means of [copy] .

This and the replication in Murchison House , Edinburgh , of courses given at Keyworth led to a substantial increase in staff attendance .
this and the [copy] in murchison house , edinburgh , of courses given at keyworth led to a substantial increase in staff attendance .

However the very fact that the extent of replication is greater with certain classes of metalwork in one region than those of another may be the result of differences in the organisation of their manufacture , even if the actual system is unknown .
however the very fact that the extent of [copy] is greater with certain classes of metalwork in one region than those of another may be the result of differences in the organisation of their manufacture , even if the actual system is unknown .

When such replication and variation is found we may rightly ask , what were the factors controlling the results ?
when such [copy] and variation is found we may rightly ask , what were the factors controlling the results ?

These types of problem extend even to the more commonplace types of metalwork in which the lack of replication might lead to the suggestion that everyday items were produced locally as required ; but were such technical skills possessed by someone on every farm or hamlet , at only a few locations , or was the craftsman a mobile specialist ?
these types of problem extend even to the more commonplace types of metalwork in which the lack of [copy] might lead to the suggestion that everyday items were produced locally as required ; but were such technical skills possessed by someone on every farm or hamlet , at only a few locations , or was the craftsman a mobile specialist ?

The absence of exact replication with most brooch types strongly suggests that each , or each pair or trio , was manufactured as required , thereby introducing a high degree of innovation .
the absence of exact [copy] with most brooch types strongly suggests that each , or each pair or trio , was manufactured as required , thereby introducing a high degree of innovation .

Others believe that the degree of replication , despite small variation , can only have occurred if models were used , yet none have been found at Helgö .
others believe that the degree of [copy] , despite small variation , can only have occurred if models were used , yet none have been found at helgö .

The degree of replication might be the same as that achieved by a traditional potter or modern cartoonist , but with slight variation .
the degree of [copy] might be the same as that achieved by a traditional potter or modern cartoonist , but with slight variation .

Indeed the durable models from England listed by Capelle and Vierck ( 1971 ; 1975 ) are mostly later in the period , and may signify a period when larger scale replication was possible ; put the other way , a time when individual designs were no longer necessary , and the functional aspect was becoming more important .
indeed the durable models from england listed by capelle and vierck ( 1971 ; 1975 ) are mostly later in the period , and may signify a period when larger scale [copy] was possible ; put the other way , a time when individual designs were no longer necessary , and the functional aspect was becoming more important .

But success breeds replication and good examples of provision soon spread to other centres .
but success breeds [copy] and good examples of provision soon spread to other centres .

If changes in conditions disrupt the precise replication of parental characters so as to yield hereditary variation , then , providing only that some of it happens to be adaptive , this will suffice in the long run for selection as a cause of adaptive species formations .
if changes in conditions disrupt the precise [copy] of parental characters so as to yield hereditary variation , then , providing only that some of it happens to be adaptive , this will suffice in the long run for selection as a cause of adaptive species formations .

However and whenever it was first formulated , this pangenetic reduction of every mode of generation to micro-ovulo-gemmation could take inheritance , in so far as it was completely conservative , to be effected by an exact replication of a whole in all its parts ; so that variation , reversion and so on are explicable as disturbances , suspensions and complications of that fundamental replicative tendency .
however and whenever it was first formulated , this pangenetic reduction of every mode of generation to micro-ovulo-gemmation could take inheritance , in so far as it was completely conservative , to be effected by an exact [copy] of a whole in all its parts ; so that variation , reversion and so on are explicable as disturbances , suspensions and complications of that fundamental replicative tendency .

The preferential replication of genes by means of natural selection may well be a necessary condition for evolution to take place , but it is hardly a sufficient explanation for how the enormous diversity of life in space and time has come about .
the preferential [copy] of genes by means of natural selection may well be a necessary condition for evolution to take place , but it is hardly a sufficient explanation for how the enormous diversity of life in space and time has come about .

What is more , because education in England ( at almost every level ) had grown piecemeal there was duplication of programmes , replication , inequality and waste of resources .
what is more , because education in england ( at almost every level ) had grown piecemeal there was duplication of programmes , [copy] , inequality and waste of resources .

This study attracted a good deal of interest and replication ( Blacksell and Gilg , 1975 ) and in a massive appraisal of the approach ( Robinson et al .
this study attracted a good deal of interest and [copy] ( blacksell and gilg , 1975 ) and in a massive appraisal of the approach ( robinson et al .

Her patronage of Bruce Oldfield notwithstanding , the Princess ' instinct for clothes , once freed from the stultifying dullness of her ultra-yah family , has proved to be more High Street than haute couture ; witness the acres of Di-wear replication in major chain stores and at weddings and company dances the length and width of the land ( and in Australia and the United States too where she is a considerable star ) .
her patronage of bruce oldfield notwithstanding , the princess ' instinct for clothes , once freed from the stultifying dullness of her ultra-yah family , has proved to be more high street than haute couture ; witness the acres of di-wear [copy] in major chain stores and at weddings and company dances the length and width of the land ( and in australia and the united states too where she is a considerable star ) .

The first is replication .
the first is [copy] .

To be accepted by the scientific community as true , a result needs , in the first place , to be capable of replication .
to be accepted by the scientific community as true , a result needs , in the first place , to be capable of [copy] .

On its own , replication does not validate a theory derived from experimental results ; it merely shows that the results are obtainable .
on its own , [copy] does not validate a theory derived from experimental results ; it merely shows that the results are obtainable .

Both replication and review can be carried out only where a full and detailed record of the original experiment is provided .
both [copy] and review can be carried out only where a full and detailed record of the original experiment is provided .

Furthermore , there are certain limitations to what we can learn from science because the concept of replication does not obtain in police investigation .
furthermore , there are certain limitations to what we can learn from science because the concept of [copy] does not obtain in police investigation .

It may be interposed here that it is not the past event , the crime , which needs replication for the purpose of verification , but the investigation .
it may be interposed here that it is not the past event , the crime , which needs [copy] for the purpose of verification , but the investigation .

The impossibility of replication in police investigation is not as crippling as might appear at first sight because it is far less important , or even necessary , in the criminal context than in science .
the impossibility of [copy] in police investigation is not as crippling as might appear at first sight because it is far less important , or even necessary , in the criminal context than in science .

These may be of several kinds : point mutations involving protein coding genes or tRNA ( 5–9 ) , or more substantial deletion ( 10–12 ) or duplication type mutations ( 13 ) , localized by most studies in a highly specific single-strand zone during replication ( 14–16 ) .
these may be of several kinds : point mutations involving protein coding genes or trna ( 5–9 ) , or more substantial deletion ( 10–12 ) or duplication type mutations ( 13 ) , localized by most studies in a highly specific single-strand zone during [copy] ( 14–16 ) .

Though our results need replication , this suggests that our results may be applicable to women attempting to conceive naturally .
though our results need [copy] , this suggests that our results may be applicable to women attempting to conceive naturally .

Good science involves collegiality and consensus and the long and arduous process of replication and verification .
good science involves collegiality and consensus and the long and arduous process of [copy] and verification .

They are at once a replication of and a threat to the unitary governing structures of the society in which he lives .
they are at once a [copy] of and a threat to the unitary governing structures of the society in which he lives .

It seeks a consensus among analysts which can be accessed by publishing the `` raw `` data and the methodology , which is thus available for validation by replication .
it seeks a consensus among analysts which can be accessed by publishing the `` raw `` data and the methodology , which is thus available for validation by [copy] .

Second , a court might interpret the rule restrictively so that it only permitted the replication of common law rights and duties or only operated in the regulatory sphere .
second , a court might interpret the rule restrictively so that it only permitted the [copy] of common law rights and duties or only operated in the regulatory sphere .

However physical replicas can only incorporate features and characteristics perceived to be significant at the time of replication and part of the justification for preserving original objects in preference to a copy is that the original can be interrogated in an open-ended way in the light of unforeseen enquiry .
however physical replicas can only incorporate features and characteristics perceived to be significant at the time of [copy] and part of the justification for preserving original objects in preference to a copy is that the original can be interrogated in an open-ended way in the light of unforeseen enquiry .

However , logical replication as distinct from physical replication seems to offer more .
however , logical [copy] as distinct from physical [copy] seems to offer more .

We may say that a living body or organ is well designed if it has attributes that an intelligent and knowledgeable engineer might have built into it in order to achieve some sensible purpose , such as flying , swimming , seeing , eating , reproducing , or more generally promoting the survival and replication of the organism 's genes .
we may say that a living body or organ is well designed if it has attributes that an intelligent and knowledgeable engineer might have built into it in order to achieve some sensible purpose , such as flying , swimming , seeing , eating , reproducing , or more generally promoting the survival and [copy] of the organism 's genes .

( 3 ) Replication Constant :
( 3 ) [copy] constant :

In one , phage replication was wholly dependent on host reproduction .
in one , phage [copy] was wholly dependent on host reproduction .

Loss of viral replication by interferon can lead to a substantial regression of liver disease and probably prolonged survival .
loss of viral [copy] by interferon can lead to a substantial regression of liver disease and probably prolonged survival .

6.1 Embryo fibroblast culture and replication banding
6.1 embryo fibroblast culture and [copy] banding

The problem of introducing a banding regime which survives the in situ hybridization protocol has been largely overcome in man through the introduction of replication G-banding by BrdU substitution ( 20 ) .
the problem of introducing a banding regime which survives the in situ hybridization protocol has been largely overcome in man through the introduction of [copy] g-banding by brdu substitution ( 20 ) .

The alternatives to providing morphologically recognizable chromosomes without resorting to replication banding are either to `` pre-band `` or to `` post-band `` after hybridization .
the alternatives to providing morphologically recognizable chromosomes without resorting to [copy] banding are either to `` pre-band `` or to `` post-band `` after hybridization .

In summary , replication banding of embryonic fibroblast cells provides the best means of locating unique sequences in an unmarked mouse genome and a protocol for this method is described in Table 8 and the results illustrated in Figure 7a .
in summary , [copy] banding of embryonic fibroblast cells provides the best means of locating unique sequences in an unmarked mouse genome and a protocol for this method is described in table 8 and the results illustrated in figure 7a .

If the location of the sequence , or sequences , is completely unknown and requires fine mapping to a G-band ( replication bands are equivalent ) on a chromosome , the practice is to identify each chromosome and to score the position of each silver grain overlying it .
if the location of the sequence , or sequences , is completely unknown and requires fine mapping to a g-band ( [copy] bands are equivalent ) on a chromosome , the practice is to identify each chromosome and to score the position of each silver grain overlying it .

The presence of multiple replication errors or microsatellite instability within tumours is actually associated with increased survival .
the presence of multiple [copy] errors or microsatellite instability within tumours is actually associated with increased survival .

Replication :
[copy] :

Probably many of the products of erratic copying will be found to have lost the property of self replication that their ‘ parent ’ had .
probably many of the products of erratic copying will be found to have lost the property of self [copy] that their ‘ parent ’ had .

The replication processes that we know seem to need complicated machinery to work .
the [copy] processes that we know seem to need complicated machinery to work .

But cumulative selection can not work unless there is some minimal machinery of replication and replicator power , and the only machinery of replication that we know seems too complicated to have come into existence by means of anything less than many generations of cumulative selection !
but cumulative selection can not work unless there is some minimal machinery of [copy] and replicator power , and the only machinery of [copy] that we know seems too complicated to have come into existence by means of anything less than many generations of cumulative selection !

Since it is replication we are interested in , the first thing we must know is , can crystals replicate their structure ?
since it is [copy] we are interested in , the first thing we must know is , can crystals replicate their structure ?

So , we have a speculative picture of mineral crystals on the primeval Earth showing some of the properties of replication , multiplication , heredity and mutation that would have been necessary in order for a form of cumulative selection to get started .
so , we have a speculative picture of mineral crystals on the primeval earth showing some of the properties of [copy] , multiplication , heredity and mutation that would have been necessary in order for a form of cumulative selection to get started .

Meanwhile , the recipient of this altruism stands a better chance of survival and , more importantly , its genes stand improved possibilities for replication and expansion .
meanwhile , the recipient of this altruism stands a better chance of survival and , more importantly , its genes stand improved possibilities for [copy] and expansion .

The ‘ Classical Approach ’ : Growth is measured using a series of relatively infrequent , large harvests ( with much replication of measurements ) .
the ‘ classical approach ’ : growth is measured using a series of relatively infrequent , large harvests ( with much [copy] of measurements ) .

The ‘ Functional Approach ’ : There are fewer though more frequent harvests , with less replication and an attempt is made to fit a function to the data .
the ‘ functional approach ’ : there are fewer though more frequent harvests , with less [copy] and an attempt is made to fit a function to the data .

Second replication to the fourth plea , that the agreement was in the terms of and contained in the letter set out above .
second [copy] to the fourth plea , that the agreement was in the terms of and contained in the letter set out above .

Demurrer to the replication to the fourth plea .
demurrer to the [copy] to the fourth plea .

The precision lies between 3 and 8 % ( coefficient of variation without replication ) over the test range of sugar concentration .
the precision lies between 3 and 8 % ( coefficient of variation without [copy] ) over the test range of sugar concentration .

The rationale for the initial four week course was to decrease viral replication and increase inflammatory activity before the start of the longterm course , thereby enhancing the possibility of response to therapy .
the rationale for the initial four week course was to decrease viral [copy] and increase inflammatory activity before the start of the longterm course , thereby enhancing the possibility of response to therapy .

They ensure their own replication , but , instead of killing the cell they inhabit , they often code for proteins which help the host cell , for example by conferring resistance to drugs , or the ability to perform particular chemical reactions .
they ensure their own [copy] , but , instead of killing the cell they inhabit , they often code for proteins which help the host cell , for example by conferring resistance to drugs , or the ability to perform particular chemical reactions .

Alpha assumes the computing system is distributed , and it includes replication mechanisms to provide distributed programming and ‘ survivability ’ .
alpha assumes the computing system is distributed , and it includes [copy] mechanisms to provide distributed programming and ‘ survivability ’ .

Anything other than an uncritical acceptance is a direct challenge to the idea of the rule of law which has sustained the police since their inception and which argues that the replication of a known system of order is the best means of containing those who need to be controlled .
anything other than an uncritical acceptance is a direct challenge to the idea of the rule of law which has sustained the police since their inception and which argues that the [copy] of a known system of order is the best means of containing those who need to be controlled .

It is almost as if we are confronted here by a replication of the poor Tom described in Ackroyd 's novel by another poor Tom of later times .
it is almost as if we are confronted here by a [copy] of the poor tom described in ackroyd 's novel by another poor tom of later times .

There are a number of examples of effective group and cooperative production organisations in rural Europe , but they are not well known , and are often isolated experiments whose replication has not been attempted or has failed .
there are a number of examples of effective group and cooperative production organisations in rural europe , but they are not well known , and are often isolated experiments whose [copy] has not been attempted or has failed .

Various chemical systems have been demonstrated over the years that can self-replicate , some in a way analogous to the replication of genetic material , using nucleotides as basic units that assemble themselves upon a template .
various chemical systems have been demonstrated over the years that can self-replicate , some in a way analogous to the [copy] of genetic material , using nucleotides as basic units that assemble themselves upon a template .

Despite the imperfect fidelity of replication of the micelles — the average size decreases with time — the Swiss researchers believe that they have demonstrated the suitability of the micellar model as a simple chemical autopoietic system .
despite the imperfect fidelity of [copy] of the micelles — the average size decreases with time — the swiss researchers believe that they have demonstrated the suitability of the micellar model as a simple chemical autopoietic system .

According to one source , it was an immensely slow and difficult process for the British and Nepalese project personnel to get the village panchayat ( village council ) to agree to communal efforts necessary for conservation , seed replication programmes , seedling nurseries , terrace improvements , terrace-back planting , woodfuel lot planting and stock improvement , because of the vissiparious effects of perceived ( and real ) different costs and benefits of various parts of the scheme .
according to one source , it was an immensely slow and difficult process for the british and nepalese project personnel to get the village panchayat ( village council ) to agree to communal efforts necessary for conservation , seed [copy] programmes , seedling nurseries , terrace improvements , terrace-back planting , woodfuel lot planting and stock improvement , because of the vissiparious effects of perceived ( and real ) different costs and benefits of various parts of the scheme .

In a dozen distinct , but related chapters , the author covers ( inter alia ) the formation of the elements in stellar nucleosynthesis , chemistry in the interstellar medium and the Solar System , the energetics of living systems , prebiotic chemistry , and organic replication .
in a dozen distinct , but related chapters , the author covers ( inter alia ) the formation of the elements in stellar nucleosynthesis , chemistry in the interstellar medium and the solar system , the energetics of living systems , prebiotic chemistry , and organic [copy] .

These include decline of the negative feedback of ageing stem cells of the arterial media thus allowing more rapid replication ( Martin et al , 1975 ; Haylick , 1976 ) , and an as yet unidentified platelet factor formed during the platelet-release reaction ( Ganda , 1980 ) .
these include decline of the negative feedback of ageing stem cells of the arterial media thus allowing more rapid [copy] ( martin et al , 1975 ; haylick , 1976 ) , and an as yet unidentified platelet factor formed during the platelet-release reaction ( ganda , 1980 ) .

Although endothelial replication is increased in response to hypertension or hyperlipidaemia ( Florentin et al , 1969 ; Schwartz et al , 1980 ) , this does not necessarily imply that the arterial intima is denuded of endothelium .
although endothelial [copy] is increased in response to hypertension or hyperlipidaemia ( florentin et al , 1969 ; schwartz et al , 1980 ) , this does not necessarily imply that the arterial intima is denuded of endothelium .

The final chance of preventing virus replication beginning , is to inhibit in some way the uncoating stage where coat proteins of the virus dissociate from the genetic material they surround , The third anti-viral drug available now is a cage-like hydrocarbon amine molecule called amantadine , which seems to inhibit the uncoating of influenza viruses in some way .
the final chance of preventing virus [copy] beginning , is to inhibit in some way the uncoating stage where coat proteins of the virus dissociate from the genetic material they surround , the third anti-viral drug available now is a cage-like hydrocarbon amine molecule called amantadine , which seems to inhibit the uncoating of influenza viruses in some way .

Scientists may be more slipshod than they care to admit about replication and falsification ; Broad and Wade do a good job of proving that .
scientists may be more slipshod than they care to admit about [copy] and falsification ; broad and wade do a good job of proving that .

The simplest viruses rely on the enzymes of the infected cell to perform both protein synthesis and gene replication .
the simplest viruses rely on the enzymes of the infected cell to perform both protein synthesis and gene [copy] .

The cycle of infection outlined so far is the pathway of acute viral infection , as in rabies or influenza , in which rapid replication is followed by the release of new viruses to attack other cells .
the cycle of infection outlined so far is the pathway of acute viral infection , as in rabies or influenza , in which rapid [copy] is followed by the release of new viruses to attack other cells .

But some virus infections can follow another path , other than the acute cycle of replication .
but some virus infections can follow another path , other than the acute cycle of [copy] .

At the same time they can interfere with the replication of normal viruses in the cell by using up raw materials .
at the same time they can interfere with the [copy] of normal viruses in the cell by using up raw materials .

However , replication of the study , including matched control cities selected by three different methods , failed to show any differences ( Jennings et al .
however , [copy] of the study , including matched control cities selected by three different methods , failed to show any differences ( jennings et al .

This interesting and surprising result awaits replication .
this interesting and surprising result awaits [copy] .

At once he envisioned what became , by 1953 , the elucidation of the structure of DNA ’ s aperiodic double helix by James Watson and Francis Crick , with the famously understated comment in their original paper that its structure suggests its mode of replication and its mode of encoding genetic information .
at once he envisioned what became , by 1953 , the elucidation of the structure of dna ’ s aperiodic double helix by james watson and francis crick , with the famously understated comment in their original paper that its structure suggests its mode of [copy] and its mode of encoding genetic information .

Must life be based on template replication , as envisioned by Watson and Crick , or as envisioned even earlier by Schrödinger in his aperiodic solid with its microcode ?
must life be based on template [copy] , as envisioned by watson and crick , or as envisioned even earlier by schrödinger in his aperiodic solid with its microcode ?

Could we now state all possible physical systems that might be capable of replication , heritable variation , and natural selection ?
could we now state all possible physical systems that might be capable of [copy] , heritable variation , and natural selection ?

Suppose the red species secretes a red metabolite , at metabolic cost to itself , that aids the replication rate of the blue species .
suppose the red species secretes a red metabolite , at metabolic cost to itself , that aids the [copy] rate of the blue species .

Conversely , suppose the blue species secretes a dierent blue metabolite , at metabolic cost to itself , that increases the replication rate of the red species .
conversely , suppose the blue species secretes a dierent blue metabolite , at metabolic cost to itself , that increases the [copy] rate of the red species .

As discussed in chapter , using a rough mapping of biology to economics , that rate of replication of a bacterium corresponds to economic utility and the increased the rate of replication corresponds to increased economic utility .
as discussed in chapter , using a rough mapping of biology to economics , that rate of [copy] of a bacterium corresponds to economic utility and the increased the rate of [copy] corresponds to increased economic utility .

The excess synthesis of DNA hexamer constitutes excess replication of the hexamer by virtue of the coupling of the trimer-hexamer synthesis to the PP  P + P cycle of reactions , which , as noted next , constitute a “ chemical engine . ”
the excess synthesis of dna hexamer constitutes excess [copy] of the hexamer by virtue of the coupling of the trimer-hexamer synthesis to the pp  p + p cycle of reactions , which , as noted next , constitute a “ chemical engine . ”

This is a good example of how LSC 's coordinating efforts can result in large savings to our programs from replication .
this is a good example of how lsc 's coordinating efforts can result in large savings to our programs from [copy] .

Another tool being used for replication is the national grant for the technology web site ( LSTech , described above ) .
another tool being used for [copy] is the national grant for the technology web site ( lstech , described above ) .

For the receiving water sample type , within-laboratory and between-laboratory components of variability could not be calculated since the study design did not provide within-laboratory replication for this sample type .
for the receiving water sample type , within-laboratory and between-laboratory components of variability could not be calculated since the study design did not provide within-laboratory [copy] for this sample type .

The study design also did not provide within-laboratory replication for the Cyprinodon variegatus Acute Method .
the study design also did not provide within-laboratory [copy] for the cyprinodon variegatus acute method .

Taken together , these findings suggest that the regulatory mechanisms of host defense may be hard-wired in the genome much as DNA replication and cell division are .
taken together , these findings suggest that the regulatory mechanisms of host defense may be hard-wired in the genome much as dna [copy] and cell division are .

In implementing these guidelines , health-care providers face the ongoing challenge of developing treatment strategies that minimize drug-related toxicity and adverse effects while retaining effective control of viral replication .
in implementing these guidelines , health-care providers face the ongoing challenge of developing treatment strategies that minimize drug-related toxicity and adverse effects while retaining effective control of viral [copy] .

We followed a study design with step-wise increases in the length of TI cycles to address potential safety concerns ( resuppression was confirmed after shorter TIs before longer interruptions were initiated ) and the hypothesis that sequential viral replication intervals would stimulate viral control and a delay in time to viral rebound .
we followed a study design with step-wise increases in the length of ti cycles to address potential safety concerns ( resuppression was confirmed after shorter tis before longer interruptions were initiated ) and the hypothesis that sequential viral [copy] intervals would stimulate viral control and a delay in time to viral rebound .

Viral replication magnitude as defined by mean HIV-1 plasma RNA area under the curve ( AUC HIV RNA ) was measured as a secondary outcome at weeks 12 and 20 of phase II based on reinitiation-of-therapy criteria outlined above .
viral [copy] magnitude as defined by mean hiv-1 plasma rna area under the curve ( auc hiv rna ) was measured as a secondary outcome at weeks 12 and 20 of phase ii based on reinitiation-of-therapy criteria outlined above .

Following reinitiation of therapy after phase II , patients suppressed viral replication to less than 50 copies/ml by a median time of 10 ( 6–12 ) wk in both arms , excluding for two patients in the continuous therapy/single interruption arm who elected to stay off ART indefinitely and one patient from the repeated interruptions arm who reported nonadherence following regimen reinitiation yet reached 52 copies/ml before withdrawing from additional follow-up .
following reinitiation of therapy after phase ii , patients suppressed viral [copy] to less than 50 copies/ml by a median time of 10 ( 6–12 ) wk in both arms , excluding for two patients in the continuous therapy/single interruption arm who elected to stay off art indefinitely and one patient from the repeated interruptions arm who reported nonadherence following regimen reinitiation yet reached 52 copies/ml before withdrawing from additional follow-up .

Additional secondary analysis of the magnitude of viral load as shown in Figure 3 ( second panel ) showed similar viral replication as determined by mean AUC HIV RNA analysis at week 12 ( single TI , median = 124,621 [ 23,326–262,348 ] AUC HIV RNA ; repeated TI , median = 100,400 [ 47,221–365,731 ] AUC HIV RNA ; p > 0.05 ) or week 20 ( single TI , median = 114,550 [ 31,829–362,628 ] AUC HIV RNA ; repeated TI , median = 153,097 [ 67,427–515,421 ] AUC HIV RNA ; p > 0.05 ) .
additional secondary analysis of the magnitude of viral load as shown in figure 3 ( second panel ) showed similar viral [copy] as determined by mean auc hiv rna analysis at week 12 ( single ti , median = 124,621 [ 23,326–262,348 ] auc hiv rna ; repeated ti , median = 100,400 [ 47,221–365,731 ] auc hiv rna ; p > 0.05 ) or week 20 ( single ti , median = 114,550 [ 31,829–362,628 ] auc hiv rna ; repeated ti , median = 153,097 [ 67,427–515,421 ] auc hiv rna ; p > 0.05 ) .

In contrast , our strategy mandated resuppression of viral replication to less than 50 copies/ml before each TI and presents the first comparison of viral replication during a final open-ended interruption of therapy between patients randomized to complete three sequential TIs or stay under continuous therapy .
in contrast , our strategy mandated resuppression of viral [copy] to less than 50 copies/ml before each ti and presents the first comparison of viral [copy] during a final open-ended interruption of therapy between patients randomized to complete three sequential tis or stay under continuous therapy .

Secondary as-treated analysis on viral replication magnitude also indicated a lack of difference between arms .
secondary as-treated analysis on viral [copy] magnitude also indicated a lack of difference between arms .

Interestingly , the increase in CD8 T cell number also corresponded with an increase in HIV-specific responses as measured by interferon-gamma expression ( data not shown ) , which in light of an absence of effect on viral load between arms further supports that TI strategies alone may not significantly alter the pre-existing balance between viral replication and host antiviral responses [ 14,16,23,24 ] .
interestingly , the increase in cd8 t cell number also corresponded with an increase in hiv-specific responses as measured by interferon-gamma expression ( data not shown ) , which in light of an absence of effect on viral load between arms further supports that ti strategies alone may not significantly alter the pre-existing balance between viral [copy] and host antiviral responses [ 14,16,23,24 ] .

We did not observe a greater clinical failure of NNRTI-based regimens in the repeated interruption arm due to “ single drug ” periods as predicted by recently redefined drug half-life estimates and the presence of viral replication during each interruption [ 25,26,27 ] .
we did not observe a greater clinical failure of nnrti-based regimens in the repeated interruption arm due to “ single drug ” periods as predicted by recently redefined drug half-life estimates and the presence of viral [copy] during each interruption [ 25,26,27 ] .

These adaptations may include the resistance-associated mutations , which were detected , as well as secondary mutations that may increase the viral replication capacity [ 35,36 ] or envelope adaptations required to escape concurrent humoral immune responses [ 37,38 ] .
these adaptations may include the resistance-associated mutations , which were detected , as well as secondary mutations that may increase the viral [copy] capacity [ 35,36 ] or envelope adaptations required to escape concurrent humoral immune responses [ 37,38 ] .

A recent screen for spontaneous duplications in yeast suggests that replication-dependent chromosome breakages also play a significant role in generating tandem duplications , because duplication breakpoints are enriched at replication termination sites ( Koszul et al .
a recent screen for spontaneous duplications in yeast suggests that replication-dependent chromosome breakages also play a significant role in generating tandem duplications , because duplication breakpoints are enriched at [copy] termination sites ( koszul et al .

Moreover , viral replication and rebound—which eventually occurred in all participants—is seen by some researchers as inherently detrimental , and these experts argue that treatment interruptions are unsafe and their use should be discontinued .
moreover , viral [copy] and rebound—which eventually occurred in all participants—is seen by some researchers as inherently detrimental , and these experts argue that treatment interruptions are unsafe and their use should be discontinued .

Alternatively , if a breakthrough of virus replication was observed , this would provide a boost in HIV-1-specific immunity after reinstitution of antiviral therapy .
alternatively , if a breakthrough of virus [copy] was observed , this would provide a boost in hiv-1-specific immunity after reinstitution of antiviral therapy .

Cd8+ T cell responses prior to treatment interruptions were not significantly predictive of the duration of time that patients are able to spontaneously control HIV-1 replication , as defined by the study criteria .
cd8+ t cell responses prior to treatment interruptions were not significantly predictive of the duration of time that patients are able to spontaneously control hiv-1 [copy] , as defined by the study criteria .

These data indicate that although early treatment of acute and early infection is frequently associated with transient control of viremia after STI , ongoing low-level viral replication is associated with ultimate virologic breakthrough in most patients .
these data indicate that although early treatment of acute and early infection is frequently associated with transient control of viremia after sti , ongoing low-level viral [copy] is associated with ultimate virologic breakthrough in most patients .

Two Different Cell Lineages In all sexual animals and plants , production of an egg cell involves meiosis , the complex cellular process ( involving DNA replication , recombination , and two nuclear divisions ) whereby one diploid nucleus ( with two copies of each chromosome ) becomes four genetically different haploid nuclei ( each with one copy of each chromosome ) .
two different cell lineages in all sexual animals and plants , production of an egg cell involves meiosis , the complex cellular process ( involving dna [copy] , recombination , and two nuclear divisions ) whereby one diploid nucleus ( with two copies of each chromosome ) becomes four genetically different haploid nuclei ( each with one copy of each chromosome ) .

This list includes stringent laboratory controls ; cloning of products amplified by polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) ; replication of results from a second , independent extract ; and , for really new or unexpected results , replication of results by an independent research group .
this list includes stringent laboratory controls ; cloning of products amplified by polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) ; [copy] of results from a second , independent extract ; and , for really new or unexpected results , [copy] of results by an independent research group .

For Cooper , this is the sort of study that should require replication by an independent laboratory before publication .
for cooper , this is the sort of study that should require [copy] by an independent laboratory before publication .

After replication , the chromosomes ( now comprising two chromatids ) align at the center of the cell , and are attached to a structure known as the spindle apparatus .
after [copy] , the chromosomes ( now comprising two chromatids ) align at the center of the cell , and are attached to a structure known as the spindle apparatus .

The associations between cohesion and DNA replication have led to a model whereby cohesion is established coincident with the passage of the replication fork [ 25 ] .
the associations between cohesion and dna [copy] have led to a model whereby cohesion is established coincident with the passage of the [copy] fork [ 25 ] .

This requires an alternative replication factor C ( RF-C ) complex [ 26,27,28 ] and may require the origin recognition complex ( ORC ) [ 29 ] .
this requires an alternative [copy] factor c ( rf-c ) complex [ 26,27,28 ] and may require the origin recognition complex ( orc ) [ 29 ] .

Suppression of viral replication in chronic carriers of HBV is an effective approach to controlling disease progression .
suppression of viral [copy] in chronic carriers of hbv is an effective approach to controlling disease progression .

In this month 's PLoS Medicine , Lisa F. P. Ng and colleagues describe the identification of a host factor that has a significant effect on viral replication efficiency .
in this month 's plos medicine , lisa f. p. ng and colleagues describe the identification of a host factor that has a significant effect on viral [copy] efficiency .

On further examination of the role of hnRNPK in HBV replication , they established that hnRNPK is capable of acting on the full length of HBV , rather than just a partial fragment .
on further examination of the role of hnrnpk in hbv [copy] , they established that hnrnpk is capable of acting on the full length of hbv , rather than just a partial fragment .

They compared four full-length replicative HBV clones , identical except for a single base change at position 1752 , that were transfected with two different hnRNPK expression constructs and showed that 1752A was more efficient at promoting replication than the other three variants .
they compared four full-length replicative hbv clones , identical except for a single base change at position 1752 , that were transfected with two different hnrnpk expression constructs and showed that 1752a was more efficient at promoting [copy] than the other three variants .

To further show the role of hnRNPK in HBV replication , the team tested the effect of over-expression and down-regulation of the cellular protein .
to further show the role of hnrnpk in hbv [copy] , the team tested the effect of over-expression and down-regulation of the cellular protein .

Despite these findings , the mechanism behind hnRNPK on HBV replication needs further exploration , the authors say , concluding that viral replication efficiency was determined by a combination of viral sequence and interaction with specific host proteins .
despite these findings , the mechanism behind hnrnpk on hbv [copy] needs further exploration , the authors say , concluding that viral [copy] efficiency was determined by a combination of viral sequence and interaction with specific host proteins .

They describe parallels with anti-EGFR antibody treatment of breast cancer cells , which produced a decrease in cell replication rate and corresponding reduction in hnRNPK expression levels ; this result suggested that hnRNPK levels could be modulated by anti-EGFR treatment , thus highlighting new treatment options for altering the HBV viral load in chronic carriers .
they describe parallels with anti-egfr antibody treatment of breast cancer cells , which produced a decrease in cell [copy] rate and corresponding reduction in hnrnpk expression levels ; this result suggested that hnrnpk levels could be modulated by anti-egfr treatment , thus highlighting new treatment options for altering the hbv viral load in chronic carriers .

Indeed , in many of these latently infected cells , the induction of NF-κB or the addition of Tat leads to the reactivation of viral replication and spreading of the infection [ 20,21 ] .
indeed , in many of these latently infected cells , the induction of nf-κb or the addition of tat leads to the reactivation of viral [copy] and spreading of the infection [ 20,21 ] .

As to HIV , how can we use our knowledge of P-TEFb to slow down viral replication and/or to eliminate the state of proviral latency in the host ?
as to hiv , how can we use our knowledge of p-tefb to slow down viral [copy] and/or to eliminate the state of proviral latency in the host ?

Our focus on first-stage genome scans does not adequately capture the evidence supporting replication for certain regions ( e.g. , 6p ) [ 13–18 ] .
our focus on first-stage genome scans does not adequately capture the evidence supporting [copy] for certain regions ( e.g. , 6p ) [ 13–18 ] .

However , there appears to be “ soft ” replication across studies .
however , there appears to be “ soft ” [copy] across studies .

There are several potential reasons why clear-cut or “ hard ” replication was not found .
there are several potential reasons why clear-cut or “ hard ” [copy] was not found .

Similar to the linkage study data , “ hard ” replication remains elusive .
similar to the linkage study data , “ hard ” [copy] remains elusive .

This encouraging summation of work in progress masks a critical issue—the lack or consistent replication for the same markers and haplotypes across studies .
this encouraging summation of work in progress masks a critical issue—the lack or consistent [copy] for the same markers and haplotypes across studies .

In contrast , association studies of other complex human genetic diseases have produced unambiguous , consistent , and clear-cut ( “ hard ” ) replication .
in contrast , association studies of other complex human genetic diseases have produced unambiguous , consistent , and clear-cut ( “ hard ” ) [copy] .

Power/type 2 error appears to be a major factor—if the genetic effect is sufficiently large ( HLA in Type 1 diabetes mellitus or CFH in age-related macular degeneration ) —or , if the sample size is large , then there appears to be a greater chance of “ hard ” replication .
power/type 2 error appears to be a major factor—if the genetic effect is sufficiently large ( hla in type 1 diabetes mellitus or cfh in age-related macular degeneration ) —or , if the sample size is large , then there appears to be a greater chance of “ hard ” [copy] .

Findings from the accumulated literature appear to be more than chance yet sufficiently variable as to render “ hard ” replication elusive .
findings from the accumulated literature appear to be more than chance yet sufficiently variable as to render “ hard ” [copy] elusive .

Indeed , it has been estimated that the deleterious mutation rate in viruses that replicate using RNA polymerases ( either reverse transcriptase in the case of retroviruses or RNA-dependent RNA polymerase for other RNA viruses ) is on the order of one error per replication cycle , so that many of the viral progeny produced by replication are defective ( Elena and Moya 1999 ) .
indeed , it has been estimated that the deleterious mutation rate in viruses that replicate using rna polymerases ( either reverse transcriptase in the case of retroviruses or rna-dependent rna polymerase for other rna viruses ) is on the order of one error per [copy] cycle , so that many of the viral progeny produced by [copy] are defective ( elena and moya 1999 ) .

The results produced to date are highly encouraging , particularly when these error-inducing drugs are combined with more conventional treatment strategies that aim to reduce the rate of viral replication ( Pariente et al .
the results produced to date are highly encouraging , particularly when these error-inducing drugs are combined with more conventional treatment strategies that aim to reduce the rate of viral [copy] ( pariente et al .

Seldom has a single anecdotal case stimulated as much hope as the 1999 report of an acutely infected patient who appeared to control HIV replication after two short treatment interruptions [ 1 ] .
seldom has a single anecdotal case stimulated as much hope as the 1999 report of an acutely infected patient who appeared to control hiv [copy] after two short treatment interruptions [ 1 ] .

This , in turn , according to the hypothesis , leads to control of viral replication by a healed and appropriately stimulated immune response to the patient 's HIV infection .
this , in turn , according to the hypothesis , leads to control of viral [copy] by a healed and appropriately stimulated immune response to the patient 's hiv infection .

This led Rosenberg and colleagues to ask whether HIV-specific proliferative responses were a necessary and sufficient cause of long-term non-progression or just an immunologic consequence of controlled virus replication .
this led rosenberg and colleagues to ask whether hiv-specific proliferative responses were a necessary and sufficient cause of long-term non-progression or just an immunologic consequence of controlled virus [copy] .

Their report of virologic control in patients who interrupted therapy after early treatment raised hope that if HIV infection was treated early enough , the immune system could be repaired sufficiently to allow for long-term immunologic control of HIV replication [ 3 ] .
their report of virologic control in patients who interrupted therapy after early treatment raised hope that if hiv infection was treated early enough , the immune system could be repaired sufficiently to allow for long-term immunologic control of hiv [copy] [ 3 ] .

Other studies indicated that HIV-specific CD4+ T cells were being preferentially infected , often massively , during treatment interruptions [ 6 ] , and that proliferative responses were more likely to be a consequence—rather than a cause—of decreased HIV replication [ 7 ] .
other studies indicated that hiv-specific cd4+ t cells were being preferentially infected , often massively , during treatment interruptions [ 6 ] , and that proliferative responses were more likely to be a consequence—rather than a cause—of decreased hiv [copy] [ 7 ] .

Where complex T cell functions did show such a correlation , the data indicated that viral replication was adversely affecting the character of the T cell immune response to HIV , and not the other way around [ 9 ] .
where complex t cell functions did show such a correlation , the data indicated that viral [copy] was adversely affecting the character of the t cell immune response to hiv , and not the other way around [ 9 ] .

Finally , one of the acutely treated patients within Rosenberg 's cohort became superinfected with a second strain of HIV despite excellent control of viral replication and significant recognition of the superinfecting strain by the pre-existing T cell response [ 10 ] .
finally , one of the acutely treated patients within rosenberg 's cohort became superinfected with a second strain of hiv despite excellent control of viral [copy] and significant recognition of the superinfecting strain by the pre-existing t cell response [ 10 ] .

Why is it that early antiretroviral treatment , even if it does lead to better control of viral replication , does not protect against CD4+ T cell depletion ?
why is it that early antiretroviral treatment , even if it does lead to better control of viral [copy] , does not protect against cd4+ t cell depletion ?

Thus , even low-level viral replication is then sufficient to deplete the remaining central and peripheral reserves [ 12 ] .
thus , even low-level viral [copy] is then sufficient to deplete the remaining central and peripheral reserves [ 12 ] .

Since most current vaccine strategies are based upon the hypothesis that induction of T cell immunity will lead to control of viral replication , it is difficult to be optimistic when a strong and broad immune response is unable to prevent disease progression .
since most current vaccine strategies are based upon the hypothesis that induction of t cell immunity will lead to control of viral [copy] , it is difficult to be optimistic when a strong and broad immune response is unable to prevent disease progression .

It remains to be determined how much this adversely affects the HIV-specific immune response , and whether an immune response generated by vaccination before any HIV replication ( a prophylactic vaccine ) might be better able to control virus replication .
it remains to be determined how much this adversely affects the hiv-specific immune response , and whether an immune response generated by vaccination before any hiv [copy] ( a prophylactic vaccine ) might be better able to control virus [copy] .

There , some of the world 's most pretentious and absurd architecture beckons visitors from around the world to see such sights as in-house acrobats or an art museum , a battle of full-size pirate ships , or to tour an ersatz Paris , Egypt or other improbable replication .
there , some of the world 's most pretentious and absurd architecture beckons visitors from around the world to see such sights as in-house acrobats or an art museum , a battle of full-size pirate ships , or to tour an ersatz paris , egypt or other improbable [copy] .

Gregor Mendel , and then James D. Watson and Francis Crick , showed how replication itself could be understood in physical terms .
gregor mendel , and then james d. watson and francis crick , showed how [copy] itself could be understood in physical terms .

In light of those cloned mice `` Today 's Papers '' has taken to calling the `` Hawaiian Five-O , '' the WP runs a front-pager addressing how various religions view genetic replication .
in light of those cloned mice `` today 's papers '' has taken to calling the `` hawaiian five-o , '' the wp runs a front-pager addressing how various religions view genetic [copy] .

