Bellows made the request while the all-woman jury was out of the courtroom .
bellows made the [ask for] while the all-woman jury was out of the courtroom .

Council president Frank SanAntonio said yesterday he may ask the council to formally request Town Solicitor Michael A. Abatuno to draft the ordinance .
council president frank sanantonio said yesterday he may ask the council to formally [ask for] town solicitor michael a. abatuno to draft the ordinance .

Mrs. Molvar , who kept reiterating her request that they `` please take a stand '' , said , `` We must have faith in somebody -- on the local level , and it wouldn't be possible for everyone to rush to a school to get their children '' .
mrs. molvar , who kept reiterating her [ask for] that they `` please take a stand '' , said , `` we must have faith in somebody -- on the local level , and it wouldn't be possible for everyone to rush to a school to get their children '' .

This dissatisfaction led to Howsam's request that the video not be terminated before the end of the game .
this dissatisfaction led to howsam's [ask for] that the video not be terminated before the end of the game .

The jury , which was locked up in a motel overnight , was canvassed at the request of Walker after the verdict was announced .
the jury , which was locked up in a motel overnight , was canvassed at the [ask for] of walker after the verdict was announced .

One of the first moves made after a cabinet decision was to request the United States to establish a full-fledged military assistance group instead of the current civilian body .
one of the first moves made after a cabinet decision was to [ask for] the united states to establish a full-fledged military assistance group instead of the current civilian body .

A note making the request was handed to U.S. Ambassador Winthrop G. Brown .
a note making the [ask for] was handed to u.s. ambassador winthrop g. brown .

Downtown and art theater managers and owners , contacted Friday night for comment on the COAHR request , said they had no knowledge of such a letter , and that it was not in the Friday mail .
downtown and art theater managers and owners , contacted friday night for comment on the coahr [ask for] , said they had no knowledge of such a letter , and that it was not in the friday mail .

No request for emergency allotment had yet been received , however .
no [ask for] for emergency allotment had yet been received , however .

The railroad president made the statement in an interview as the Interstate Commerce Commission opened Round 2 of its hearing into the C & O's request to control and then merge with the B & Aj .
the railroad president made the statement in an interview as the interstate commerce commission opened round 2 of its hearing into the c & o's [ask for] to control and then merge with the b & aj .

The request for lower rates originated with the Southern railway , which has spent a good deal of time and money developing a 100-ton hopper car with which it says it can move grain at about half what it costs in the conventional , smaller car .
the [ask for] for lower rates originated with the southern railway , which has spent a good deal of time and money developing a 100-ton hopper car with which it says it can move grain at about half what it costs in the conventional , smaller car .

A catalogue is available on request .
a catalogue is available on [ask for] .

It takes many forms , this prayer , but in essence it is always a request for guidance , for open minds and gentle hearts , for honesty and sincerity , for the wisdom and the insights that will help Guideposts' readers .
it takes many forms , this prayer , but in essence it is always a [ask for] for guidance , for open minds and gentle hearts , for honesty and sincerity , for the wisdom and the insights that will help guideposts' readers .

Dance teachers can respond to President Kennedy's request not only through their regular dance work , but also through the kind of basic gymnastic work that makes for strength and flexibility .
dance teachers can respond to president kennedy's [ask for] not only through their regular dance work , but also through the kind of basic gymnastic work that makes for strength and flexibility .

Only a few years ago a middle western college circulated a request for a teacher of interior design .
only a few years ago a middle western college circulated a [ask for] for a teacher of interior design .

They also called upon Diane with a request for a look at her passport .
they also called upon diane with a [ask for] for a look at her passport .

Should any slave change his mind and request to leave earlier , Giffen was to provide passage at once .
should any slave change his mind and [ask for] to leave earlier , giffen was to provide passage at once .

This method of countin' was usually done at the request , and in the presence , of a representative of the bank that held the papers against the herd .
this method of countin' was usually done at the [ask for] , and in the presence , of a representative of the bank that held the papers against the herd .

While fifty years before , Albert Goodwill Spalding , secretary of the Chicago Ball Club of the National League , could write earnestly to the manager of the Buffalo club and request a guarantee of one hundred dollars for a baseball game in August , in this Golden Era a game at the Yankee Stadium might bring in nearly a hundred thousand dollars at the gate .
while fifty years before , albert goodwill spalding , secretary of the chicago ball club of the national league , could write earnestly to the manager of the buffalo club and [ask for] a guarantee of one hundred dollars for a baseball game in august , in this golden era a game at the yankee stadium might bring in nearly a hundred thousand dollars at the gate .

`` the matters to be considered are obviously of a grave character , and I therefore respectfully request that the hearing be postponed for two weeks in order that I might make adequate preparation '' .
`` the matters to be considered are obviously of a grave character , and i therefore respectfully [ask for] that the hearing be postponed for two weeks in order that i might make adequate preparation '' .

Anne was furious , and Bolingbroke advised that the request be refused .
anne was furious , and bolingbroke advised that the [ask for] be refused .

Accordingly the request was granted , but the Elector himself , who had not been consulted by his mother , rejected the proposal and recalled his agent Schutz , whose impolitic handling of the affair had caused the Hanoverian interest to suffer and had made Oxford's dismissal more likely than ever .
accordingly the [ask for] was granted , but the elector himself , who had not been consulted by his mother , rejected the proposal and recalled his agent schutz , whose impolitic handling of the affair had caused the hanoverian interest to suffer and had made oxford's dismissal more likely than ever .

Every recorded request by Thomas for a delay in a flank movement or an advance was to gain time to take care of his horses .
every recorded [ask for] by thomas for a delay in a flank movement or an advance was to gain time to take care of his horses .

He refused his consent to the election of Quiney as bailiff in 1592 , but gave it at the request of the recorder , his cousin Sir Fulke Greville .
he refused his consent to the election of quiney as bailiff in 1592 , but gave it at the [ask for] of the recorder , his cousin sir fulke greville .

Through the SBA's Management Counseling Program , practical , personalized advice on sound management principles is available upon request to both prospective and established businessmen in a community .
through the sba's management counseling program , practical , personalized advice on sound management principles is available upon [ask for] to both prospective and established businessmen in a community .

Small Business Administration , What It Is , What It Does , SBA Services For Community Economic Development , and various other useful publications on currently important management , technical production , and marketing topics are available , on request , from Small Business Administration , Washington 25 , D.C. .
small business administration , what it is , what it does , sba services for community economic development , and various other useful publications on currently important management , technical production , and marketing topics are available , on [ask for] , from small business administration , washington 25 , d.c. .

and Small Business Pooling are available , on request , from Small Business Administration , Washington 25 , D.C. , and its regional offices .
and small business pooling are available , on [ask for] , from small business administration , washington 25 , d.c. , and its regional offices .

Available , on request , from U.S. Department of Agriculture , Washington 25 , D.C. , are : Cooperative Farm Credit Can Assist In Rural Development ( Circular No. 44 ) , and The Cooperative Farm Credit System ( Circular No. 36-A ) .
available , on [ask for] , from u.s. department of agriculture , washington 25 , d.c. , are : cooperative farm credit can assist in rural development ( circular no. 44 ) , and the cooperative farm credit system ( circular no. 36-a ) .

Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts ? ?
is there objection to the [ask for] of the gentleman from massachusetts ? ?

In connection with any claim decided by the Commission pursuant to this Title in which an award is made , the Commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .
in connection with any claim decided by the commission pursuant to this title in which an award is made , the commission may , upon the written [ask for] of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .

The Commission shall certify to the Secretary of State , upon his request , copies of the formal submissions of claims filed pursuant to subsection ( B ) of Section 4 of this Act for transmission to the foreign government concerned .
the commission shall certify to the secretary of state , upon his [ask for] , copies of the formal submissions of claims filed pursuant to subsection ( b ) of section 4 of this act for transmission to the foreign government concerned .

The senior policy officer may be moved to think hard about a problem by any of an infinite variety of stimuli : an idea in his own head , the suggestions of a colleague , a question from the Secretary or the President , a proposal by another department , a communication from a foreign government or an American ambassador abroad , the filing of an item for the agenda of the United Nations or of any other of dozens of international bodies , a news item read at the breakfast table , a question to the President or the Secretary at a news conference , a speech by a Senator or Congressman , an article in a periodical , a resolution from a national organization , a request for assistance from some private American interests abroad , et cetera , ad infinitum .
the senior policy officer may be moved to think hard about a problem by any of an infinite variety of stimuli : an idea in his own head , the suggestions of a colleague , a question from the secretary or the president , a proposal by another department , a communication from a foreign government or an american ambassador abroad , the filing of an item for the agenda of the united nations or of any other of dozens of international bodies , a news item read at the breakfast table , a question to the president or the secretary at a news conference , a speech by a senator or congressman , an article in a periodical , a resolution from a national organization , a [ask for] for assistance from some private american interests abroad , et cetera , ad infinitum .

The Government of India agrees to furnish , upon request of the United States of America , information on the progress of the program , particularly with respect to the arrival and condition of commodities and the provisions for the maintenance of usual marketings , and information relating to exports of the same or like commodities .
the government of india agrees to furnish , upon [ask for] of the united states of america , information on the progress of the program , particularly with respect to the arrival and condition of commodities and the provisions for the maintenance of usual marketings , and information relating to exports of the same or like commodities .

The two Governments will , upon the request of either of them , consult regarding any matter relating to the application of this Agreement or to the operation of arrangements carried out pursuant to this Agreement .
the two governments will , upon the [ask for] of either of them , consult regarding any matter relating to the application of this agreement or to the operation of arrangements carried out pursuant to this agreement .

The Government of India will provide facilities for the conversions of the rupee equivalent of $4 million ( up to a maximum of $1 million per year ) accruing under the subject agreement for agricultural market development purposes into currencies other than United States dollars on request of the Government of the United States of America .
the government of india will provide facilities for the conversions of the rupee equivalent of $4 million ( up to a maximum of $1 million per year ) accruing under the subject agreement for agricultural market development purposes into currencies other than united states dollars on [ask for] of the government of the united states of america .

The Government of India shall enable the authorized representatives of the United States to observe and review agreed projects and the utilization of goods and services financed under the projects , and shall furnish to the United States all such information as it shall reasonably request concerning the above-mentioned matters and the expenditures related thereto .
the government of india shall enable the authorized representatives of the united states to observe and review agreed projects and the utilization of goods and services financed under the projects , and shall furnish to the united states all such information as it shall reasonably [ask for] concerning the above-mentioned matters and the expenditures related thereto .

Extensions are not granted as a matter of course , and the reasons for your request must be substantial .
extensions are not granted as a matter of course , and the reasons for your [ask for] must be substantial .

If you are unable to sign the request , because of illness or other good cause , another person who stands in close personal or business relationship to you may sign the request on your behalf , stating the reason why you are unable to sign .
if you are unable to sign the [ask for] , because of illness or other good cause , another person who stands in close personal or business relationship to you may sign the [ask for] on your behalf , stating the reason why you are unable to sign .

You should make any request for an extension early so that if it is refused , your return may still be on time .
you should make any [ask for] for an extension early so that if it is refused , your return may still be on time .

As seen in the B. family , there must be an attempt to help the client develop conscious awareness of the problem , especially in the absence of a formal request for assistance .
as seen in the b. family , there must be an attempt to help the client develop conscious awareness of the problem , especially in the absence of a formal [ask for] for assistance .

For example , child welfare experience abounds with cases in which the parental request for substitute care is precipitated by a crisis event which is meaningfully linked with a fundamental unresolved problem of family relationships .
for example , child welfare experience abounds with cases in which the parental [ask for] for substitute care is precipitated by a crisis event which is meaningfully linked with a fundamental unresolved problem of family relationships .

However , the Attorney General of California , at the request of the Secretary of Labor , sought to have the jurisdiction over the issue removed to the Federal District Court , on grounds that it was predominantly a Federal issue since the validity of the Secretary's Regulation was being challenged .
however , the attorney general of california , at the [ask for] of the secretary of labor , sought to have the jurisdiction over the issue removed to the federal district court , on grounds that it was predominantly a federal issue since the validity of the secretary's regulation was being challenged .

Finding him dead , Cook caught Russell's horse and rode to the cattle foreman's house to report the incident and request bloodhounds to trail the assassins .
finding him dead , cook caught russell's horse and rode to the cattle foreman's house to report the incident and [ask for] bloodhounds to trail the assassins .

I'm calling you , Mr. Nelson , at the request of Mr. Phillip Wycoff .
i'm calling you , mr. nelson , at the [ask for] of mr. phillip wycoff .

Digby calmed down , but made one request .
digby calmed down , but made one [ask for] .

she was already considering putting in rebellious requests for duty at San Diego , Bremerton , the Great Lakes , Pensacola -- any place the Navy had a hospital -- with a threat to resign her commission if the request were not granted .
she was already considering putting in rebellious requests for duty at san diego , bremerton , the great lakes , pensacola -- any place the navy had a hospital -- with a threat to resign her commission if the [ask for] were not granted .

Carrie seemed more affectionate , but obviously Julia had respected his request .
carrie seemed more affectionate , but obviously julia had respected his [ask for] .

Pete stood by with a slide and took the smear , sent it down to the lab with a request for the test .
pete stood by with a slide and took the smear , sent it down to the lab with a [ask for] for the test .

Mr Butler says he will put in another request for more officers .
mr butler says he will put in another [ask for] for more officers .

At the request of the family the music of the Small Faces ' Lazy Sunday Afternoon was played at the service .
at the [ask for] of the family the music of the small faces ' lazy sunday afternoon was played at the service .

And her diary reveals claims that her request for a purely platonic friendship had been loosely interpreted by Gerald .
and her diary reveals claims that her [ask for] for a purely platonic friendship had been loosely interpreted by gerald .

The Malvern Hills have been looked after by the Conservators for around one hundred and ten years.Now they 're asking Parliament for more powers.And it 's that request which has led to controversy .
the malvern hills have been looked after by the conservators for around one hundred and ten years.now they 're asking parliament for more powers.and it 's that [ask for] which has led to controversy .

But after deliberation the Home Office request for a ban was rejected .
but after deliberation the home office [ask for] for a ban was rejected .

last night but there was a request for
last night but there was a [ask for] for

Oh oh Arthur a request from
oh oh arthur a [ask for] from

This was discussed at Public Transport at its last meeting , and there 's quite a lot of preamble , but basically erm in response to this request , erm Mr Townsend said that he reported the bus and coach council was looking at the question of pollution and green issues generally , and was about to produce a document suggesting ways forward .
this was discussed at public transport at its last meeting , and there 's quite a lot of preamble , but basically erm in response to this [ask for] , erm mr townsend said that he reported the bus and coach council was looking at the question of pollution and green issues generally , and was about to produce a document suggesting ways forward .

He began as an alto player in the 1930s playing with such musicians as Teddy Buckner and Jimmy Lunceford , before taking up the tenor saxophone at the request of Howard McGhee in the mid-1940s .
he began as an alto player in the 1930s playing with such musicians as teddy buckner and jimmy lunceford , before taking up the tenor saxophone at the [ask for] of howard mcghee in the mid-1940s .

with the request to have that back thing done for him
with the [ask for] to have that back thing done for him

The men , who covered 1,350 miles unaided and set two world records , were said to be ‘ more dead than alive ’ when they radioed their base camp to request an airlift .
the men , who covered 1,350 miles unaided and set two world records , were said to be ‘ more dead than alive ’ when they radioed their base camp to [ask for] an airlift .

Tyson 's legal team predicted that the Indiana Court of Appeals would give serious consideration to the boxer 's request for a new hearing .
tyson 's legal team predicted that the indiana court of appeals would give serious consideration to the boxer 's [ask for] for a new hearing .

The Orkney Fisheries Association executive committee has agreed that a request should be made to the Government .
the orkney fisheries association executive committee has agreed that a [ask for] should be made to the government .

Members of the housing committee of the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities were told of a complaint by Tweeddale District Council over a request by a tenant , who was exercising his right-to-buy for the first time , that his fiancee be included as a joint purchaser .
members of the housing committee of the convention of scottish local authorities were told of a complaint by tweeddale district council over a [ask for] by a tenant , who was exercising his right-to-buy for the first time , that his fiancee be included as a joint purchaser .

‘ This is a reasonable request which will result in enhancing the negotiation process , ’ he said .
‘ this is a reasonable [ask for] which will result in enhancing the negotiation process , ’ he said .

‘ We received a letter saying our request was not unreasonable , ’ said Mrs Jago .
‘ we received a letter saying our [ask for] was not unreasonable , ’ said mrs jago .

Mr Rushdie said that such a meeting would be a ‘ symbolic gesture ’ , adding that a request for a meeting had formally gone in and was on the table .
mr rushdie said that such a meeting would be a ‘ symbolic gesture ’ , adding that a [ask for] for a meeting had formally gone in and was on the table .

The leader of that team , Frenchman Patrice Palanque , said it would depart today after a day off at the Iraqis ' request on Friday , the Muslim sabbath .
the leader of that team , frenchman patrice palanque , said it would depart today after a day off at the iraqis ' [ask for] on friday , the muslim sabbath .

Russian authorities are expected to file a request for his extradition , but it could take weeks before Swedish authorities decide whether the hijackers will be sent home or face trial in Sweden .
russian authorities are expected to file a [ask for] for his extradition , but it could take weeks before swedish authorities decide whether the hijackers will be sent home or face trial in sweden .

‘ The most likely scenario is that the Russian embassy asks for extradition and the Swedish government would then take a decision on the request , ’ said an immigration official , Erik Lempert .
‘ the most likely scenario is that the russian embassy asks for extradition and the swedish government would then take a decision on the [ask for] , ’ said an immigration official , erik lempert .

The law , approved by parliament earlier this month , allows doctors to perform euthanasia at the explicit request of their patients under tightly controlled conditions .
the law , approved by parliament earlier this month , allows doctors to perform euthanasia at the explicit [ask for] of their patients under tightly controlled conditions .

Britain was today considering a United States request to look at ways of joining an air operation to parachute relief supplies into Bosnia .
britain was today considering a united states [ask for] to look at ways of joining an air operation to parachute relief supplies into bosnia .

Possible legislation could enshrine the principle that it is always wrong to kill but establish a set of circumstances under which a suitable qualified person would be exempt from prosecution for agreeing to a patient 's request to help end his or her life , Prof McLean went on .
possible legislation could enshrine the principle that it is always wrong to kill but establish a set of circumstances under which a suitable qualified person would be exempt from prosecution for agreeing to a patient 's [ask for] to help end his or her life , prof mclean went on .

Mr Walker , who had vowed he would have to be evicted with the family , said : ‘ We had hoped for a stay of execution to allow the family to depart with dignity , but the Scottish Office handled the request in the same way as they have handled the whole affair — with massive insensitivity .
mr walker , who had vowed he would have to be evicted with the family , said : ‘ we had hoped for a stay of execution to allow the family to depart with dignity , but the scottish office handled the [ask for] in the same way as they have handled the whole affair — with massive insensitivity .

The end of his second term of chairmanship — shortened to two years at his request — comes as Glasgow faces the prospect of most of the city 's major hospitals being devolved to trust status .
the end of his second term of chairmanship — shortened to two years at his [ask for] — comes as glasgow faces the prospect of most of the city 's major hospitals being devolved to trust status .

Whatever the cause of the delay , the solicitor should answer your perfectly reasonable request for an explanation .
whatever the cause of the delay , the solicitor should answer your perfectly reasonable [ask for] for an explanation .

Uh-oh , message received , time your request better next time .
uh-oh , message received , time your [ask for] better next time .

But Mr Fallon has replied , saying he was ‘ puzzled ’ at her request that the Government matched the funding given by the Two Castles Housing Association .
but mr fallon has replied , saying he was ‘ puzzled ’ at her [ask for] that the government matched the funding given by the two castles housing association .

The menu also offers kippers and prunes ‘ on request ’ as in Qatar , and Darlington ; with trimmings the full English was £7.50 for starters .
the menu also offers kippers and prunes ‘ on [ask for] ’ as in qatar , and darlington ; with trimmings the full english was £7.50 for starters .

The man , who has not been named at the request of his family , was found collapsed in a cell at Darlington police station on March 8 and was certified dead at the scene .
the man , who has not been named at the [ask for] of his family , was found collapsed in a cell at darlington police station on march 8 and was certified dead at the scene .

‘ The county council are taking seriously their request for a speed restriction on a stretch of road which has proven dangerous in the past and will continue to be so if action is not taken . ’
‘ the county council are taking seriously their [ask for] for a speed restriction on a stretch of road which has proven dangerous in the past and will continue to be so if action is not taken . ’

Kevin Earnshaw , of the Flanders Scottish Alliance , a war charity which took more than £1 million of aid to Romania three years ago and has since taken hundreds of thousands of pounds of supplies to the former Yugoslavia , said he agreed to the request but he needs help to keep his word .
kevin earnshaw , of the flanders scottish alliance , a war charity which took more than £1 million of aid to romania three years ago and has since taken hundreds of thousands of pounds of supplies to the former yugoslavia , said he agreed to the [ask for] but he needs help to keep his word .

The Government was understood to have decided against making a statement at the request of Labour which wanted the opportunity to reply in full to the Budget .
the government was understood to have decided against making a statement at the [ask for] of labour which wanted the opportunity to reply in full to the budget .

The 49-days ' grace , backdated to Monday , was granted after a request by the firm 's solicitors .
the 49-days ' grace , backdated to monday , was granted after a [ask for] by the firm 's solicitors .

Just as well , it gave him time to master Scots and almost cope with the request for advice from a lady from Aberdeen , seeking to match boots and skis : ‘ Aye , aye , mannie , fit fit fits fit ski ? ’
just as well , it gave him time to master scots and almost cope with the [ask for] for advice from a lady from aberdeen , seeking to match boots and skis : ‘ aye , aye , mannie , fit fit fits fit ski ? ’

Washington has expressed its willingness to change the venue for the summit from Vancouver to Moscow if the Russian side makes such a request , but Mr Clinton said he was working on the assumption that it would take place in Canada as planned .
washington has expressed its willingness to change the venue for the summit from vancouver to moscow if the russian side makes such a [ask for] , but mr clinton said he was working on the assumption that it would take place in canada as planned .

Ted Dexter , England 's chairman of selectors , last year appealed to counties to give their international players time off after tours — a request which mainly fell on deaf ears .
ted dexter , england 's chairman of selectors , last year appealed to counties to give their international players time off after tours — a [ask for] which mainly fell on deaf ears .

There will be further negotiations between Conder and the council at which time planning officers will oppose the request for the company to reserve public spaces .
there will be further negotiations between conder and the council at which time planning officers will oppose the [ask for] for the company to reserve public spaces .

Several horses are said to have been buried there , standing up , at the request of the eccentric vicar whose family had the house built in School Lane in Edwardian times .
several horses are said to have been buried there , standing up , at the [ask for] of the eccentric vicar whose family had the house built in school lane in edwardian times .

Mr Taylor told the committee yesterday that an analysis of the force 's requirements based on the increasing workload showed a further 184 officers were needed at all levels ; but he was submitting a reasonable request .
mr taylor told the committee yesterday that an analysis of the force 's requirements based on the increasing workload showed a further 184 officers were needed at all levels ; but he was submitting a reasonable [ask for] .

Mr Taylor told the committee yesterday that an analysis of the force 's requirements based on the increasing workload showed a further 184 officers were needed at all levels ; but he was submitting a reasonable request .
mr taylor told the committee yesterday that an analysis of the force 's requirements based on the increasing workload showed a further 184 officers were needed at all levels ; but he was submitting a reasonable [ask for] .

Ministers are still considering the request , which will cost £331,700 .
ministers are still considering the [ask for] , which will cost £331,700 .

On the other hand we can not forget the trust placed in us by the general public , nor can we watch the gradual erosion of the original plans without a public protest , and a public request to the health authority to please think again .
on the other hand we can not forget the trust placed in us by the general public , nor can we watch the gradual erosion of the original plans without a public protest , and a public [ask for] to the health authority to please think again .

Yesterday 's planning applications sub-committee was told residents in the property create an unacceptable level of disturbance for others in the street , and rejected the request .
yesterday 's planning applications sub-committee was told residents in the property create an unacceptable level of disturbance for others in the street , and rejected the [ask for] .

Gough could always write back to the Scottish League — as he is obliged to do this week in response to the management committee 's request for his views on United 's complaint over Ferguson — and point out that being forced to go to such lengths to contain his opponent proves he was correct to covet the forward for his team .
gough could always write back to the scottish league — as he is obliged to do this week in response to the management committee 's [ask for] for his views on united 's complaint over ferguson — and point out that being forced to go to such lengths to contain his opponent proves he was correct to covet the forward for his team .

Members of the board met at the weekend in Berlin to discuss Harvestehudur 's request for a postponement in order to compete in the Glenfiddich .
members of the board met at the weekend in berlin to discuss harvestehudur 's [ask for] for a postponement in order to compete in the glenfiddich .

On his request , the club is delaying an official statement until tomorrow morning .
on his [ask for] , the club is delaying an official statement until tomorrow morning .

The meeting between Brady and the directors has been made to sound more like a summons than a request .
the meeting between brady and the directors has been made to sound more like a summons than a [ask for] .

The Wimbledon defender will also request a cut in a six-month playing ban , suspended for three years , which was imposed at the same time .
the wimbledon defender will also [ask for] a cut in a six-month playing ban , suspended for three years , which was imposed at the same time .

Annie Wolinsky , who superintended Board 9 in the Bronx , left behind $ 13,000 worth of postage stamps hidden in a drawer , a warehouse stuffed with unreported supplies , eight staff members whose only job was to videotape board members on request , and a phone bill into the thousands of dollars which consisted mostly of calls to the various city porn lines .
annie wolinsky , who superintended board 9 in the bronx , left behind $ 13,000 worth of postage stamps hidden in a drawer , a warehouse stuffed with unreported supplies , eight staff members whose only job was to videotape board members on [ask for] , and a phone bill into the thousands of dollars which consisted mostly of calls to the various city porn lines .

Here are the facts : For the first 40 years of its existence , the blood transfusion authority in Scotland provided the private sector with blood on request and without making any charge whatsoever .
here are the facts : for the first 40 years of its existence , the blood transfusion authority in scotland provided the private sector with blood on [ask for] and without making any charge whatsoever .

The request was turned down for fear of creating a traffic hazard as Joseph Pease 's statue later did .
the [ask for] was turned down for fear of creating a traffic hazard as joseph pease 's statue later did .

‘ The fans responded to our request to arrive early , sober and by suggested routes , and were prompt and courteous in complying with police requests both inside and outside the ground .
‘ the fans responded to our [ask for] to arrive early , sober and by suggested routes , and were prompt and courteous in complying with police requests both inside and outside the ground .

In August 1931 , at the request of the Bishop of Johannesburg , the first Carmelite convent was founded in Rivonia .
in august 1931 , at the [ask for] of the bishop of johannesburg , the first carmelite convent was founded in rivonia .

Last year , in response to a request from South Africa 's Bishop of Kimberley , three Carmelite nuns in Germany , knowing Darlington 's links with South Africa , contacted the convent and asked for help .
last year , in response to a [ask for] from south africa 's bishop of kimberley , three carmelite nuns in germany , knowing darlington 's links with south africa , contacted the convent and asked for help .

Mr Kaufman insisted that he opposed statutory regulation , and that the report amounted to a request for self-regulation .
mr kaufman insisted that he opposed statutory regulation , and that the report amounted to a [ask for] for self-regulation .

But since then £2 million-rated defender Neil Ruddock has handed in a transfer request in an indication of behind-the-scenes unrest .
but since then £2 million-rated defender neil ruddock has handed in a transfer [ask for] in an indication of behind-the-scenes unrest .

Ruddock 's transfer request was slapped in last Friday and Sugar is ready to sell him even though the £2 million-rated player was a huge success in his first season back at Spurs .
ruddock 's transfer [ask for] was slapped in last friday and sugar is ready to sell him even though the £2 million-rated player was a huge success in his first season back at spurs .

But he said they went back up after a picture request from the Bootle Times , and were not removed again till the next day .
but he said they went back up after a picture [ask for] from the bootle times , and were not removed again till the next day .

‘ We say that the letter was written by Paula Gilfoyle but it was written at the defendant 's request and dictation and no such person as Nigel existed .
‘ we say that the letter was written by paula gilfoyle but it was written at the defendant 's [ask for] and dictation and no such person as nigel existed .

Mr Mates had approached the Attorney General , Sir Nicholas Lyell , over the handling of the case by the Serious Fraud Squad at the request of one of Mr Nadir 's advisers , who was a constituent of his .
mr mates had approached the attorney general , sir nicholas lyell , over the handling of the case by the serious fraud squad at the [ask for] of one of mr nadir 's advisers , who was a constituent of his .

He rejected an initial request for a meeting , indicating that a consultation paper would soon be released .
he rejected an initial [ask for] for a meeting , indicating that a consultation paper would soon be released .

But League secretary David Dent told Barnet chairman Robert Woolfson : ‘ The Football League Board considered your request at some length but are unable to accept your proposals .
but league secretary david dent told barnet chairman robert woolfson : ‘ the football league board considered your [ask for] at some length but are unable to accept your proposals .

Dent followed up with a request for Barnet to meet the 11am deadline an hour before the League 's annual meeting at Walsall .
dent followed up with a [ask for] for barnet to meet the 11am deadline an hour before the league 's annual meeting at walsall .

But it remained unclear after the day-long hearing whether the court would be prepared to grant 34-year-old Mr Daniels ' request for an order that the unit should be reassembled at another London hospital , or at least declare that the action taken by the North West Thames and Riverside health authorities was unlawful .
but it remained unclear after the day-long hearing whether the court would be prepared to grant 34-year-old mr daniels ' [ask for] for an order that the unit should be reassembled at another london hospital , or at least declare that the action taken by the north west thames and riverside health authorities was unlawful .

Many of you will have already received , at the principal 's request , a copy of the University 's Annual Report 1991–1992 published in February 1993 , to update you on how the University has evolved and grown .
many of you will have already received , at the principal 's [ask for] , a copy of the university 's annual report 1991–1992 published in february 1993 , to update you on how the university has evolved and grown .

Then , at 's earnest request ( and mine ) they have arranged for us to go to Sian by train .
then , at 's earnest [ask for] ( and mine ) they have arranged for us to go to sian by train .

The scene a few weeks ago at St Barnabas ' Hall , Epsom , during the first mother 's and toddlers ' class organised by Jill Kelly and Janice Golding , at the request of the National Childbirth Trust .
the scene a few weeks ago at st barnabas ' hall , epsom , during the first mother 's and toddlers ' class organised by jill kelly and janice golding , at the [ask for] of the national childbirth trust .

In ‘ Pride and Prejudice ’ it is essential for a suitor to request permission for the hand in marriage of the women he has chosen .
in ‘ pride and prejudice ’ it is essential for a suitor to [ask for] permission for the hand in marriage of the women he has chosen .

The Scottish Development Education Committee turned down a request to fund a ‘ Development for Life ’ course , because it was not felt to be grounded in a particular situation .
the scottish development education committee turned down a [ask for] to fund a ‘ development for life ’ course , because it was not felt to be grounded in a particular situation .

As the proposed grant for 93–94 from Christian Aid was so large , at £50,000 , the Committee was asked to consider the proposal in advance , and give some now indication of whether it would support the request when it came to committee for approval next year .
as the proposed grant for 93–94 from christian aid was so large , at £50,000 , the committee was asked to consider the proposal in advance , and give some now indication of whether it would support the [ask for] when it came to committee for approval next year .

Sometimes this is done to present a biased picture of progress for domestic approval ; sometimes the opposite is needed to support a request for foreign aid .
sometimes this is done to present a biased picture of progress for domestic approval ; sometimes the opposite is needed to support a [ask for] for foreign aid .

This has the advantage of keeping the task request simple and the standardized layout of the output is easily scanned for points of interest by those familiar with the software .
this has the advantage of keeping the task [ask for] simple and the standardized layout of the output is easily scanned for points of interest by those familiar with the software .

there may be contamination through copying , discussion or even any request for clarification .
there may be contamination through copying , discussion or even any [ask for] for clarification .

In general , therefore , it is best if a questionnaire does not request name unless a future follow-up is anticipated .
in general , therefore , it is best if a questionnaire does not [ask for] name unless a future follow-up is anticipated .

With the company rejecting this request , the workers have gone on strike … while the strike has been in full swing a second union has been organized by 800 workers under the auspices of Zenro [ right-wing union federation ] with a new slogan of ‘ immediate acceptance of dismissals and reopening of production ’ .
with the company rejecting this [ask for] , the workers have gone on strike … while the strike has been in full swing a second union has been organized by 800 workers under the auspices of zenro [ right-wing union federation ] with a new slogan of ‘ immediate acceptance of dismissals and reopening of production ’ .

It was a summons , not a request .
it was a summons , not a [ask for] .

Th this is a crunchy , sort off pot putting anyone within the employment service can request change to .
th this is a crunchy , sort off pot putting anyone within the employment service can [ask for] change to .

available o in request for so many other designs in stock .
available o in [ask for] for so many other designs in stock .

They were infuriated last year when East Sussex coroner Donald Gooding rejected their request to call tycoon Nicholas Hoogstraaten as a witness .
they were infuriated last year when east sussex coroner donald gooding rejected their [ask for] to call tycoon nicholas hoogstraaten as a witness .

The man , who is not being named at the request of his family , was detained with a German man at Umm Qasr on May 28 and sentenced to eight years in jail in Baghdad on June 6 , a spokeswoman said .
the man , who is not being named at the [ask for] of his family , was detained with a german man at umm qasr on may 28 and sentenced to eight years in jail in baghdad on june 6 , a spokeswoman said .

Dominic Rymer , 25 , of Willowcroft Road , Wallasey , was remanded in custody until Friday of this week at the request of prosecution solicitor Roger McDonough for further enquiries .
dominic rymer , 25 , of willowcroft road , wallasey , was remanded in custody until friday of this week at the [ask for] of prosecution solicitor roger mcdonough for further enquiries .

During that time , he has undergone several medical examinations at the request of his father .
during that time , he has undergone several medical examinations at the [ask for] of his father .

‘ Over the last six months the most common request for information has been about Ecstasy , ’ he says .
‘ over the last six months the most common [ask for] for information has been about ecstasy , ’ he says .

The meeting adjourned to give the 10-member planning committee time to consider Inkatha 's request , which was then rejected by the majority of negotiators .
the meeting adjourned to give the 10-member planning committee time to consider inkatha 's [ask for] , which was then rejected by the majority of negotiators .

His funeral was held at Our Lady and St Josephs at his wife Kerry 's request because the parish priest , Father Peter Burke , was a friend of the couple , who met on a trip to the French shrine of Lourdes where they were helping the sick .
his funeral was held at our lady and st josephs at his wife kerry 's [ask for] because the parish priest , father peter burke , was a friend of the couple , who met on a trip to the french shrine of lourdes where they were helping the sick .

Bangor City have tabled a request to the annual meeting that they should be allowed to host all their league fixtures at Farrar Road under the lights in midweek .
bangor city have tabled a [ask for] to the annual meeting that they should be allowed to host all their league fixtures at farrar road under the lights in midweek .

Only minutes before , the yacht Request , which was also taking part in the race , had got into difficulties three miles from the Isle of Man .
only minutes before , the yacht [ask for] , which was also taking part in the race , had got into difficulties three miles from the isle of man .

‘ The Request was on passage from Douglas to Birkenhead when she lost her rudder .
‘ the [ask for] was on passage from douglas to birkenhead when she lost her rudder .

Rebel Ruddock emerged as the players ' spokesman for Venables , speaking up for him in the High Court yesterday , having already slapped in a transfer request to Sugar .
rebel ruddock emerged as the players ' spokesman for venables , speaking up for him in the high court yesterday , having already slapped in a transfer [ask for] to sugar .

They refused a request for a £5,000 grant to repair the 70ft church tower in North Ormesby .
they refused a [ask for] for a £5,000 grant to repair the 70ft church tower in north ormesby .

Magistrates refused a similar request last December after residents ' objections , but Anchor resubmitted the application .
magistrates refused a similar [ask for] last december after residents ' objections , but anchor resubmitted the application .

The driver simply halted wherever people collected waiting for a ride rather like today 's bus request stops .
the driver simply halted wherever people collected waiting for a ride rather like today 's bus [ask for] stops .

With the railway built just yards north of the crossroads , this corner soon became a popular request stop .
with the railway built just yards north of the crossroads , this corner soon became a popular [ask for] stop .

Boro were due to play at Kelso , but declined their hosts ' request to play tonight .
boro were due to play at kelso , but declined their hosts ' [ask for] to play tonight .

Mr Walker said : ‘ Tyne Tees wanted a different starting time in order to show highlights during or after the European game but by that time Boro had made arrangements for policing and so on and they refused the request .
mr walker said : ‘ tyne tees wanted a different starting time in order to show highlights during or after the european game but by that time boro had made arrangements for policing and so on and they refused the [ask for] .

Kerr , 27 , has been transfer-listed by Millwall at his own request and plans to settle in the North-East during or after his playing career .
kerr , 27 , has been transfer-listed by millwall at his own [ask for] and plans to settle in the north-east during or after his playing career .

Minutes later , the yacht Request , which was also competing in the race , fell into difficulties .
minutes later , the yacht [ask for] , which was also competing in the race , fell into difficulties .

If anyone else uses the card , their voice does n't match and their request for cash is rejected :
if anyone else uses the card , their voice does n't match and their [ask for] for cash is rejected :

The European Community has turned down a request from the British Government for nearly twenty-five million pounds to assist coal-mining regions affected by pit closures .
the european community has turned down a [ask for] from the british government for nearly twenty-five million pounds to assist coal-mining regions affected by pit closures .

At the request of the owner of the land , an excavator began work today to discover the extent of the fire .
at the [ask for] of the owner of the land , an excavator began work today to discover the extent of the fire .

Both said the request was unusual .
both said the [ask for] was unusual .

According to reliable sources in the Northern Ireland Prison Service , weapons are only issued to officers from the armoury after careful consideration of a written request .
according to reliable sources in the northern ireland prison service , weapons are only issued to officers from the armoury after careful consideration of a written [ask for] .

He stunned Glentoran by first making a transfer request — and then revealing he wanted to play for Linfield .
he stunned glentoran by first making a transfer [ask for] — and then revealing he wanted to play for linfield .

Then , for the first time , Campbell spelled out the reason behind his shock end-of-season transfer request to Glentoran .
then , for the first time , campbell spelled out the reason behind his shock end-of-season transfer [ask for] to glentoran .

Having got this joke out of the way , she was then told no she could not have money for food , but she could have cash for a carpet . Not having the culinary skills to extract nourishment from this household item she passed on to her second request ; could she have money to buy uniforms for her kids to go to their new school ?
having got this joke out of the way , she was then told no she could not have money for food , but she could have cash for a carpet . not having the culinary skills to extract nourishment from this household item she passed on to her second [ask for] ; could she have money to buy uniforms for her kids to go to their new school ?

The chicane 's a temporary experiment put in by the county council at the request of the parish .
the chicane 's a temporary experiment put in by the county council at the [ask for] of the parish .

It is the people , the parliament actually , because the Emir when he proposes a cabinet the parliament can accept the cabinet , or change , or request it to be changed and even the Prime Minister , which is proposed or nominated by the Emir , the cabinet has to approve him , and together they they run the business of the government .
it is the people , the parliament actually , because the emir when he proposes a cabinet the parliament can accept the cabinet , or change , or [ask for] it to be changed and even the prime minister , which is proposed or nominated by the emir , the cabinet has to approve him , and together they they run the business of the government .

Yes , he thought , tomorrow , he would pay the chaplain to sing one last Mass for his fallen comrades then go back into the city and request from his superiors some mission or task well away from this benighted fortress .
yes , he thought , tomorrow , he would pay the chaplain to sing one last mass for his fallen comrades then go back into the city and [ask for] from his superiors some mission or task well away from this benighted fortress .

By time-stamping a call-slip on its submission , and by recording on its second copy the time of its arrival , accompanied by the relevant book , in the Reading Room , it was possible to determine the time taken for a reader 's request to be satisfied .
by time-stamping a call-slip on its submission , and by recording on its second copy the time of its arrival , accompanied by the relevant book , in the reading room , it was possible to determine the time taken for a reader 's [ask for] to be satisfied .

Since a van service , operating at fixed times , transports call-slips to the Annexe in batches , and brings the items requested back to the Main Building in batches , the time taken for straightforward deliveries of outhoused publications depends entirely on the time at which the request is submitted .
since a van service , operating at fixed times , transports call-slips to the annexe in batches , and brings the items requested back to the main building in batches , the time taken for straightforward deliveries of outhoused publications depends entirely on the time at which the [ask for] is submitted .

However , requests for ‘ ordinary ’ publications which could not be supplied , or whose delivery proved not to be straightforward , were included , since the submission of such a request is likely to be as time-consuming for book-fetchers — if not moreso — than requests which can easily be satisfied .
however , requests for ‘ ordinary ’ publications which could not be supplied , or whose delivery proved not to be straightforward , were included , since the submission of such a [ask for] is likely to be as time-consuming for book-fetchers — if not moreso — than requests which can easily be satisfied .

However , the observation that the delivery time of a particular item from the Annexe depends very largely on how well the request for it fits in with the schedule of the van running between the Library and the Annexe , suggests that it might be helpful to readers if the van 's times of operation and the main pressmarks of outhoused material were advertised .
however , the observation that the delivery time of a particular item from the annexe depends very largely on how well the [ask for] for it fits in with the schedule of the van running between the library and the annexe , suggests that it might be helpful to readers if the van 's times of operation and the main pressmarks of outhoused material were advertised .

In the following example , the question-tag is ‘ are n't they ’ ; when it has a falling tone , as in ( a ) , the implication is said to be that the speaker is comparatively certain that the information is correct , and simply expects the listener to provide confirmation , while the rising tone in ( b ) is said to indicate a lesser degree of certainty , so that the question-tag functions more like a request for information .
in the following example , the question-tag is ‘ are n't they ’ ; when it has a falling tone , as in ( a ) , the implication is said to be that the speaker is comparatively certain that the information is correct , and simply expects the listener to provide confirmation , while the rising tone in ( b ) is said to indicate a lesser degree of certainty , so that the question-tag functions more like a [ask for] for information .

How will the Government respond to any request from Railtrack for an infrastructure grant to cover investment costs and enable lower rates to be charges to operators ?
how will the government respond to any [ask for] from railtrack for an infrastructure grant to cover investment costs and enable lower rates to be charges to operators ?

In 1981 , at the request of the Department of Administration , the Readers ' Services Division of the National Library of Scotland conducted a Survey , the object of which was to obtain information about visitors to the Library 's Exhibition Room , and about their response to the exhibitions which they saw .
in 1981 , at the [ask for] of the department of administration , the readers ' services division of the national library of scotland conducted a survey , the object of which was to obtain information about visitors to the library 's exhibition room , and about their response to the exhibitions which they saw .

Application forms are available upon request from the Examinations Department at Portland Place .
application forms are available upon [ask for] from the examinations department at portland place .

The examination timetable has been widely circulated but if any one wishes a copy please telephone your request to the examinations department .
the examination timetable has been widely circulated but if any one wishes a copy please telephone your [ask for] to the examinations department .

It would have been a more complete list had Wirral and St Helens authorities not instructed their schools to ignore our request for information although some Wirral schools did reply .
it would have been a more complete list had wirral and st helens authorities not instructed their schools to ignore our [ask for] for information although some wirral schools did reply .

British Coal talk request ‘ refused ’
british coal talk [ask for] ‘ refused ’

‘ Families are often unaware that they can request a jury for an inquest , for example . ’
‘ families are often unaware that they can [ask for] a jury for an inquest , for example . ’

As soon as regulars at the Stirrup pub in Birkenhead heard about his request , they arranged fund-raising events and collected £1,819 for equipment , including two syringe drivers and two special mattresses for cancer patients .
as soon as regulars at the stirrup pub in birkenhead heard about his [ask for] , they arranged fund-raising events and collected £1,819 for equipment , including two syringe drivers and two special mattresses for cancer patients .

The Cheshire brigade previously donated a quantity of out-dated equipment to the Russian city 's fire department and had received a request for technical help .
the cheshire brigade previously donated a quantity of out-dated equipment to the russian city 's fire department and had received a [ask for] for technical help .

But only a week ago she clashed with Mr Smith after he snubbed her request to wind up the Commons debate on the pit closures .
but only a week ago she clashed with mr smith after he snubbed her [ask for] to wind up the commons debate on the pit closures .

The brigade previously donated a quantity of outdated equipment to the city 's fire department and received a request from the Russian firefighters for technical help .
the brigade previously donated a quantity of outdated equipment to the city 's fire department and received a [ask for] from the russian firefighters for technical help .

Samuel McCrory , 27 , claimed in the Belfast High Court yesterday that the governor of Crumlin Road jail had refused his request because republican prisoners might be offended .
samuel mccrory , 27 , claimed in the belfast high court yesterday that the governor of crumlin road jail had refused his [ask for] because republican prisoners might be offended .

The first phase , which deals with packaging used in transport , such as strapping and shrink-wrap film , obliges all suppliers to take back these materials for recycling at the customer 's request .
the first phase , which deals with packaging used in transport , such as strapping and shrink-wrap film , obliges all suppliers to take back these materials for recycling at the customer 's [ask for] .

When the team carried out a survey of clients ' needs , the most common request was for translating and interpreting services .
when the team carried out a survey of clients ' needs , the most common [ask for] was for translating and interpreting services .

The ringisho ( request for a decision ) goes back and forth and eventually a consensus is achieved among the interested parties , with the president giving his final approval .
the ringisho ( [ask for] for a decision ) goes back and forth and eventually a consensus is achieved among the interested parties , with the president giving his final approval .

These are used for banquets and conferences on request .
these are used for banquets and conferences on [ask for] .

One of the main elements which matters to customers is that stock should be available to them when they order it , that it should be delivered at the time they request it and that it should be assembled correctly .
one of the main elements which matters to customers is that stock should be available to them when they order it , that it should be delivered at the time they [ask for] it and that it should be assembled correctly .

still we want this , we want this , they 've made a request to have this done and it 's government funded and so it 's quite an interesting project really just to record things
still we want this , we want this , they 've made a [ask for] to have this done and it 's government funded and so it 's quite an interesting project really just to record things

That was a request from Charlotte , she 's been demanding chocolate biscuits . What ?
that was a [ask for] from charlotte , she 's been demanding chocolate biscuits . what ?

Well it 's possibly at the request of the vendor you know .
well it 's possibly at the [ask for] of the vendor you know .

Not as such so they 're pressing for an answer , the factory , but erm , he came back and said we 'd need firm prices , per kilo price , lump sum price not acceptable , customer offer of sixteen Deutschmark per kilo from , for twelve to fourteen with delivery , your request for those credit verified five months not acceptable , you offer to deliver in eight weeks in which case and we 'd get till twelve weeks , please confirm .
not as such so they 're pressing for an answer , the factory , but erm , he came back and said we 'd need firm prices , per kilo price , lump sum price not acceptable , customer offer of sixteen deutschmark per kilo from , for twelve to fourteen with delivery , your [ask for] for those credit verified five months not acceptable , you offer to deliver in eight weeks in which case and we 'd get till twelve weeks , please confirm .

Would n't you generate a more positive attitude if you were aligned your increase or the request for an increase through the a an increase in activity in the church itself ?
would n't you generate a more positive attitude if you were aligned your increase or the [ask for] for an increase through the a an increase in activity in the church itself ?

Outlets and inlets at 1½ are fitted as standard but variations are available on request .
outlets and inlets at 1½ are fitted as standard but variations are available on [ask for] .

When asked on one occasion what he considered Truth to be , it would seem that Gandhi interpreted the question as a request for information as to how he came to know Truth .
when asked on one occasion what he considered truth to be , it would seem that gandhi interpreted the question as a [ask for] for information as to how he came to know truth .

His response to a Christian who might approach him with the request to convert to Hinduism would be to urge him to try to be a good Christian since the Gītā could offer him no more than the Bible .
his response to a christian who might approach him with the [ask for] to convert to hinduism would be to urge him to try to be a good christian since the gītā could offer him no more than the bible .

‘ It was like death-with my children already grown up , tired of watching my movies at my own request , with my ex-wife at my side and my faithful dog .
‘ it was like death-with my children already grown up , tired of watching my movies at my own [ask for] , with my ex-wife at my side and my faithful dog .

When he conveyed Sam 's request to her as they sat around the table at tea-time , he was bewildered by his daughter 's reaction !
when he conveyed sam 's [ask for] to her as they sat around the table at tea-time , he was bewildered by his daughter 's reaction !

‘ Fighting manyattas ’ were formed at the request of the administration in 1955 , and a ‘ renaissance of the Masai fighting spirit of old ’ was detected .
‘ fighting manyattas ’ were formed at the [ask for] of the administration in 1955 , and a ‘ renaissance of the masai fighting spirit of old ’ was detected .

Conversation consisted mostly of routine theatre talk — the request for instruments or comment upon the operation itself .
conversation consisted mostly of routine theatre talk — the [ask for] for instruments or comment upon the operation itself .

One former patient told me how her early childhood had been marred by her mother forever threatening to ‘ walk out and leave you all to it ’ whenever there was any family dispute — or even when one of the children did not comply with a request quickly enough .
one former patient told me how her early childhood had been marred by her mother forever threatening to ‘ walk out and leave you all to it ’ whenever there was any family dispute — or even when one of the children did not comply with a [ask for] quickly enough .

Indeed , she could not even remember the day in question or her request for a baby to play with .
indeed , she could not even remember the day in question or her [ask for] for a baby to play with .

Tone of voice and stressed words can change the sentence to a command , a request , a question , an invitation .
tone of voice and stressed words can change the sentence to a command , a [ask for] , a question , an invitation .

With this in mind , Neal Taylor has written to me from South Devon with a request for a simple battery indicator . Neal writes :
with this in mind , neal taylor has written to me from south devon with a [ask for] for a simple battery indicator . neal writes :

He pointed out my Marvin as being a prototype he had made in 1964 , and said how the beech neck on my model was later fitted with a trim , and how the position of the 3-way selector switch was altered from vertical to horizontal following a request from Hank himself , knowledge that had hitherto been unknown to me .
he pointed out my marvin as being a prototype he had made in 1964 , and said how the beech neck on my model was later fitted with a trim , and how the position of the 3-way selector switch was altered from vertical to horizontal following a [ask for] from hank himself , knowledge that had hitherto been unknown to me .

The ‘ standard ’ divider size is 18″ × 19½″ , but other sizes can be provided on request .
the ‘ standard ’ divider size is 18″ × 19½″ , but other sizes can be provided on [ask for] .

If you wish to eat animal products , then the advice is always to buy free-range produce , and to request it if it is not sold in your area .
if you wish to eat animal products , then the advice is always to buy free-range produce , and to [ask for] it if it is not sold in your area .

It says much for the sense of humour of the untidy , bespectacled architect that after the initial shock of the Princess 's request , he accepted the relatively minor commission of building a dolls ' house for the Queen with enthusiasm , and immediately visited the Princess to discuss the project , bringing with him a mutual friend , Sir Herbert Morgan , President of the Society of Industrial Artists .
it says much for the sense of humour of the untidy , bespectacled architect that after the initial shock of the princess 's [ask for] , he accepted the relatively minor commission of building a dolls ' house for the queen with enthusiasm , and immediately visited the princess to discuss the project , bringing with him a mutual friend , sir herbert morgan , president of the society of industrial artists .

Hill has informed the Mirror that he has been asked to sign cheques on Flashman 's request without any knowledge of who would be the benefactors , or for how much .
hill has informed the mirror that he has been asked to sign cheques on flashman 's [ask for] without any knowledge of who would be the benefactors , or for how much .

It has been said that ‘ when O'Reilly appealed it was not a request but a demand for the blood of the victim . ’
it has been said that ‘ when o'reilly appealed it was not a [ask for] but a demand for the blood of the victim . ’

When you ring , Butlin 's will make a provisional booking and request that you send in a booking form , available in a Butlin 's Holiday Worlds brochure .
when you ring , butlin 's will make a provisional booking and [ask for] that you send in a booking form , available in a butlin 's holiday worlds brochure .

‘ Non-intervention ’ is routinely practised in British hospitals , where life-prolonging treatment is halted at the request of patients who have had enough .
‘ non-intervention ’ is routinely practised in british hospitals , where life-prolonging treatment is halted at the [ask for] of patients who have had enough .

Some employers will include an advisory interview or session with the district finance officer or personnel officer in order to work out income tax and superannuation or pension fund arrangements , or you can request an interview if such an offer is not forthcoming .
some employers will include an advisory interview or session with the district finance officer or personnel officer in order to work out income tax and superannuation or pension fund arrangements , or you can [ask for] an interview if such an offer is not forthcoming .

Pearce 's request for new terms could have been sparked by transfer fees and wages rocketing in the last 12 months .
pearce 's [ask for] for new terms could have been sparked by transfer fees and wages rocketing in the last 12 months .

Leeds boss Doug Laughton moved in quickly for the 31-year-old former Test forward after he was listed at £20,000 at his own request .
leeds boss doug laughton moved in quickly for the 31-year-old former test forward after he was listed at £20,000 at his own [ask for] .

Leeds boss Doug Laughton moved in quickly for the 31-year-old former Test forward after he was listed at £20,000 at his own request .
leeds boss doug laughton moved in quickly for the 31-year-old former test forward after he was listed at £20,000 at his own [ask for] .

England manager Graham Taylor names his squad for Spain next Tuesday — and Gascoigne 's inclusion will be accompanied by a request from Lazio that he does not play more than 15 minutes .
england manager graham taylor names his squad for spain next tuesday — and gascoigne 's inclusion will be accompanied by a [ask for] from lazio that he does not play more than 15 minutes .

They were taken at her request at the end of a photo shoot to promote one of her companies .
they were taken at her [ask for] at the end of a photo shoot to promote one of her companies .

The rift was revealed yesterday when a charge that he attacked lover Joanna Gibson was dropped at her request in court .
the rift was revealed yesterday when a charge that he attacked lover joanna gibson was dropped at her [ask for] in court .

But Mr Mellor said it was a perfectly natural request to make .
but mr mellor said it was a perfectly natural [ask for] to make .

The boozy juror , who is in his thirties , made his amazing request a minute before the lunch break in an attempted murder trial at Inner London Crown Court .
the boozy juror , who is in his thirties , made his amazing [ask for] a minute before the lunch break in an attempted murder trial at inner london crown court .

‘ We are unable to discuss the matter further at the loser 's request , ’ said a spokeswoman .
‘ we are unable to discuss the matter further at the loser 's [ask for] , ’ said a spokeswoman .

Passport official Malcolm Taylor said : ‘ We were happy to deal with Captain Beany 's request .
passport official malcolm taylor said : ‘ we were happy to deal with captain beany 's [ask for] .

No request has yet been made for extradition .
no [ask for] has yet been made for extradition .

In the meantime , my thirteenth birthday was coming up , and it seemed like a good time to revive my request for the perfect present : a bird of prey .
in the meantime , my thirteenth birthday was coming up , and it seemed like a good time to revive my [ask for] for the perfect present : a bird of prey .

The joy on her face when he sang our request for her was incredible .
the joy on her face when he sang our [ask for] for her was incredible .

The allowances given to staff moving as a result of a company relocation may be the same as for individual staff transferring at company request .
the allowances given to staff moving as a result of a company relocation may be the same as for individual staff transferring at company [ask for] .

Reimbursement of the costs incurred by employees moving at company request is common to the majority of relocation policies — be they drawn up by small or large employers .
reimbursement of the costs incurred by employees moving at company [ask for] is common to the majority of relocation policies — be they drawn up by small or large employers .

For example , employees know where they stand with regard to compensation for moving at company request ; a clear policy aids employee relations .
for example , employees know where they stand with regard to compensation for moving at company [ask for] ; a clear policy aids employee relations .

The first part of this chapter covers relocation provisions for existing individual staff transferred at company request .
the first part of this chapter covers relocation provisions for existing individual staff transferred at company [ask for] .

In addition , employees with company mortgages may keep up to £1300 of the proceeds of the sale of their property when they move at the company 's request .
in addition , employees with company mortgages may keep up to £1300 of the proceeds of the sale of their property when they move at the company 's [ask for] .

Mortgages at preferential interest rates may be offered to employees asked to move at company request with eligibility criteria ( such as age , service and marital status ) waived or reduced .
mortgages at preferential interest rates may be offered to employees asked to move at company [ask for] with eligibility criteria ( such as age , service and marital status ) waived or reduced .

If employees leave the company within one year of moving , the policy states that ‘ the company reserves the right to request reimbursement of relocation expenses and disturbance allowance on a pro rata basis ’ .
if employees leave the company within one year of moving , the policy states that ‘ the company reserves the right to [ask for] reimbursement of relocation expenses and disturbance allowance on a pro rata basis ’ .

However , new recruits very seldom receive the disturbance allowance which is a common feature of relocation policies covering existing staff transferred at company request .
however , new recruits very seldom receive the disturbance allowance which is a common feature of relocation policies covering existing staff transferred at company [ask for] .

All the above allowances apply to existing employees relocating at company request too but existing staff also receive a payment of 10 per cent of salary ( instead of one month 's salary ) together with an additional three-monthly allowance of £150 per month towards accommodation and/or fares ( that is , making a maximum period of six months ) .
all the above allowances apply to existing employees relocating at company [ask for] too but existing staff also receive a payment of 10 per cent of salary ( instead of one month 's salary ) together with an additional three-monthly allowance of £150 per month towards accommodation and/or fares ( that is , making a maximum period of six months ) .

The King was , however , also King of his Dominions and it had been provided by the Statute of Westminster 1931 , s.4 , that Parliament should not legislate for the Dominions ( defined as Australia , Canada , the Irish Free State , Newfoundland , New Zealand and the Union of South Africa ) except at the request of and with the consent of the Dominion concerned .
the king was , however , also king of his dominions and it had been provided by the statute of westminster 1931 , s.4 , that parliament should not legislate for the dominions ( defined as australia , canada , the irish free state , newfoundland , new zealand and the union of south africa ) except at the [ask for] of and with the consent of the dominion concerned .

For the next couple of weeks , Brenda had phone calls from various people claiming the dogs belonged to the Sharmas and was even visited by the local police , although they were quite happy that her request for a description was reasonable .
for the next couple of weeks , brenda had phone calls from various people claiming the dogs belonged to the sharmas and was even visited by the local police , although they were quite happy that her [ask for] for a description was reasonable .

Jess knew Midnight would shut like a clam at this direct request .
jess knew midnight would shut like a clam at this direct [ask for] .

In many cases where a request has been made , it has met with a flat refusal .
in many cases where a [ask for] has been made , it has met with a flat refusal .

Grégoire called him ‘ uncle ’ , at his request , which caused great gossip in Paris , but Edouard did not care .
grégoire called him ‘ uncle ’ , at his [ask for] , which caused great gossip in paris , but edouard did not care .

The committee also turned down a request from batsman Philip Robinson , who declined a new contract with the county , to be classified as a ‘ non-contested ’ registration .
the committee also turned down a [ask for] from batsman philip robinson , who declined a new contract with the county , to be classified as a ‘ non-contested ’ registration .

The Taligent system will use de facto protocols and support the Open Software Foundation Distributed Computing Environment , Sun Microsystems Inc 's remote procedure call and Network File System , Apple Events , AppleShare and the Object Management Group 's Common Object Request Broker Architecture ( Corba ) mechanism for distributed computing .
the taligent system will use de facto protocols and support the open software foundation distributed computing environment , sun microsystems inc 's remote procedure call and network file system , apple events , appleshare and the object management group 's common object [ask for] broker architecture ( corba ) mechanism for distributed computing .

The new network management protocol will now become a Request for Comment .
the new network management protocol will now become a [ask for] for comment .

And one Chemical Sales Manager said he increased his company profit on his next deal by more than three times his own salary ! ( For an independent opinion of the programme , a list of referees from a range of different industries is available on request . )
and one chemical sales manager said he increased his company profit on his next deal by more than three times his own salary ! ( for an independent opinion of the programme , a list of referees from a range of different industries is available on [ask for] . )

At your request , we will assess your energy needs and recommend or design a specific solution to meet your precise requirements .
at your [ask for] , we will assess your energy needs and recommend or design a specific solution to meet your precise requirements .

Book also for the green and pleasant summer and seas of Bulgaria where most things are changing , save good service and exceptional value — summer brochure on request .
book also for the green and pleasant summer and seas of bulgaria where most things are changing , save good service and exceptional value — summer brochure on [ask for] .

It is utilised in all industrial , commercial and domestic building sectors , where a more traditional concrete , clay or reconstituted slate roof finish is required — either by design , planning legislation or client request .
it is utilised in all industrial , commercial and domestic building sectors , where a more traditional concrete , clay or reconstituted slate roof finish is required — either by design , planning legislation or client [ask for] .

KfW 's 1989 Annual Report is available on request .
kfw 's 1989 annual report is available on [ask for] .

You can also request a free nursery catalogue and find out where the nearest Tomy stockist is in your area .
you can also [ask for] a free nursery catalogue and find out where the nearest tomy stockist is in your area .

In brief , in 1615 Andrewes was a member of a commission appointed to consider the request of Lady Essex for an annulment of her marriage on the grounds that it had never been consummated .
in brief , in 1615 andrewes was a member of a commission appointed to consider the [ask for] of lady essex for an annulment of her marriage on the grounds that it had never been consummated .

At his own request he was buried in the nearest church in his former diocese , at Frome , in a tomb without an inscription and surrounded by a rail .
at his own [ask for] he was buried in the nearest church in his former diocese , at frome , in a tomb without an inscription and surrounded by a rail .

Nuclear Electric officials agreed to a request from Leiston district councillor John Geater for details of the costs of nuclear generation to be presented at a future meeting .
nuclear electric officials agreed to a [ask for] from leiston district councillor john geater for details of the costs of nuclear generation to be presented at a future meeting .

In future , trainers and jockeys with any suspicion that their horse has been ‘ got at ’ can withdraw from the race at any time and request a dope test .
in future , trainers and jockeys with any suspicion that their horse has been ‘ got at ’ can withdraw from the race at any time and [ask for] a dope test .

At one stage , residents offered to lay down the sleeping policemen themselves , but the request was turned down .
at one stage , residents offered to lay down the sleeping policemen themselves , but the [ask for] was turned down .

The council will not initiate a wholesale naming of roundabouts , but will consider any request to have one named .
the council will not initiate a wholesale naming of roundabouts , but will consider any [ask for] to have one named .

‘ By stating that she would take sick time because her holiday request had been denied , she appeared to be abusing the company sick scheme , ’ said Mrs Proffitt .
‘ by stating that she would take sick time because her holiday [ask for] had been denied , she appeared to be abusing the company sick scheme , ’ said mrs proffitt .

Magistrates yesterday rejected a request by a priest to issue a murder summons against the doctor involved in the Tony Bland case .
magistrates yesterday rejected a [ask for] by a priest to issue a murder summons against the doctor involved in the tony bland case .

Mr Reid maintains he was refused the right to call witnesses on his behalf while Mrs Gerrie said she could not remember a request being made at the original hearing .
mr reid maintains he was refused the right to call witnesses on his behalf while mrs gerrie said she could not remember a [ask for] being made at the original hearing .

He said Florida , which was mauled by about 50 separate tornadoes , was the only state so far to request federal disaster assistance .
he said florida , which was mauled by about 50 separate tornadoes , was the only state so far to [ask for] federal disaster assistance .

This meant he had to go back to the county party and ask to be put back on their panel of candidates , a request which was turned down on Saturday .
this meant he had to go back to the county party and ask to be put back on their panel of candidates , a [ask for] which was turned down on saturday .

Full written details can be made available on request .
full written details can be made available on [ask for] .

And a cot , mattress and high chair can be made available for toddlers upon request .
and a cot , mattress and high chair can be made available for toddlers upon [ask for] .

Our only request is that you choose at least three books in your first year 's membership .
our only [ask for] is that you choose at least three books in your first year 's membership .

If you have views please write in and request the Decentralisation Questionnaire ( available from mid-July — deadline for replies , 30 September ) .
if you have views please write in and [ask for] the decentralisation questionnaire ( available from mid-july — deadline for replies , 30 september ) .

Address your request to Please mark your envelopes ‘ Decentralisation ’ in the top left hand corner .
address your [ask for] to please mark your envelopes ‘ decentralisation ’ in the top left hand corner .

Dorothy went on with her Journal at his request .
dorothy went on with her journal at his [ask for] .

It was restored at the request of some of his friends in 1836 .
it was restored at the [ask for] of some of his friends in 1836 .

Name and address withheld by request
name and address withheld by [ask for]

‘ We were very disappointed that the Department turned down our group 's request to fund a national study .
‘ we were very disappointed that the department turned down our group 's [ask for] to fund a national study .

ENPs are able to adopt a holistic approach to their patients : they examine , request appropriate investigations , make a diagnosis , carry out the treatment and discharge patients .
enps are able to adopt a holistic approach to their patients : they examine , [ask for] appropriate investigations , make a diagnosis , carry out the treatment and discharge patients .

Or is it an opportunity for you to be assertive — to go back to the shop , and request that they cash up and return your fiver ?
or is it an opportunity for you to be assertive — to go back to the shop , and [ask for] that they cash up and return your fiver ?

The matter gave him enormous regret , no doubt an unhappy situation whose solution lay in the lap of the all-merciful Allah ; nothing would give him greater pleasure than to return to Mr Laing his passport , which he had taken into nightly safekeeping only at the specific request of Mr Pyle .
the matter gave him enormous regret , no doubt an unhappy situation whose solution lay in the lap of the all-merciful allah ; nothing would give him greater pleasure than to return to mr laing his passport , which he had taken into nightly safekeeping only at the specific [ask for] of mr pyle .

As the two British scientists wrote their reports through the night , Sam Somerville was received at her own request by the committee in the Situation Room beneath the West Wing .
as the two british scientists wrote their reports through the night , sam somerville was received at her own [ask for] by the committee in the situation room beneath the west wing .

The Foreign Office request puzzled him , for it was not to see the Foreign Secretary with whom he normally dealt , but the Home Secretary , Sir Harry Marriott .
the foreign office [ask for] puzzled him , for it was not to see the foreign secretary with whom he normally dealt , but the home secretary , sir harry marriott .

The Convention also includes , in Article 14 , a provision for the compulsory settlement of disputes by arbitration , at the request of either of the parties in dispute .
the convention also includes , in article 14 , a provision for the compulsory settlement of disputes by arbitration , at the [ask for] of either of the parties in dispute .

If , within six months of the request , the parties can not agree on an arbitration procedure , either party may refer the dispute to the International Court of Justice .
if , within six months of the [ask for] , the parties can not agree on an arbitration procedure , either party may refer the dispute to the international court of justice .

He was , he said , too confused to stop them , although he believed the request to search the church was quite improper , and that the police had acted illegally .
he was , he said , too confused to stop them , although he believed the [ask for] to search the church was quite improper , and that the police had acted illegally .

This , apparently , was not done , but in the majority of Panels this report is expected to be before the Hearing and is provided by the Social Work Department without a request from the Reporter .
this , apparently , was not done , but in the majority of panels this report is expected to be before the hearing and is provided by the social work department without a [ask for] from the reporter .

At the same time , at the request of the minister of South Ronaldsay and Burray , the Reverend Morris Mackenzie , he had been conducting inquiries into the law concerning the uplifting of children .
at the same time , at the [ask for] of the minister of south ronaldsay and burray , the reverend morris mackenzie , he had been conducting inquiries into the law concerning the uplifting of children .

The Reporter 's request to the Children 's Panel for an extension of the Place of Safety orders for a further twenty-one days was upheld .
the reporter 's [ask for] to the children 's panel for an extension of the place of safety orders for a further twenty-one days was upheld .

Many passengers specially request to sit in the row of seats immediately behind the pilot , and you can see them checking out the instruments with the guide published in the airline 's in-flight magazine .
many passengers specially [ask for] to sit in the row of seats immediately behind the pilot , and you can see them checking out the instruments with the guide published in the airline 's in-flight magazine .

The fisherman 's wife , however , chastised him for this simple request and returned to the shore , there to harangue the Golden Fish with her demands for jewels , wealth and status .
the fisherman 's wife , however , chastised him for this simple [ask for] and returned to the shore , there to harangue the golden fish with her demands for jewels , wealth and status .

Inanna 's request for water was denied and her sister , inflamed with jealousy , had her turned into a corpse and hung on a stake .
inanna 's [ask for] for water was denied and her sister , inflamed with jealousy , had her turned into a corpse and hung on a stake .

Request the drug lords of Los Angeles take their monies and invest them in business and property in Los Angeles
[ask for] the drug lords of los angeles take their monies and invest them in business and property in los angeles

The King of Scots would hereafter be liable on request to provide an army to aid the King of England in any of his campaigns .
the king of scots would hereafter be liable on [ask for] to provide an army to aid the king of england in any of his campaigns .

The Carrier and any other carrier employed by the Carrier may employ the services of any other carrier for the purpose of fulfilling the Contract in whole or in part and the name of every such other carrier shall be provided to the Trader on request .
the carrier and any other carrier employed by the carrier may employ the services of any other carrier for the purpose of fulfilling the contract in whole or in part and the name of every such other carrier shall be provided to the trader on [ask for] .

To assist the haulier in making early settlement the creditor , upon receiving a written request , is obliged to give the haulier ( the debtor ) all the information he needs for this purpose .
to assist the haulier in making early settlement the creditor , upon receiving a written [ask for] , is obliged to give the haulier ( the debtor ) all the information he needs for this purpose .

Here 's an example of people making the same request in the three different styles .
here 's an example of people making the same [ask for] in the three different styles .

Do n't demand , make a request .
do n't demand , make a [ask for] .

Miriam had been an orphaned refugee child brought from the Lebanon at the Sheikha 's request .
miriam had been an orphaned refugee child brought from the lebanon at the sheikha 's [ask for] .

Indeed , their hire was taken for granted , and it would have been deemed a curious request had a client expressed a view to buy them .
indeed , their hire was taken for granted , and it would have been deemed a curious [ask for] had a client expressed a view to buy them .

Sir John 's request was a simple one : that Bridget Bostock raise the third Lady Pryce from the dead .
sir john 's [ask for] was a simple one : that bridget bostock raise the third lady pryce from the dead .

Most sandwich bars will use low-fat spreads if you request it — and it is possible to ask for fillings in which little , if any , spread is needed at all .
most sandwich bars will use low-fat spreads if you [ask for] it — and it is possible to ask for fillings in which little , if any , spread is needed at all .

’ In response to this request he gave them the Lord 's Prayer , in which we pray first of all for God Himself , that all may know him and revere Him , that his mile may be extended over all , and that his will , so right and good and loving , may be done on earth , as it is by angels , prophets and saints in heaven .
’ in response to this [ask for] he gave them the lord 's prayer , in which we pray first of all for god himself , that all may know him and revere him , that his mile may be extended over all , and that his will , so right and good and loving , may be done on earth , as it is by angels , prophets and saints in heaven .

Another insight that has been coming to me consistently is that instead of beseeching God to undertake certain actions or to grant certain mercies or blessings we should state our faith that He is already and always at work in the way that we desire , so that our petition becomes an expansion of our address to Him , a relative clause expressing our conviction of faith that He is already doing what we were about to request Him to do .
another insight that has been coming to me consistently is that instead of beseeching god to undertake certain actions or to grant certain mercies or blessings we should state our faith that he is already and always at work in the way that we desire , so that our petition becomes an expansion of our address to him , a relative clause expressing our conviction of faith that he is already doing what we were about to [ask for] him to do .

No evening functions are planned and no request has been made for licensed facilities .
no evening functions are planned and no [ask for] has been made for licensed facilities .

‘ Speak fo ’ yo'self ! ’ chips in baby brother Marlon , who — hardly a big stretch for the actor — plays the comedian 's younger brother in Mo' Money , and is joining the interview at Damon 's request .
‘ speak fo ’ yo'self ! ’ chips in baby brother marlon , who — hardly a big stretch for the actor — plays the comedian 's younger brother in mo' money , and is joining the interview at damon 's [ask for] .

The only difference here is that any such cheque should be re-presented within the five-day period with a request for an immediate answer as to whether the cheque has been cleared or not .
the only difference here is that any such cheque should be re-presented within the five-day period with a [ask for] for an immediate answer as to whether the cheque has been cleared or not .

You then request the court to order the sale of the assets so you can recover your debt .
you then [ask for] the court to order the sale of the assets so you can recover your debt .

He collected a group of protective converts , and he had this knack of making even the most reasonable request look like persecution .
he collected a group of protective converts , and he had this knack of making even the most reasonable [ask for] look like persecution .

And Celia had gone , angrily and unwillingly , to obey her request .
and celia had gone , angrily and unwillingly , to obey her [ask for] .

And our first request tonight is for Mr. and Mrs. Levitt , whose son is serving overseas in the Air Force .
and our first [ask for] tonight is for mr. and mrs. levitt , whose son is serving overseas in the air force .

The request is for a real blast from the past … that lovely old Peter , Paul and Mary folk song … The Cuckoo .
the [ask for] is for a real blast from the past … that lovely old peter , paul and mary folk song … the cuckoo .

His request could have been investigated more thoroughly , his premises subjected to a search and inventory which would have revealed his blatant lie .
his [ask for] could have been investigated more thoroughly , his premises subjected to a search and inventory which would have revealed his blatant lie .

Captain Dawson sensed that there was more behind the request than was readily apparent .
captain dawson sensed that there was more behind the [ask for] than was readily apparent .

He was used to handling a great variety of young men , and his piercing stare , as he considered the request , made Hank quail ; he had a suspicion that Peter Dawson could make his wife quail at times , and in this he was right .
he was used to handling a great variety of young men , and his piercing stare , as he considered the [ask for] , made hank quail ; he had a suspicion that peter dawson could make his wife quail at times , and in this he was right .

The calculation takes account of processing power and the speed of communication links , and then the request to start the thread is handed on to the processor with the least to do .
the calculation takes account of processing power and the speed of communication links , and then the [ask for] to start the thread is handed on to the processor with the least to do .

Her husband averred that doubtless the orchestra and the pipers would arrange things to their own satisfaction , and further opined that the Duchess should leave the ball 's arrangements to those who were paid to worry about the details , but the Duchess was insistent on voicing her concerns this afternoon . She earnestly asked her husband whether she should request the Prince of Orange not to bring Lieutenant-Colonel Sharpe ?
her husband averred that doubtless the orchestra and the pipers would arrange things to their own satisfaction , and further opined that the duchess should leave the ball 's arrangements to those who were paid to worry about the details , but the duchess was insistent on voicing her concerns this afternoon . she earnestly asked her husband whether she should [ask for] the prince of orange not to bring lieutenant-colonel sharpe ?

The captaincy would sell for fifteen hundred pounds which was a good enough fortune for any young man contemplating marriage , but a majority would fetch two thousand six hundred pounds , and so d'Alembord , with some misgivings , but reassured by the prospects of a fine marriage portion , had agreed to Ford 's request .
the captaincy would sell for fifteen hundred pounds which was a good enough fortune for any young man contemplating marriage , but a majority would fetch two thousand six hundred pounds , and so d'alembord , with some misgivings , but reassured by the prospects of a fine marriage portion , had agreed to ford 's [ask for] .

Opinion was divided and George Hurst proposed that the request be refused ; he was outvoted by 10 votes to 8 and gave notice of his intention to protest .
opinion was divided and george hurst proposed that the [ask for] be refused ; he was outvoted by 10 votes to 8 and gave notice of his intention to protest .

Clearly , the fact that ethnic minority parents do not request help can not be taken to mean that they fully understand the information they receive .
clearly , the fact that ethnic minority parents do not [ask for] help can not be taken to mean that they fully understand the information they receive .

Even Greer 's criticism of psychology 's lack of rigour is an implicit request for more objectivity .
even greer 's criticism of psychology 's lack of rigour is an implicit [ask for] for more objectivity .

When the sullen male attendant had ignored his request , the policeman had pulled out his warrant-card and shouted at the man , threatening him with everything including deportation .
when the sullen male attendant had ignored his [ask for] , the policeman had pulled out his warrant-card and shouted at the man , threatening him with everything including deportation .

At Finubar 's request the city of Lothern was opened to human merchants and Elf pilots were provided to guide the trading fleets through the approaches to Ulthuan .
at finubar 's [ask for] the city of lothern was opened to human merchants and elf pilots were provided to guide the trading fleets through the approaches to ulthuan .

He would clearly hate to be patronized ; he would smell patronage in any apology , in any request for help made out of desire to soothe sore feelings .
he would clearly hate to be patronized ; he would smell patronage in any apology , in any [ask for] for help made out of desire to soothe sore feelings .

His only ‘ power ’ was to request that his name be removed from the story .
his only ‘ power ’ was to [ask for] that his name be removed from the story .

Since April 1991 , non-taxpayers ( people whose taxable income is less than their allowances ) can request institutions such as banks and building societies to pay any interest owing to them gross , without deduction of tax at source .
since april 1991 , non-taxpayers ( people whose taxable income is less than their allowances ) can [ask for] institutions such as banks and building societies to pay any interest owing to them gross , without deduction of tax at source .

Another welcome gain is that if a husband 's income is too low for him to use all or part of the married couple 's allowance , he can request that the unused part be transferred to his wife — thus reducing his wife 's tax bill .
another welcome gain is that if a husband 's income is too low for him to use all or part of the married couple 's allowance , he can [ask for] that the unused part be transferred to his wife — thus reducing his wife 's tax bill .

Request for Anonymity :
[ask for] for anonymity :

If the Unix suppliers are able to agree on a consistent systems management application programming interface — and each also uses a similar implementation of the Object Management Group 's Common Object Request Broker Architecture — Corba — independent software vendors would be able to offer binary system management applications running across a variety of platforms .
if the unix suppliers are able to agree on a consistent systems management application programming interface — and each also uses a similar implementation of the object management group 's common object [ask for] broker architecture — corba — independent software vendors would be able to offer binary system management applications running across a variety of platforms .

How is it possible for an external symbol , as well as one in the internal representational medium of the creature 's mind , to be employed by one animal and perceived by another as a request for a specific tool ?
how is it possible for an external symbol , as well as one in the internal representational medium of the creature 's mind , to be employed by one animal and perceived by another as a [ask for] for a specific tool ?

True enough , Jaq had known the secret essence of the matter ever since his application to the Officio Assassinorum was fulfilled — his request for an Assassin with previous experience of a Genestealer-infested world , and one who could pose as a sophisticated mistress .
true enough , jaq had known the secret essence of the matter ever since his application to the officio assassinorum was fulfilled — his [ask for] for an assassin with previous experience of a genestealer-infested world , and one who could pose as a sophisticated mistress .

Jaq sensed the distress behind the expressionless face and the profundity of her request .
jaq sensed the distress behind the expressionless face and the profundity of her [ask for] .

Yet his curiosity as to Jaq 's request seemed to proceed from reasonable concern rather than from the paranoia which often afflicted rulers .
yet his curiosity as to jaq 's [ask for] seemed to proceed from reasonable concern rather than from the paranoia which often afflicted rulers .

Dartmoor National Park Authority 's request to the High Court to overturn the Secretary of State 's appeal decision granting permission to develop a golf course has been turned down .
dartmoor national park authority 's [ask for] to the high court to overturn the secretary of state 's appeal decision granting permission to develop a golf course has been turned down .

As she drove back home through the traffic , memories of her father 's authoritarian presence , vigorously admonishing her for the sinfulness of some childlike request , filled her mind with pain and loathing .
as she drove back home through the traffic , memories of her father 's authoritarian presence , vigorously admonishing her for the sinfulness of some childlike [ask for] , filled her mind with pain and loathing .

How should we counsel young people to respond when a parent seems unreasonable in a particular demand or request ?
how should we counsel young people to respond when a parent seems unreasonable in a particular demand or [ask for] ?

It could just as easily have been a refused request to come home late or stay the night at a friend 's house .
it could just as easily have been a refused [ask for] to come home late or stay the night at a friend 's house .

This can be a request by the parent or the child , a nag , a refusal to let the children do what they want .
this can be a [ask for] by the parent or the child , a nag , a refusal to let the children do what they want .

Get dressed on first request
get dressed on first [ask for]

Sometimes their demands and requests invoke an aggressive response from the child while in other families the child just ignores the request or blatantly refuses to comply .
sometimes their demands and requests invoke an aggressive response from the child while in other families the child just ignores the [ask for] or blatantly refuses to comply .

Children can start to earn stickers for the chart every time they comply with the first request .
children can start to earn stickers for the chart every time they comply with the first [ask for] .

When parents are managing a child who is disobedient and non-compliant they need to make their instructions clear and concise , and carry through their request .
when parents are managing a child who is disobedient and non-compliant they need to make their instructions clear and concise , and carry through their [ask for] .

If this request appeals to any club over here , please write to Christine Judd at the above address .
if this [ask for] appeals to any club over here , please write to christine judd at the above address .

It is often the case that parents experiencing management difficulties present their request for help along with a welter of problems , anxieties , complaints and sometimes mis-information that they think the listener wants to hear .
it is often the case that parents experiencing management difficulties present their [ask for] for help along with a welter of problems , anxieties , complaints and sometimes mis-information that they think the listener wants to hear .

Anyone who decides to intervene in a family 's problems , even though it is at the family 's request , has a professional duty to be able to demonstrate the effectiveness ( or otherwise ) of the methods used .
anyone who decides to intervene in a family 's problems , even though it is at the family 's [ask for] , has a professional duty to be able to demonstrate the effectiveness ( or otherwise ) of the methods used .

The technique of guidance is often used by parents when a child refuses to comply with a request or instruction . For example :
the technique of guidance is often used by parents when a child refuses to comply with a [ask for] or instruction . for example :

Even if the adults do not try to talk the child out of it , they may not persist with their request .
even if the adults do not try to talk the child out of it , they may not persist with their [ask for] .

But behaviours are only consistently followed by predictable outcomes under certain conditions — for example , the child 's request for a drink is followed by a drink only if an adult hears the child 's request .
but behaviours are only consistently followed by predictable outcomes under certain conditions — for example , the child 's [ask for] for a drink is followed by a drink only if an adult hears the child 's [ask for] .

The demands of this kind of social experience are perhaps most acute when the infant wishes to communicate to the adult about the object — for example , if the child wishes to draw the adult 's attention to an object or request an object from the adult .
the demands of this kind of social experience are perhaps most acute when the infant wishes to communicate to the adult about the object — for example , if the child wishes to draw the adult 's attention to an object or [ask for] an object from the adult .

Thank you for printing my request for readers ' ideas regarding the use of empty cones .
thank you for printing my [ask for] for readers ' ideas regarding the use of empty cones .

In our implementation , aggregation was achieved at run-time through masking out components of the primary key and assembling , using the Protocols language , the series of text objects meeting the criteria implied by the user 's current request .
in our implementation , aggregation was achieved at run-time through masking out components of the primary key and assembling , using the protocols language , the series of text objects meeting the criteria implied by the user 's current [ask for] .

They wanted to put a note on ‘ World Clique ’ saying ‘ Free samples available on request ’ but their lawyer would n't let them .
they wanted to put a note on ‘ world clique ’ saying ‘ free samples available on [ask for] ’ but their lawyer would n't let them .

In New South Wales , for example , 1992 is Country Yarn and the Association is giving free workshops for members in areas which request this .
in new south wales , for example , 1992 is country yarn and the association is giving free workshops for members in areas which [ask for] this .

It has been found that it was rare that an old person initiated a request for admission to a local authority home ( Stapleton , 1979 ; Sinclair , 1988b ) .
it has been found that it was rare that an old person initiated a [ask for] for admission to a local authority home ( stapleton , 1979 ; sinclair , 1988b ) .

The emotional preparatory work , talking through some of these feelings , can take some time to achieve and is as well started before a formal request for admission is completed .
the emotional preparatory work , talking through some of these feelings , can take some time to achieve and is as well started before a formal [ask for] for admission is completed .

The girl from Camberwell , who police are refusing to name at her parents ' request , did not know her attacker .
the girl from camberwell , who police are refusing to name at her parents ' [ask for] , did not know her attacker .

And Diana was told that her request for a divorce was almost the same as an abdication .
and diana was told that her [ask for] for a divorce was almost the same as an abdication .

He was certainly helpful but did also request that the name of the location be altered too .
he was certainly helpful but did also [ask for] that the name of the location be altered too .

Their homeward journey took them via Lille ( where Wolfgang fell ill ) , Ghent , Antwerp and The Hague ( where they gave two public concerts and played , by special request , to the Princess of Weilburg , to whom Wolfgang dedicated a set of six keyboard and violin sonatas ) .
their homeward journey took them via lille ( where wolfgang fell ill ) , ghent , antwerp and the hague ( where they gave two public concerts and played , by special [ask for] , to the princess of weilburg , to whom wolfgang dedicated a set of six keyboard and violin sonatas ) .

Over the summer of 1789 , while she was away , he wrote a couple of new arias ( including the delightful ‘ Un moto di gioia ’ ) for a new production of Figaro , at the request of the Susanna ( Adriana Ferraresi del Bene ) .
over the summer of 1789 , while she was away , he wrote a couple of new arias ( including the delightful ‘ un moto di gioia ’ ) for a new production of figaro , at the [ask for] of the susanna ( adriana ferraresi del bene ) .

The police had arrived now in the shape of a wpc who was talking amiably to the protesters who moved back a little apparently in response to her request .
the police had arrived now in the shape of a wpc who was talking amiably to the protesters who moved back a little apparently in response to her [ask for] .

Ray Doyle had bowed to Jack Stone 's pleading request for protection for his family .
ray doyle had bowed to jack stone 's pleading [ask for] for protection for his family .

But she did n't turn away from Bodie , and he knew that she would go along with the request .
but she did n't turn away from bodie , and he knew that she would go along with the [ask for] .

That 's not a request , we 're expecting it .
that 's not a [ask for] , we 're expecting it .

Speaking from America where he is on a business trip , McCauley said : ‘ This is the first time we have refused a request from him .
speaking from america where he is on a business trip , mccauley said : ‘ this is the first time we have refused a [ask for] from him .

Keown then left at the end of his contract after being unable to agree terms with Graham over a new deal — and alleging that the sticking point had been a request for £50 a week more than he was offered .
keown then left at the end of his contract after being unable to agree terms with graham over a new deal — and alleging that the sticking point had been a [ask for] for £50 a week more than he was offered .

Huge parties and rallies — non-alcoholic at the Governor 's request — will be held while giant screens keep supporters outside up-to-date until Clinton appears at 10pm .
huge parties and rallies — non-alcoholic at the governor 's [ask for] — will be held while giant screens keep supporters outside up-to-date until clinton appears at 10pm .

He had heard this request a thousand times .
he had heard this [ask for] a thousand times .

’ and slap in a request for marriage leave without more ado .
’ and slap in a [ask for] for marriage leave without more ado .

If we want to influence another person and that person is working under enormous stress and is irritated by our request , we can stand back and wait until she or he is more relaxed .
if we want to influence another person and that person is working under enormous stress and is irritated by our [ask for] , we can stand back and wait until she or he is more relaxed .

If a police officer has to request a driver to produce a current test certificate , the officer must bear in mind the problem of proving the date of first registration .
if a police officer has to [ask for] a driver to produce a current test certificate , the officer must bear in mind the problem of proving the date of first registration .

It is a praying faith in the sense of a plea or request .
it is a praying faith in the sense of a plea or [ask for] .

Faith is the request and miracle is the answer .
faith is the [ask for] and miracle is the answer .

Jesus ' reply to the request of the woman to cure her daughter seems very harsh and even rude :
jesus ' reply to the [ask for] of the woman to cure her daughter seems very harsh and even rude :

Sir , even the dogs under the table eat the children 's scraps ( Mark 7:28 ) , shows Jesus that she has faith and her request is granted .
sir , even the dogs under the table eat the children 's scraps ( mark 7:28 ) , shows jesus that she has faith and her [ask for] is granted .

The leper had a ‘ praying faith ’ which expressed itself in a plea or request :
the leper had a ‘ praying faith ’ which expressed itself in a plea or [ask for] :

Faith is shown in this miracle in the sense of a plea or request .
faith is shown in this miracle in the sense of a plea or [ask for] .

It was obviously an unusual request but the young gentleman did n't see why not .
it was obviously an unusual [ask for] but the young gentleman did n't see why not .

At his own request , in three weeks ' time Fluff will quit the Sunday lunch-time show on Radio 1 which launched his amazing career as Britain 's premier disc jockey .
at his own [ask for] , in three weeks ' time fluff will quit the sunday lunch-time show on radio 1 which launched his amazing career as britain 's premier disc jockey .

The statement added : ‘ Jason 's scientific advisers do not concur with this view and therefore a formal request will be made during the next few days for this non-disclosed information .
the statement added : ‘ jason 's scientific advisers do not concur with this view and therefore a formal [ask for] will be made during the next few days for this non-disclosed information .

But Lord 's will treat sympathetically any request by Gooch to England 's tour managers Bob Bennett and Keith Fletcher for a mid-tour sabbatical .
but lord 's will treat sympathetically any [ask for] by gooch to england 's tour managers bob bennett and keith fletcher for a mid-tour sabbatical .

Filan , 22 , is having trials at The Dell as manager Ian Branfoot searches for someone to take over from Andrews — granted his request for a transfer this week .
filan , 22 , is having trials at the dell as manager ian branfoot searches for someone to take over from andrews — granted his [ask for] for a transfer this week .

Maloney has , on the insistance of Sulaiman , made a request in writing .
maloney has , on the insistance of sulaiman , made a [ask for] in writing .

Leeds boss Howard Wilkinson , criticised by sections of his crowd for allowing the deal , went to the unusual lengths of attacking Cantona 's refusal to obey club rules and detailing his faxed request to leave .
leeds boss howard wilkinson , criticised by sections of his crowd for allowing the deal , went to the unusual lengths of attacking cantona 's refusal to obey club rules and detailing his faxed [ask for] to leave .

Copies of the agenda are also available on request .
copies of the agenda are also available on [ask for] .

The request is a result of rumours that Lonrho and the Libyan Arab Foreign Investment Company have formed a joint-venture company to pursue their interests in Africa .
the [ask for] is a result of rumours that lonrho and the libyan arab foreign investment company have formed a joint-venture company to pursue their interests in africa .

Inside the front cover of its annual report , the company prints an unusual request : ‘ Within the European Community a single market in commercial vehicles has been a reality for some time .
inside the front cover of its annual report , the company prints an unusual [ask for] : ‘ within the european community a single market in commercial vehicles has been a reality for some time .

In these cases the practitioner often receives a telephone call from the local police asking for information regarding one of his ( or her ) clients , followed by a request to come round and see them .
in these cases the practitioner often receives a telephone call from the local police asking for information regarding one of his ( or her ) clients , followed by a [ask for] to come round and see them .

His coils , sixty in number , are in operation from the southern tip of Tasmania to Queensland in the north of the Continent where farmers , aiming to improve their land , request his services .
his coils , sixty in number , are in operation from the southern tip of tasmania to queensland in the north of the continent where farmers , aiming to improve their land , [ask for] his services .

These criticisms appear in a letter to the Home Office from the Faculty of Information Technology 's Technical Committee , in response to a request for comments on proposed revisions to the Directive .
these criticisms appear in a letter to the home office from the faculty of information technology 's technical committee , in response to a [ask for] for comments on proposed revisions to the directive .

If a member or firm changes bank branch , the mandate , on request to the bank , will be transferred to the new branch .
if a member or firm changes bank branch , the mandate , on [ask for] to the bank , will be transferred to the new branch .

Where the money collected is wrong and the fault is not yours , an indemnity comes into operation which ensures that , at your request , the money is immediately refunded to the account it came from .
where the money collected is wrong and the fault is not yours , an indemnity comes into operation which ensures that , at your [ask for] , the money is immediately refunded to the account it came from .

Additional records will be available on request from the Post Qualification Section , Education and Training Department .
additional records will be available on [ask for] from the post qualification section , education and training department .

The British move follows a request from Washington and at least four Hercules aircraft are expected to take part .
the british move follows a [ask for] from washington and at least four hercules aircraft are expected to take part .

The United States president-elect has refused Mr Major 's request for an informal , getting-to-know-you meeting .
the united states president-elect has refused mr major 's [ask for] for an informal , getting-to-know-you meeting .

Another bull tale concerns the famous early nineteenth-century actor , Mr. Macready , who was assailed after a fine performance of Hamlet at Stamford Theatre , with the dual cry of ‘ Macready , , on the one hand , and ‘ bull ’ from a confused section on the other — in request of the bull song .
another bull tale concerns the famous early nineteenth-century actor , mr. macready , who was assailed after a fine performance of hamlet at stamford theatre , with the dual cry of ‘ macready , , on the one hand , and ‘ bull ’ from a confused section on the other — in [ask for] of the bull song .

Bull suppers were common and the Bull Song was a popular request right up until the end of the nineteenth century .
bull suppers were common and the bull song was a popular [ask for] right up until the end of the nineteenth century .

Home again , he shot off an urgent request to Theo for some Ingres paper that was not blindingly white — the whiteness hampered him — and stout enough to withstand his attacks on it with a reed pen .
home again , he shot off an urgent [ask for] to theo for some ingres paper that was not blindingly white — the whiteness hampered him — and stout enough to withstand his attacks on it with a reed pen .

Her advice is for women on driver-only buses to sit near the driver , a request that is n't always possible and does n't necessarily increase your feeling of security .
her advice is for women on driver-only buses to sit near the driver , a [ask for] that is n't always possible and does n't necessarily increase your feeling of security .

They regard a last-minute request to spend the weekend collating figures in Darlington as proof positive of their triumph against chauvinism .
they regard a last-minute [ask for] to spend the weekend collating figures in darlington as proof positive of their triumph against chauvinism .

Request confidentiality .
[ask for] confidentiality .

‘ You might have a sales order processing system sitting on one computer ; once an order has been processed , it sends a message to an inventory system on another computer , which checks whether the item is there , and if it is initiates the shipment , or if not may request the supply of the item by sending a message to a third system .
‘ you might have a sales order processing system sitting on one computer ; once an order has been processed , it sends a message to an inventory system on another computer , which checks whether the item is there , and if it is initiates the shipment , or if not may [ask for] the supply of the item by sending a message to a third system .

Thus the supplier may issue a fee note ( sometimes known as a payment request note or a pro forma invoice ) rather than an invoice containing all the requirements of a tax invoice ( as specified in reg 13 ( 1 ) ) .
thus the supplier may issue a fee note ( sometimes known as a payment [ask for] note or a pro forma invoice ) rather than an invoice containing all the requirements of a tax invoice ( as specified in reg 13 ( 1 ) ) .

Spicers went to the High Court claiming the request was oppressive : it relied on Cloverbay , an earlier case in which the availability of an order was restricted to enabling an administrator to get ‘ sufficient information to reconstitute the state of the knowledge a company should possess ’ .
spicers went to the high court claiming the [ask for] was oppressive : it relied on cloverbay , an earlier case in which the availability of an order was restricted to enabling an administrator to get ‘ sufficient information to reconstitute the state of the knowledge a company should possess ’ .

At the request of the customer , surplus funds can be regularly transferred to or from Coutts ' savings account of your choice .
at the [ask for] of the customer , surplus funds can be regularly transferred to or from coutts ' savings account of your choice .

The request must be in writing and must provide full details of the asset transferred , its date of acquisition and its allowable expenditure .
the [ask for] must be in writing and must provide full details of the asset transferred , its date of acquisition and its allowable expenditure .

The king at the request of Eleanor de Percy pardoned him and cancelled his abjuration .
the king at the [ask for] of eleanor de percy pardoned him and cancelled his abjuration .

His request ?
his [ask for] ?

An extract from the story telling how Hazel , the leader of a group of rabbits , comes to the end of his life , was read by the Rev Phillips — again , at Kelly 's request .
an extract from the story telling how hazel , the leader of a group of rabbits , comes to the end of his life , was read by the rev phillips — again , at kelly 's [ask for] .

This is to request that you will send me no more goods unless ordered .
this is to [ask for] that you will send me no more goods unless ordered .

The prosecution asked for costs to be awarded against the defendants but the request was refused — NatWest has paid all its former employees ' costs .
the prosecution asked for costs to be awarded against the defendants but the [ask for] was refused — natwest has paid all its former employees ' costs .

It is an essential part of that recovery that a request in writing for recovery shall be served on the offeree .
it is an essential part of that recovery that a [ask for] in writing for recovery shall be served on the offeree .

The above Orders , which are now in force , specify cancellation notices for use under the 1992 Act ( 1942 ) and forms of request for repayment of credit ( 1943 ) .
the above orders , which are now in force , specify cancellation notices for use under the 1992 act ( 1942 ) and forms of [ask for] for repayment of credit ( 1943 ) .

The DoH reported an ‘ excellent response ’ to its request for SSDs to produce proposals based on the Warner Report .
the doh reported an ‘ excellent response ’ to its [ask for] for ssds to produce proposals based on the warner report .

Her motive for writing it was the dearth of relevant information and the recurrent request for sex education .
her motive for writing it was the dearth of relevant information and the recurrent [ask for] for sex education .

This is a national resource and prisoners are sent here who staff believe would be at risk of violence ( because of their offence ) in a normal prison setting , or whose fear of violence has led them , themselves , to request such a transfer .
this is a national resource and prisoners are sent here who staff believe would be at risk of violence ( because of their offence ) in a normal prison setting , or whose fear of violence has led them , themselves , to [ask for] such a transfer .

However , despite this law and despite the publicity following the Hussainara case , many magistrates continue to authorize long extensions at the request of the police .
however , despite this law and despite the publicity following the hussainara case , many magistrates continue to authorize long extensions at the [ask for] of the police .

At a conference organized in June 1950 by the Liturgical Institute of Trier , a lecture by Romano Guardini led to a resolution calling upon the German bishops to request Rome to move the long Holy Saturday service from the early morning to the late evening , thus again making it the vigil service it once had been .
at a conference organized in june 1950 by the liturgical institute of trier , a lecture by romano guardini led to a resolution calling upon the german bishops to [ask for] rome to move the long holy saturday service from the early morning to the late evening , thus again making it the vigil service it once had been .

The request was granted — in the first instance for a year .
the [ask for] was granted — in the first instance for a year .

Unix International Inc has so far logged nine responses to its Application Linking request for technology , including Lotus Development Corp , which is submitting its Link , Embed and Launch to Edit technology and Symbotics Inc .
unix international inc has so far logged nine responses to its application linking [ask for] for technology , including lotus development corp , which is submitting its link , embed and launch to edit technology and symbotics inc .

Unix International 's approach is compliant with Object Management Group 's Object Request Broker and Unix International anticipates that Application Linking 's reference implementation will provide a migration path to Object Management Group-compliant implementations as they become available .
unix international 's approach is compliant with object management group 's object [ask for] broker and unix international anticipates that application linking 's reference implementation will provide a migration path to object management group-compliant implementations as they become available .

However , the initial Application Linking specification will possess object-like characteristics to allow for further developments and support for Object Group 's Object Request Broker Architecture .
however , the initial application linking specification will possess object-like characteristics to allow for further developments and support for object group 's object [ask for] broker architecture .

Unix International issued the Request for Proposals under its Expanded Reference Technology Selection Process announced in February .
unix international issued the [ask for] for proposals under its expanded reference technology selection process announced in february .

‘ Just one request ? If you tell the police about Estabrook , will you keep me out of it ? ’
‘ just one [ask for] ? if you tell the police about estabrook , will you keep me out of it ? ’

Mikhail Gorbachev took the request as as a joke but Mr Cliburn was entirely serious .
mikhail gorbachev took the [ask for] as as a joke but mr cliburn was entirely serious .

Yet , as they finally declare their love for each other — having been tricked into so doing — Beatrice asks one favour : It seems to me that the fact that this request comes in prose is a sign that it is not to be taken seriously , since it , too , like so much else in the play , is based on false appearances .
yet , as they finally declare their love for each other — having been tricked into so doing — beatrice asks one favour : it seems to me that the fact that this [ask for] comes in prose is a sign that it is not to be taken seriously , since it , too , like so much else in the play , is based on false appearances .

To protect themselves , they were to be permitted to say that this differential was being implemented ‘ at the Minister 's request ’ .
to protect themselves , they were to be permitted to say that this differential was being implemented ‘ at the minister 's [ask for] ’ .

At a banquet for the president of Turkey at Hampton Court Palace the entertainment was to be provided , at the president 's request , by students from the Royal Ballet School .
at a banquet for the president of turkey at hampton court palace the entertainment was to be provided , at the president 's [ask for] , by students from the royal ballet school .

The calculation takes account of processing power and the speed of communication links , and then the request to start the thread is handed on to the processor with the least to do .
the calculation takes account of processing power and the speed of communication links , and then the [ask for] to start the thread is handed on to the processor with the least to do .

David Scott , for example , told one of his Angus constituents in the last years of the eighteenth century , when refusing his request for patronage , that he was
david scott , for example , told one of his angus constituents in the last years of the eighteenth century , when refusing his [ask for] for patronage , that he was

This was particularly true when the request did not involve employment , for the successful conferment of a small charitable favour was in fact more likely to be long remembered than the award of a place .
this was particularly true when the [ask for] did not involve employment , for the successful conferment of a small charitable favour was in fact more likely to be long remembered than the award of a place .

Drummond , however , assured Milton that he had made no reply to this request , but the implication was left quite clear , though unstated .
drummond , however , assured milton that he had made no reply to this [ask for] , but the implication was left quite clear , though unstated .

In case Lord Milton missed the importance of making this change , Campbell took the trouble of repeating the request three days after first suggesting it , which was clearly long before the judge could have hoped to arrange such an alteration .
in case lord milton missed the importance of making this change , campbell took the trouble of repeating the [ask for] three days after first suggesting it , which was clearly long before the judge could have hoped to arrange such an alteration .

Unfortunately there was some uncertainty about the right of presentation , for there was some question whether the right to present belonged to Erskine of Carnock , and the latter had given his presentation , at the request of the member of parliament , to a clergyman named Bruce .
unfortunately there was some uncertainty about the right of presentation , for there was some question whether the right to present belonged to erskine of carnock , and the latter had given his presentation , at the [ask for] of the member of parliament , to a clergyman named bruce .

The friends of David Cunningham , such as Colonel Blackadder , had to be put off with a clear refusal , and a request to persuade Cunningham to withdraw , while at the same time every effort had to be made to engage all those gentlemen who had not committed themselves to a candidate to rally to Kirkton .
the friends of david cunningham , such as colonel blackadder , had to be put off with a clear refusal , and a [ask for] to persuade cunningham to withdraw , while at the same time every effort had to be made to engage all those gentlemen who had not committed themselves to a candidate to rally to kirkton .

Some families wonder whether they should request information about the background of the child and , if this is supplied , how it should be used .
some families wonder whether they should [ask for] information about the background of the child and , if this is supplied , how it should be used .

The course fee is £100 per place and full details are available on request from Leica .
the course fee is £100 per place and full details are available on [ask for] from leica .

Despite this level of support , and a direct request from James Baker when he was still secretary of state , Mr Karimov has refused to register Birlik as a political party .
despite this level of support , and a direct [ask for] from james baker when he was still secretary of state , mr karimov has refused to register birlik as a political party .

But his drug-policy staff has been cut , and the budget request he has sent to Congress looks just like the one sent by George Bush .
but his drug-policy staff has been cut , and the budget [ask for] he has sent to congress looks just like the one sent by george bush .

The Kurator is a facilitator who works on request with young people and their families .
the kurator is a facilitator who works on [ask for] with young people and their families .

My contact with the family had lapsed for a while when the head asked to see me to request help in explaining the Statementing procedures to Mrs Singh .
my contact with the family had lapsed for a while when the head asked to see me to [ask for] help in explaining the statementing procedures to mrs singh .

As the head of Cedars was making his entry list for September already , and would have to submit it by the end of the week , the educational psychologist was going to request a place for Balbinder before Statementing him .
as the head of cedars was making his entry list for september already , and would have to submit it by the end of the week , the educational psychologist was going to [ask for] a place for balbinder before statementing him .

‘ This is in reply to a request we made of Greek Intelligence for as exhaustive a list as they could supply of all places where Andropulos is known either to do business or have contacts .
‘ this is in reply to a [ask for] we made of greek intelligence for as exhaustive a list as they could supply of all places where andropulos is known either to do business or have contacts .

They thought that was a bit steep for a quarter of an hour 's work and sent back the bill with a request to itemize it .
they thought that was a bit steep for a quarter of an hour 's work and sent back the bill with a [ask for] to itemize it .

’ even when the question is a request for philosophical enlightenment .
’ even when the question is a [ask for] for philosophical enlightenment .

The unexpectedness of this request seems to have taken the king by surprise .
the unexpectedness of this [ask for] seems to have taken the king by surprise .

But Anselm 's request , like everything else in his life , was quite simple and direct : he needed advice from his only ecclesiastical superior .
but anselm 's [ask for] , like everything else in his life , was quite simple and direct : he needed advice from his only ecclesiastical superior .

At the request of the inhabitants , he also opened up a well from which they draw water to this day , and his name is still commemorated in the village .
at the [ask for] of the inhabitants , he also opened up a well from which they draw water to this day , and his name is still commemorated in the village .

In the years 1100 to 1102 , Henry was in a much weaker position than Rufus to refuse any reasonable request of Anselm which did not infringe the royal rights , and Anselm , newly returned from contact with Hugh of Lyons , was equipped with knowledge of papal theory and practice to a much greater extent than in the years before his exile .
in the years 1100 to 1102 , henry was in a much weaker position than rufus to refuse any reasonable [ask for] of anselm which did not infringe the royal rights , and anselm , newly returned from contact with hugh of lyons , was equipped with knowledge of papal theory and practice to a much greater extent than in the years before his exile .

Last July a court in Aix refused Vasarely 's request to nominate a temporary administration to the Foundation but did appoint two experts to evaluate the assets of the Foundation and take stock of which works have been sold .
last july a court in aix refused vasarely 's [ask for] to nominate a temporary administration to the foundation but did appoint two experts to evaluate the assets of the foundation and take stock of which works have been sold .

The urgency of the Czech art establishment 's task is not helped by cloying , centralising bureaucracy : when an English-language Prague newspaper requested a photograph of a Schiele drawing from the National Gallery 's collection , it was told to send a formal request to the director , Mr Slavicek .
the urgency of the czech art establishment 's task is not helped by cloying , centralising bureaucracy : when an english-language prague newspaper requested a photograph of a schiele drawing from the national gallery 's collection , it was told to send a formal [ask for] to the director , mr slavicek .

Westrail sought permission to operate over the Galway-Athenry section and this request was approved .
westrail sought permission to operate over the galway-athenry section and this [ask for] was approved .

Now Raby was also a considerable scholar of Latin poetry of the Middle Ages ; finally , Saxl asked Gombrich to write Raby a request in Latin poetry in case that might move him to action .
now raby was also a considerable scholar of latin poetry of the middle ages ; finally , saxl asked gombrich to write raby a [ask for] in latin poetry in case that might move him to action .

And that 's another thing you must learn : you should speak only when you 're spoken to , unless you wish to make a serious request .
and that 's another thing you must learn : you should speak only when you 're spoken to , unless you wish to make a serious [ask for] .

In 1988 another request was made to export the canvas .
in 1988 another [ask for] was made to export the canvas .

Jellie Dijkstra has published some telling information she discovered in Belgian archives : around one-third of all the fifteenth-century commissions and half of the sixteenth-century commissions request a copy of one kind or another .
jellie dijkstra has published some telling information she discovered in belgian archives : around one-third of all the fifteenth-century commissions and half of the sixteenth-century commissions [ask for] a copy of one kind or another .

He mentioned the request for information from the Criminal Investigation Division of the police in Western Australia , of a description received from Perth of a murder suspect , which might be relevant and might not , could n't say .
he mentioned the [ask for] for information from the criminal investigation division of the police in western australia , of a description received from perth of a murder suspect , which might be relevant and might not , could n't say .

The Australian Government met the British request by sending the Royal Australian Air Force 's Dakota transports of 38 Squadron to Malaya , deploying in May 1950 .
the australian government met the british [ask for] by sending the royal australian air force 's dakota transports of 38 squadron to malaya , deploying in may 1950 .

So the request for une glace in a restaurant unambiguously refers to ice-cream and it is this aspect which must be interpreted .
so the [ask for] for une glace in a restaurant unambiguously refers to ice-cream and it is this aspect which must be interpreted .

The Catholic Media Office said 2,094 made the formal request to be received into the Church at the cathedral services .
the catholic media office said 2,094 made the formal [ask for] to be received into the church at the cathedral services .

Indeed , so popular were indulgences that during 1498 and 1499 an estimated 2000 English priests were obliged to request plenary indulgences from the pope on behalf of their lay parishioners .
indeed , so popular were indulgences that during 1498 and 1499 an estimated 2000 english priests were obliged to [ask for] plenary indulgences from the pope on behalf of their lay parishioners .

Although the case for an annulment was weak in terms of canon law , it was politically expedient for the pope to concede and few believed that the request would be denied .
although the case for an annulment was weak in terms of canon law , it was politically expedient for the pope to concede and few believed that the [ask for] would be denied .

Indeed , the King of Italy telegraphed the request personally to the Tsar .
indeed , the king of italy telegraphed the [ask for] personally to the tsar .

Practically his first request to her had been to ask her to clean his shoes ! )
practically his first [ask for] to her had been to ask her to clean his shoes ! )

describe , report , summarise , explain , request , instruct , argue , etc .
describe , report , summarise , explain , [ask for] , instruct , argue , etc .

The initial request from the Bishop was greeted with enthusiasm — that enthusiasm prevailed and the public speaking competition was born , albeit with one or two hiccups .
the initial [ask for] from the bishop was greeted with enthusiasm — that enthusiasm prevailed and the public speaking competition was born , albeit with one or two hiccups .

On the consumer 's request , and payment of 25p , the bureau then sends the consumer a plain-English version of what — if anything — is on the file about him .
on the consumer 's [ask for] , and payment of 25p , the bureau then sends the consumer a plain-english version of what — if anything — is on the file about him .

This statement would be available on request to customers from the lender or through the Consumer Credit Public Register which already covers licences and licence applications .
this statement would be available on [ask for] to customers from the lender or through the consumer credit public register which already covers licences and licence applications .

Euthanasia , although technically illegal was practised in Holland , but under what were regarded as safeguards , including the explicit and continued request of the patient , the agreement of relatives and of two doctors one of whom must be a consultant .
euthanasia , although technically illegal was practised in holland , but under what were regarded as safeguards , including the explicit and continued [ask for] of the patient , the agreement of relatives and of two doctors one of whom must be a consultant .

Effectual prayer is ‘ in the name of Jesus ’ , which ascription means , ‘ according to his character and purpose ’ — and we are part of that purpose ! If , while we are praying for the Lord to do a new thing , we are failing to take action in areas where his intentions are perfectly clear and his resources for their implementation guaranteed , then he is unlikely to respond to our appeals to do more . Indeed , if he were to accede to our request , we would probably become so alarmed by the manifestations of his power that you would n't see most of us for dust !
effectual prayer is ‘ in the name of jesus ’ , which ascription means , ‘ according to his character and purpose ’ — and we are part of that purpose ! if , while we are praying for the lord to do a new thing , we are failing to take action in areas where his intentions are perfectly clear and his resources for their implementation guaranteed , then he is unlikely to respond to our appeals to do more . indeed , if he were to accede to our [ask for] , we would probably become so alarmed by the manifestations of his power that you would n't see most of us for dust !

1.6.5 immediately to bring to the attention of any improper or wrongful use of 's trade marks , designs , models or other similar industrial , intellectual or commercial property rights which come to the notice of and in the performance of its duties under this Agreement , and to use every effort to safeguard the property rights and interests of and and at the request and cost of , take all steps required by to defend such rights ;
1.6.5 immediately to bring to the attention of any improper or wrongful use of 's trade marks , designs , models or other similar industrial , intellectual or commercial property rights which come to the notice of and in the performance of its duties under this agreement , and to use every effort to safeguard the property rights and interests of and and at the [ask for] and cost of , take all steps required by to defend such rights ;

10.3 may request training and assistance in addition to that provided for in Clauses 10.1 and 10.2 above , in which case shall be permitted to charge for this service .
10.3 may [ask for] training and assistance in addition to that provided for in clauses 10.1 and 10.2 above , in which case shall be permitted to charge for this service .

4.4 The Distributor agrees to undertake an Annual Stock Count each year and shall supply details of stock figures to the Publishers and shall permit a representative of the Publisher to be present at the Stock Count should the Publisher so request
4.4 the distributor agrees to undertake an annual stock count each year and shall supply details of stock figures to the publishers and shall permit a representative of the publisher to be present at the stock count should the publisher so [ask for]

5.3 The Distributor agrees to undertake an annual stock count on 30 June of each year and shall supply details of stock figures to the Publisher and shall permit a representative of the Publisher to be present at the stock count should the Publisher so request .
5.3 the distributor agrees to undertake an annual stock count on 30 june of each year and shall supply details of stock figures to the publisher and shall permit a representative of the publisher to be present at the stock count should the publisher so [ask for] .

5.3 The Distributor agrees to undertake an annual stock count on 30 June of each year and shall supply details of stock figures to the Publisher and shall permit a representative of the Publisher to be present at the stock count should the Publisher so request .
5.3 the distributor agrees to undertake an annual stock count on 30 june of each year and shall supply details of stock figures to the publisher and shall permit a representative of the publisher to be present at the stock count should the publisher so [ask for] .

10.1 The Academic Parties undertake that as respects copyright and other intellectual property rights in any items comprising technical information in respect of their results they will at the request and cost of the Non-academic Parties to this Agreement assign to and execute and do all such deeds acts matters and things as may be requisite for vesting such rights in an Non-academic Party either along or jointly with other Non-academic Parties to this Agreement .
10.1 the academic parties undertake that as respects copyright and other intellectual property rights in any items comprising technical information in respect of their results they will at the [ask for] and cost of the non-academic parties to this agreement assign to and execute and do all such deeds acts matters and things as may be requisite for vesting such rights in an non-academic party either along or jointly with other non-academic parties to this agreement .

In the event of any Related company ceasing to be so related then ( unless the requisite rights are duly assigned to it by such Party by agreement ) each Party undertakes on request to grant to it continuing rights of a similar nature on fair and reasonable terms .
in the event of any related company ceasing to be so related then ( unless the requisite rights are duly assigned to it by such party by agreement ) each party undertakes on [ask for] to grant to it continuing rights of a similar nature on fair and reasonable terms .

10.8.12 In respect of licences granted under intellectual property rights the licensor shall , at the request and coat of the licensee , execute and do all such deeds , acts matters and thins as are requisite for securing an official registration of such licenses .
10.8.12 in respect of licences granted under intellectual property rights the licensor shall , at the [ask for] and coat of the licensee , execute and do all such deeds , acts matters and thins as are requisite for securing an official registration of such licenses .

The Project Manager shall not unreasonably withhold or delay the issue of such authority , and any delay exceeding six weeks from the date of request , or any refusal of authority , shall be subject to review by the Project Committee .
the project manager shall not unreasonably withhold or delay the issue of such authority , and any delay exceeding six weeks from the date of [ask for] , or any refusal of authority , shall be subject to review by the project committee .

13.2.3 Subject as aforesaid , any refusal or unreasonable delay ( including but not by way of limitation , any delay beyond the date specified in the request ) in granting such consent may be referred to the Project Committee .
13.2.3 subject as aforesaid , any refusal or unreasonable delay ( including but not by way of limitation , any delay beyond the date specified in the [ask for] ) in granting such consent may be referred to the project committee .

15.2 If a Party defaults in its obligation so as to jeopardise the objectives of the Project , and if the defaulting Party fails to cure its default within 60 days of a written request from the other Parties ( the Project Manager ) so to do , then the defaulting Party 's right to continue participating in the Project shall ( subject to the prior obtaining of any necessary consents from the Secretary of State ) be terminated .
15.2 if a party defaults in its obligation so as to jeopardise the objectives of the project , and if the defaulting party fails to cure its default within 60 days of a written [ask for] from the other parties ( the project manager ) so to do , then the defaulting party 's right to continue participating in the project shall ( subject to the prior obtaining of any necessary consents from the secretary of state ) be terminated .

18.1 If the Publisher notifies the Proprietor that it no longer wishes to publish the Work then on written request by the Proprietor the Publisher will do everything necessary to vest the Work as then published by the Publisher in the Proprietor 's ownership .
18.1 if the publisher notifies the proprietor that it no longer wishes to publish the work then on written [ask for] by the proprietor the publisher will do everything necessary to vest the work as then published by the publisher in the proprietor 's ownership .

Such approvals shall not be withheld or delayed unreasonably. must respond to any such request for approval within ten ( 10 ) days of receipt of same failing which will be deemed to have given its assent .
such approvals shall not be withheld or delayed unreasonably. must respond to any such [ask for] for approval within ten ( 10 ) days of receipt of same failing which will be deemed to have given its assent .

12.1 Any notice , document or request falling to be given or served under this Agreement may be given or served by sending it by registered post or certified mail , postage pre-paid , or by tested telex or facsimile transmission to : in the case of
12.1 any notice , document or [ask for] falling to be given or served under this agreement may be given or served by sending it by registered post or certified mail , postage pre-paid , or by tested telex or facsimile transmission to : in the case of

Either party may give written notice to the other of a change of address , and after notice of such change has been served and received , any notice , document or request given or served thereafter shall be given to or served upon such party at such changed address .
either party may give written notice to the other of a change of address , and after notice of such change has been served and received , any notice , document or [ask for] given or served thereafter shall be given to or served upon such party at such changed address .

5.3 The Distributor agrees to undertake an annual stock count on 1 January of each year and shall supply details of stock figures to the Publisher and shall permit a representative of the Publisher to be present at the stock count should the Publisher so request .
5.3 the distributor agrees to undertake an annual stock count on 1 january of each year and shall supply details of stock figures to the publisher and shall permit a representative of the publisher to be present at the stock count should the publisher so [ask for] .

17.1 If the Publisher notifies the Company that it no longer wishes to publish the Work then on written request by the Company the Publisher will execute such documents and do everything necessary to re-assign and vest the Work in the Company 's ownership .
17.1 if the publisher notifies the company that it no longer wishes to publish the work then on written [ask for] by the company the publisher will execute such documents and do everything necessary to re-assign and vest the work in the company 's ownership .

The Author has prepared a script ( hereinafter called ‘ the Script ’ ) at the request of the Publisher for incorporation into a video entitled ( hereinafter called ‘ the Video ’ ) to be published in two parts ( hereinafter called ‘ Cassette One ’ and ‘ Cassette Two ’ )
the author has prepared a script ( hereinafter called ‘ the script ’ ) at the [ask for] of the publisher for incorporation into a video entitled ( hereinafter called ‘ the video ’ ) to be published in two parts ( hereinafter called ‘ cassette one ’ and ‘ cassette two ’ )

7.1 If the Publisher fails to publish the Video within one year of the Author 's signature of this agreement or notifies the Author that it no longer wishes to publish the Video then on written request by the Author the Publisher will do everything necessary to vest the script in the Author 's ownership
7.1 if the publisher fails to publish the video within one year of the author 's signature of this agreement or notifies the author that it no longer wishes to publish the video then on written [ask for] by the author the publisher will do everything necessary to vest the script in the author 's ownership

The Author has prepared a script ( hereinafter called ‘ the Script ’ ) at the request of the Publisher for incorporation into a video entitled Project Video 2 ( hereinafter called ‘ the Video ’ ) to be published in two parts ( hereinafter called ‘ Cassette One ’ and ‘ Cassette Two ’ )
the author has prepared a script ( hereinafter called ‘ the script ’ ) at the [ask for] of the publisher for incorporation into a video entitled project video 2 ( hereinafter called ‘ the video ’ ) to be published in two parts ( hereinafter called ‘ cassette one ’ and ‘ cassette two ’ )

7.1 If the Publisher fails to publish the Video within one year of the Author 's signature of this agreement or notifies the Author that it no longer wishes to publish the Video then on written request by the Author the Publisher will do everything necessary to vest the script in the Author 's ownership
7.1 if the publisher fails to publish the video within one year of the author 's signature of this agreement or notifies the author that it no longer wishes to publish the video then on written [ask for] by the author the publisher will do everything necessary to vest the script in the author 's ownership

was in request because it had them not .
was in [ask for] because it had them not .

It is a striking fact , by no means lost on the men who have to pay for them , that the spirits which so plague their womenfolk have expensive tastes and invariably request such items as costly perfumes , jewellery , fine dresses , and delicious foods and sweetmeats .
it is a striking fact , by no means lost on the men who have to pay for them , that the spirits which so plague their womenfolk have expensive tastes and invariably [ask for] such items as costly perfumes , jewellery , fine dresses , and delicious foods and sweetmeats .

Gliffs have notions of geometry , and can allocate and request space .
gliffs have notions of geometry , and can allocate and [ask for] space .

The leaders who went out to any area of European expansion had to make all their own decisions because it would take months , if not years , for their sovereign to reply to any request for instructions .
the leaders who went out to any area of european expansion had to make all their own decisions because it would take months , if not years , for their sovereign to reply to any [ask for] for instructions .

There was evidence that some had their names withheld due to a specific request by a magistrate , judge or , in one instance , by the victim 's husband .
there was evidence that some had their names withheld due to a specific [ask for] by a magistrate , judge or , in one instance , by the victim 's husband .

The newspaper complied with this request .
the newspaper complied with this [ask for] .

By intervening in this way , one can reasonably assume that this request can be regarded as making an exception to the general rules — implicit or explicit — of identification .
by intervening in this way , one can reasonably assume that this [ask for] can be regarded as making an exception to the general rules — implicit or explicit — of identification .

In other cases involving schools but where there was no report of any request by the judge , coverage split fairly evenly between occasions when the school was named and those where it was not .
in other cases involving schools but where there was no report of any [ask for] by the judge , coverage split fairly evenly between occasions when the school was named and those where it was not .

Women counsellors , buddies and Helpline volunteers are available upon request .
women counsellors , buddies and helpline volunteers are available upon [ask for] .

It is important not to be rushed into taking a test merely because of a request to do so by some other person or organisation .
it is important not to be rushed into taking a test merely because of a [ask for] to do so by some other person or organisation .

Gay male counsellors , buddies and helpline volunteers are available upon request .
gay male counsellors , buddies and helpline volunteers are available upon [ask for] .

Hidden in a hole in the platform was Gary Sutcliffe , with a 12 volt car battery feeding a home-made switching panel , from which he changed the aspects of the ex-BR colour light signal at the request of the film crew .
hidden in a hole in the platform was gary sutcliffe , with a 12 volt car battery feeding a home-made switching panel , from which he changed the aspects of the ex-br colour light signal at the [ask for] of the film crew .

Their aim is to show concern and make a clear , polite request .
their aim is to show concern and make a clear , polite [ask for] .

During a seance , humans request their spirit guides to come and to help them .
during a seance , humans [ask for] their spirit guides to come and to help them .

More important was that German and Italian aid tended to arrive on request , and especially when most needed following Nationalist setbacks or preceding major pushes ; that it was channelled through Franco as Nationalist leader and not , as with Soviet aid to the Republic , through a political faction ; and that it came on easy credit terms with no political strings attached .
more important was that german and italian aid tended to arrive on [ask for] , and especially when most needed following nationalist setbacks or preceding major pushes ; that it was channelled through franco as nationalist leader and not , as with soviet aid to the republic , through a political faction ; and that it came on easy credit terms with no political strings attached .

Vegetarian meals can be provided , and packed lunches are available on request .
vegetarian meals can be provided , and packed lunches are available on [ask for] .

Vegetarians and special diets are catered for on request .
vegetarians and special diets are catered for on [ask for] .

Lunch is available on request .
lunch is available on [ask for] .

Special diets are catered for on request .
special diets are catered for on [ask for] .

Packed lunches are provided on request .
packed lunches are provided on [ask for] .

Vegetarian dishes and other special diets are no problem for Judy and snacks and light lunches will be provided on request .
vegetarian dishes and other special diets are no problem for judy and snacks and light lunches will be provided on [ask for] .

Packed lunches are available on request .
packed lunches are available on [ask for] .

Lunch or packed lunches are provided on request .
lunch or packed lunches are provided on [ask for] .

Packed lunches are available on request .
packed lunches are available on [ask for] .

Packed lunches are available on request .
packed lunches are available on [ask for] .

Despatched to Necromunda at the request of an ancestor of the present Lord Helmawr , those Space Marines had maintained a fortified base in the Palatine ever since .
despatched to necromunda at the [ask for] of an ancestor of the present lord helmawr , those space marines had maintained a fortified base in the palatine ever since .

The builder 's surveyor will normally remeasure the work executed by labour and material sub-contractors , who may agree the measurements on site or alternatively submit a formal invoice or payment request for the builder 's surveyor to check and approve .
the builder 's surveyor will normally remeasure the work executed by labour and material sub-contractors , who may agree the measurements on site or alternatively submit a formal invoice or payment [ask for] for the builder 's surveyor to check and approve .

The vendor or his agent may request that tenders are submitted for a parcel of land ; the estate agent will give wide publicity to the site and circularise prospective purchasers .
the vendor or his agent may [ask for] that tenders are submitted for a parcel of land ; the estate agent will give wide publicity to the site and circularise prospective purchasers .

If , however , all the relevant landowners with road frontage request adoption the local authority are obliged to do so .
if , however , all the relevant landowners with road frontage [ask for] adoption the local authority are obliged to do so .

He was a little surprised by her request , as it was getting dark , and they were on a lonely hill some way from her house .
he was a little surprised by her [ask for] , as it was getting dark , and they were on a lonely hill some way from her house .

Colin Webley called round earlier at my request .
colin webley called round earlier at my [ask for] .

At last he managed to whisper a request for water , but the magistrate refused angrily .
at last he managed to whisper a [ask for] for water , but the magistrate refused angrily .

One more request — please explain everything to Mrs Fairfax .
one more [ask for] — please explain everything to mrs fairfax .

On the other hand , a question in the form of a quotation with a request for discussion normally requires an explanation of everything in the quotation .
on the other hand , a question in the form of a quotation with a [ask for] for discussion normally requires an explanation of everything in the quotation .

DeVore laughed , genuinely surprised by Berdichev 's request . ‘ Why ? What are you up to , Soren ? ’
devore laughed , genuinely surprised by berdichev 's [ask for] . ‘ why ? what are you up to , soren ? ’

If the parties had not agreed on the naming of the appointing authority , or if the authority which < They > agreed on nominating declines to appoint the arbitrator or is unable to nominate him within sixty days of the date of receiving the request which one of the parties presented to it in this regard , each of the parties may ask the Secretary-General of the Permanent Arbitration Court to nominate an appointing authority .
if the parties had not agreed on the naming of the appointing authority , or if the authority which < they > agreed on nominating declines to appoint the arbitrator or is unable to nominate him within sixty days of the date of receiving the [ask for] which one of the parties presented to it in this regard , each of the parties may ask the secretary-general of the permanent arbitration court to nominate an appointing authority .

If the parties had not agreed on nominating such authority , or if the nominated authority declines to appoint an arbitrator or is unable to nominate one within sixty days of its receipt of either party 's request to that effect , both parties may ask the Secretary-General of the Permanent Arbitration Court to nominate an appointing authority .
if the parties had not agreed on nominating such authority , or if the nominated authority declines to appoint an arbitrator or is unable to nominate one within sixty days of its receipt of either party 's [ask for] to that effect , both parties may ask the secretary-general of the permanent arbitration court to nominate an appointing authority .

As well as using the equivalent of ‘ which ’ to establish linkage , as in ‘ receiving the request which one of the parties presented to it ’ , the following verb is further suffixed for pronominal reference ( literally : ‘ which one of the parties presented-it-masculine to it-feminine ’ ) .
as well as using the equivalent of ‘ which ’ to establish linkage , as in ‘ receiving the [ask for] which one of the parties presented to it ’ , the following verb is further suffixed for pronominal reference ( literally : ‘ which one of the parties presented-it-masculine to it-feminine ’ ) .

With ‘ request ’ being a masculine noun and ‘ authority ’ a feminine noun in Arabic , the referential chains are not confused .
with ‘ [ask for] ’ being a masculine noun and ‘ authority ’ a feminine noun in arabic , the referential chains are not confused .

The black wings and running-board set off the sober mole colour of the body , and the President glowed as he proudly explained the working of the controls and gear lever , opened the doors to display the interior with its adjustable foot-rests for the rear-seat passengers and obliged a request from one admirer to see how much space there was in the luggage compartment at the back .
the black wings and running-board set off the sober mole colour of the body , and the president glowed as he proudly explained the working of the controls and gear lever , opened the doors to display the interior with its adjustable foot-rests for the rear-seat passengers and obliged a [ask for] from one admirer to see how much space there was in the luggage compartment at the back .

This request from the court caused some difficulties as it was argued that the government was seeking to impose its views and even a favoured solution of the dispute upon the court .
this [ask for] from the court caused some difficulties as it was argued that the government was seeking to impose its views and even a favoured solution of the dispute upon the court .

Lord Wilberforce sought to rebut this but the request clearly , in the minds of some , showed that the court was not independent or impartial .
lord wilberforce sought to rebut this but the [ask for] clearly , in the minds of some , showed that the court was not independent or impartial .

This means that parents would not need to request the preferred school over a less favoured alternative .
this means that parents would not need to [ask for] the preferred school over a less favoured alternative .

There is no record of whether his request was granted .
there is no record of whether his [ask for] was granted .

His request was unusual and , as presented , not a specially attractive one .
his [ask for] was unusual and , as presented , not a specially attractive one .

Obeyed the nurses ' every request .
obeyed the nurses ' every [ask for] .

The system involves an obligation to provide evidence of having sought help from charities , friends and relations , and even if this can be provided and the request deemed a reasonable one , no payment will be forthcoming if it involves the breach of cash limits .
the system involves an obligation to provide evidence of having sought help from charities , friends and relations , and even if this can be provided and the [ask for] deemed a reasonable one , no payment will be forthcoming if it involves the breach of cash limits .

It was undertaken at the request of the school by John Swain and Carole Thirlaway ( from the local polytechnic ) and involved the following steps :
it was undertaken at the [ask for] of the school by john swain and carole thirlaway ( from the local polytechnic ) and involved the following steps :

Now Adam interrupted Miranda 's reverie by saying , ‘ By the way , Paul Littlejohn says that the trustees regretfully must turn down your request for funds to redecorate your house .
now adam interrupted miranda 's reverie by saying , ‘ by the way , paul littlejohn says that the trustees regretfully must turn down your [ask for] for funds to redecorate your house .

’ Recently the trust had refused Miranda 's request for a new plane and an extension to her house .
’ recently the trust had refused miranda 's [ask for] for a new plane and an extension to her house .

Unfortunately , this request did n't come within the trust beneficiary limits .
unfortunately , this [ask for] did n't come within the trust beneficiary limits .

However , in retrieving documents from a database holding the contents of a library , or when a request is based on meeting several different criteria , the situation is quite different .
however , in retrieving documents from a database holding the contents of a library , or when a [ask for] is based on meeting several different criteria , the situation is quite different .

Each record is examined in turn , and its descriptors are compared with those of the search request ( which might be like that for a graduate engineer with other attributes shown above ) .
each record is examined in turn , and its descriptors are compared with those of the search [ask for] ( which might be like that for a graduate engineer with other attributes shown above ) .

In practice many designers prefer to hold the complete record in the master file , as this avoids the problem of assembling information about attributes possessed by the record but not specifically referenced in the request .
in practice many designers prefer to hold the complete record in the master file , as this avoids the problem of assembling information about attributes possessed by the record but not specifically referenced in the [ask for] .

To take the example of record 122 , grade and branch were not included in the request for a male from operations department who can speak Italian .
to take the example of record 122 , grade and branch were not included in the [ask for] for a male from operations department who can speak italian .

This information would not be automatically collected from the request , but is essential in order to describe the person fully , and the retrieval process has to ensure that it is provided .
this information would not be automatically collected from the [ask for] , but is essential in order to describe the person fully , and the retrieval process has to ensure that it is provided .

First , the file may not be able to support such complicated search conditions as a serial file , because the size of work area required to process a request is now much larger ; instead of dealing with one record at a time , the system now deals with all relevant records at once .
first , the file may not be able to support such complicated search conditions as a serial file , because the size of work area required to process a [ask for] is now much larger ; instead of dealing with one record at a time , the system now deals with all relevant records at once .

This speeds request handling but greatly increases the work area size needed , particularly if a very widely used descriptor is the first to be cited in the retrieval request .
this speeds [ask for] handling but greatly increases the work area size needed , particularly if a very widely used descriptor is the first to be cited in the retrieval [ask for] .

’ He put a little command in that request .
’ he put a little command in that [ask for] .

No calculated glances , no abrupt addresses , no stratagems , just the easy politeness , he thought , of the worldly gentleman and not even a sly request for a hot stone or a late candle to his room .
no calculated glances , no abrupt addresses , no stratagems , just the easy politeness , he thought , of the worldly gentleman and not even a sly [ask for] for a hot stone or a late candle to his room .

Two respondents indicated that all ordinands in their college have their singing voices assessed during their training , and then receive instruction as necessary , Others offer training in singing only at the request of the ordinand , or the tutor or parish placement supervisor .
two respondents indicated that all ordinands in their college have their singing voices assessed during their training , and then receive instruction as necessary , others offer training in singing only at the [ask for] of the ordinand , or the tutor or parish placement supervisor .

If permission for copying is refused by the publisher , it may be that the work has been withdrawn at the request of its composer .
if permission for copying is refused by the publisher , it may be that the work has been withdrawn at the [ask for] of its composer .

First thing tomorrow he was going to phone the Chief Constable to request copies of everything the Old Bill found out .
first thing tomorrow he was going to phone the chief constable to [ask for] copies of everything the old bill found out .

The music was turned down at the request of a fat man who was actually trying to sleep through all the noise .
the music was turned down at the [ask for] of a fat man who was actually trying to sleep through all the noise .

Indeed , a request for more precision would likely be interpreted as a sign of immaturity or inexperience .
indeed , a [ask for] for more precision would likely be interpreted as a sign of immaturity or inexperience .

It publishes reports at two levels : ( 1 ) a general report that avoids controversial issues ; and ( 2 ) a limited circulation report that is available only to responsible ministers , the Cour des Comptes , and ( upon request ) to the parliamentary finance commissions .
it publishes reports at two levels : ( 1 ) a general report that avoids controversial issues ; and ( 2 ) a limited circulation report that is available only to responsible ministers , the cour des comptes , and ( upon [ask for] ) to the parliamentary finance commissions .

First , an outline of the way central government departments request funds is provided — the ‘ supply procedure ’ .
first , an outline of the way central government departments [ask for] funds is provided — the ‘ supply procedure ’ .

These represent the government 's formal request to Parliament for cash to finance the major part of central government 's expenditure .
these represent the government 's formal [ask for] to parliament for cash to finance the major part of central government 's expenditure .

Maidique ( 1980 ) states that ‘ month after month , Alastair Pilkington faced the firm 's directors with a new request for $ 280,000 of operating funds and with promises of progress on the project .
maidique ( 1980 ) states that ‘ month after month , alastair pilkington faced the firm 's directors with a new [ask for] for $ 280,000 of operating funds and with promises of progress on the project .

At the originator 's request this stage can proceed as a blind-review , with the originator 's name withheld .
at the originator 's [ask for] this stage can proceed as a blind-review , with the originator 's name withheld .

The statement culminates with a request for a consent to discharge ten p.p.m .
the statement culminates with a [ask for] for a consent to discharge ten p.p.m .

’ He also agrees to my request to take Fairfax on board as historical adviser and fixes a meeting in London in a few weeks to review progress .
’ he also agrees to my [ask for] to take fairfax on board as historical adviser and fixes a meeting in london in a few weeks to review progress .

Sally 's request would not be in the least out of character .
sally 's [ask for] would not be in the least out of character .

The low servants , men and women , have Laws , which at their own request , were drawn up , by Mrs. Curzon , for the observance of the minutest of their respective duties ; with little mulcts , that at first only there was occasion to exact .
the low servants , men and women , have laws , which at their own [ask for] , were drawn up , by mrs. curzon , for the observance of the minutest of their respective duties ; with little mulcts , that at first only there was occasion to exact .

It was impossible to refuse his request ; to do so would have been an insult .
it was impossible to refuse his [ask for] ; to do so would have been an insult .

The vice-chancellor and all professors , readers , lecturers and other salaried officers of the university shall vacate their office on the 30th day of September following the date on which they attain the age of 65 years unless the council … shall request any such officer to continue in office for such period as it shall from time to time determine provided that in the case of such persons holding office on 30 September 1977 , the date shall be that on which they attain the age of 67 years .
the vice-chancellor and all professors , readers , lecturers and other salaried officers of the university shall vacate their office on the 30th day of september following the date on which they attain the age of 65 years unless the council … shall [ask for] any such officer to continue in office for such period as it shall from time to time determine provided that in the case of such persons holding office on 30 september 1977 , the date shall be that on which they attain the age of 67 years .

No record of the initial request is kept and the shape and style only evolves as the metal is worked .
no record of the initial [ask for] is kept and the shape and style only evolves as the metal is worked .

He may alternatively request that the view be detailed to a lower level , in order to ascertain whether or not a geometric clash actually occurs .
he may alternatively [ask for] that the view be detailed to a lower level , in order to ascertain whether or not a geometric clash actually occurs .

The second site receives the transmission request and establishes whether the system is available and , if so , conducts the data transfer .
the second site receives the transmission [ask for] and establishes whether the system is available and , if so , conducts the data transfer .

This system searches and/or extracts data from its data base which complies with the request .
this system searches and/or extracts data from its data base which complies with the [ask for] .

In order that the design request can be formulated and handled in a systematic way , it is necessary to provide a structured data base in both site systems .
in order that the design [ask for] can be formulated and handled in a systematic way , it is necessary to provide a structured data base in both site systems .

Put in a request for one of them that is missing from the shelf , and see how the system works .
put in a [ask for] for one of them that is missing from the shelf , and see how the system works .

It is surprising how often this simple request is ignored and the spaces left blank or the numbers put down in any order but that asked for .
it is surprising how often this simple [ask for] is ignored and the spaces left blank or the numbers put down in any order but that asked for .

The request is made so that each question can be marked throughout the whole pile of scripts in one operation , before the next question is examined .
the [ask for] is made so that each question can be marked throughout the whole pile of scripts in one operation , before the next question is examined .

His request to her not to wash because he was coming reflects the customs of his time .
his [ask for] to her not to wash because he was coming reflects the customs of his time .

He had not at that time known that specific request for permission to shoot at Yugoslavs in support of Military Government had come from Gen Keightley at 5 Corps in Austria .
he had not at that time known that specific [ask for] for permission to shoot at yugoslavs in support of military government had come from gen keightley at 5 corps in austria .

Request you confirm our freedom of action in this `` .
[ask for] you confirm our freedom of action in this `` .

Sessions may be timetabled on a regular basis — once a fortnight or once every five lessons , say — or it may be left to teachers to request the room when they want to use video .
sessions may be timetabled on a regular basis — once a fortnight or once every five lessons , say — or it may be left to teachers to [ask for] the room when they want to use video .

The next lesson is recorded over the one before — and teachers should always have the security of knowing that a recording will be erased if they request it .
the next lesson is recorded over the one before — and teachers should always have the security of knowing that a recording will be erased if they [ask for] it .

The Frenchman nodded his assent without displaying any interest in the request , and Joseph bounded immediately into the lower branches of the tree nearest him .
the frenchman nodded his assent without displaying any interest in the [ask for] , and joseph bounded immediately into the lower branches of the tree nearest him .

When Nathaniel Sherman awoke and saw where he was , he had looked at his wife shamefacedly and agreed immediately to her request to be driven to the imperial capital at Hue where the emperor of Annam was due to celebrate the Tet festival the following day .
when nathaniel sherman awoke and saw where he was , he had looked at his wife shamefacedly and agreed immediately to her [ask for] to be driven to the imperial capital at hue where the emperor of annam was due to celebrate the tet festival the following day .

Readers and of Grimsby read our recent tank decor review and request for your own ideas .
readers and of grimsby read our recent tank decor review and [ask for] for your own ideas .

’ She liked to tease Alix about her hair , which was forever wispily descending from its large wooden slide : Toni 's own curled neatly in angelic dyed blonde braids , and sometimes on request she had given Alix lessons in hair management , but Alix could not , would not learn .
’ she liked to tease alix about her hair , which was forever wispily descending from its large wooden slide : toni 's own curled neatly in angelic dyed blonde braids , and sometimes on [ask for] she had given alix lessons in hair management , but alix could not , would not learn .

In cases where no request is forthcoming from the suspect , it is for the officer in charge of the investigation to decide whether a parade would be ‘ useful .
in cases where no [ask for] is forthcoming from the suspect , it is for the officer in charge of the investigation to decide whether a parade would be ‘ useful .

The jury 's request , made after retiring , to hear the tape , was granted by the trial judge .
the jury 's [ask for] , made after retiring , to hear the tape , was granted by the trial judge .

The jury 's request , after retirement , to hear the tapes of the appellant 's police interviews was refused by the trial judge .
the jury 's [ask for] , after retirement , to hear the tapes of the appellant 's police interviews was refused by the trial judge .

On hearing of my demented request , the other father , Alan , proceeded to laugh like a gibbon .
on hearing of my demented [ask for] , the other father , alan , proceeded to laugh like a gibbon .

Surprisingly , his superiors agreed to his request , and the subsequent journey was to change his life forever .
surprisingly , his superiors agreed to his [ask for] , and the subsequent journey was to change his life forever .

by request ; no offence meant ,
by [ask for] ; no offence meant ,

Its existence had not been revealed to the defence even after specific requests for unused material and , days before the trial , a specific request from a solicitor for three defendants , for a copy of any video tape .
its existence had not been revealed to the defence even after specific requests for unused material and , days before the trial , a specific [ask for] from a solicitor for three defendants , for a copy of any video tape .

Even in earlier Beethoven , works were often performed ( with Beethoven 's agreement ) in unintegral ways : movements were separated , popular sections repeated on request , improvised changes made .
even in earlier beethoven , works were often performed ( with beethoven 's agreement ) in unintegral ways : movements were separated , popular sections repeated on [ask for] , improvised changes made .

The red resisters of Mondano shot them , by popular request .
the red resisters of mondano shot them , by popular [ask for] .

‘ 2 ( 1 ) The powers of the Director under this section shall be exercisable , but only for the purposes of an investigation under section 1 above , or , on a request made by the Attorney-General of the Isle of Man , Jersey or Guernsey , under legislation corresponding to that section and having effect in the Island whose Attorney-General makes the request , in any case in which it appears to him that there is good reason to do so for the purpose of investigating the affairs , or any aspect of the affairs , of any person .
‘ 2 ( 1 ) the powers of the director under this section shall be exercisable , but only for the purposes of an investigation under section 1 above , or , on a [ask for] made by the attorney-general of the isle of man , jersey or guernsey , under legislation corresponding to that section and having effect in the island whose attorney-general makes the [ask for] , in any case in which it appears to him that there is good reason to do so for the purpose of investigating the affairs , or any aspect of the affairs , of any person .

However , Reichmann had a request .
however , reichmann had a [ask for] .

The request was granted .
the [ask for] was granted .

Mackay is a Scot who came south at the request of Mrs Thatcher following the resignation of Lord Havers due to ill health in 1987 .
mackay is a scot who came south at the [ask for] of mrs thatcher following the resignation of lord havers due to ill health in 1987 .

Karadjordje had previously received support from local assemblies which had been convened at his request , but this was the first time that an embryonic , partly elected government of Serbia had come into existence .
karadjordje had previously received support from local assemblies which had been convened at his [ask for] , but this was the first time that an embryonic , partly elected government of serbia had come into existence .

Karadjordje wrote to Napoleon , praising him for his treatment of ‘ our compatriots ’ in Illyria , and in 1810 he sent his emissary , Rade Vučinić , to Trieste and Paris to request French support .
karadjordje wrote to napoleon , praising him for his treatment of ‘ our compatriots ’ in illyria , and in 1810 he sent his emissary , rade vučinić , to trieste and paris to [ask for] french support .

‘ You could always consider it a last request . ’
‘ you could always consider it a last [ask for] . ’

Rostov had hoped to be permitted to seal the hatch , and thus to preserve the interior of the ship from incursion by animal and insect life — as well as from the potentially damaging effects of atmosphere and temperature — but Arghatun had rejected the request out of hand .
rostov had hoped to be permitted to seal the hatch , and thus to preserve the interior of the ship from incursion by animal and insect life — as well as from the potentially damaging effects of atmosphere and temperature — but arghatun had rejected the [ask for] out of hand .

Pogo never refused any request she made if it was in his power to satisfy her .
pogo never refused any [ask for] she made if it was in his power to satisfy her .

Auque 's news appeared to point to the fact that John was being held by an Iranian-backed group , and in March Hashemi Rafsanjani called a news conference in Tehran during which he repeated his request that Britain should help locate the missing Iranians in Beirut if it wanted Iran to help with the British hostages .
auque 's news appeared to point to the fact that john was being held by an iranian-backed group , and in march hashemi rafsanjani called a news conference in tehran during which he repeated his [ask for] that britain should help locate the missing iranians in beirut if it wanted iran to help with the british hostages .

For those driving to the fair , ferry/Hovercraft/Seacat crossings are available on request .
for those driving to the fair , ferry/hovercraft/seacat crossings are available on [ask for] .

‘ … one who deals with goods at the request of the person who has the actual custody of them , in the bona fide belief that the custodian is the true owner , should be excused for what he does if the act is of such a nature as would be excused if done by the authority of the person in possession , if he was a finder of the goods or entrusted with their custody … .
‘ … one who deals with goods at the [ask for] of the person who has the actual custody of them , in the bona fide belief that the custodian is the true owner , should be excused for what he does if the act is of such a nature as would be excused if done by the authority of the person in possession , if he was a finder of the goods or entrusted with their custody … .

Most of the children coming into care under section 2 of the Child Care Act do so at the request of their parents , and their parents can take them home whenever they wish .
most of the children coming into care under section 2 of the child care act do so at the [ask for] of their parents , and their parents can take them home whenever they wish .

The majority of children come into care at the request of their parents , because they are temporarily unable to look after them , and they will return to their own homes in due course .
the majority of children come into care at the [ask for] of their parents , because they are temporarily unable to look after them , and they will return to their own homes in due course .

The new emergency protection orders also allow courts to order a medical examination of the child , whilst parents may , after 72 hours , challenge any medical evidence as a result of this examination and request an alternative examination .
the new emergency protection orders also allow courts to order a medical examination of the child , whilst parents may , after 72 hours , challenge any medical evidence as a result of this examination and [ask for] an alternative examination .

The Corfiot , Corfu 's English language monthly magazine , and the Corfu Messenger , a weekly newspaper , request review copies for their book pages .
the corfiot , corfu 's english language monthly magazine , and the corfu messenger , a weekly newspaper , [ask for] review copies for their book pages .

This is a DOS-based collection of around 200 pre-written letters which cover most business situations , ranging from condolences on redundancy to a request for delayed payment on an invoice .
this is a dos-based collection of around 200 pre-written letters which cover most business situations , ranging from condolences on redundancy to a [ask for] for delayed payment on an invoice .

On the subject of batsmen and short-pitched bowling ; none apparently has been game enough to demand a fuller length , especially as this involves addressing such request to the likes of Denzil , Balfour or Elconn .
on the subject of batsmen and short-pitched bowling ; none apparently has been game enough to demand a fuller length , especially as this involves addressing such [ask for] to the likes of denzil , balfour or elconn .

The Water ( Fluoridation ) Act 1985 placed the responsibility for decisions on water fluoridation with district health authorities , who are required to consult locally before making a formal request to the water undertaker .
the water ( fluoridation ) act 1985 placed the responsibility for decisions on water fluoridation with district health authorities , who are required to consult locally before making a formal [ask for] to the water undertaker .

Previously we estimated that our data request omitted 6.5 % of cases and we now add a further 6.1 % who may have been lost because of inadequate records .
previously we estimated that our data [ask for] omitted 6.5 % of cases and we now add a further 6.1 % who may have been lost because of inadequate records .

The only request from the editor was that we should reduce the length of the paper .
the only [ask for] from the editor was that we should reduce the length of the paper .

To this end , this association has for some years now made the data sheet compendium — written originally for doctors and pharmacists — available to public libraries and , on request , to individual members of the public .
to this end , this association has for some years now made the data sheet compendium — written originally for doctors and pharmacists — available to public libraries and , on [ask for] , to individual members of the public .

The authors will supply , on request , the database of birth prevalences of different congenital abnormality entities and their references ; the database of 73 congenital abnormality entities that was the basis of this calculation ; and the data of congenital abnormality entities within different preventive approaches .
the authors will supply , on [ask for] , the database of birth prevalences of different congenital abnormality entities and their references ; the database of 73 congenital abnormality entities that was the basis of this calculation ; and the data of congenital abnormality entities within different preventive approaches .

Non-randomised comparisons of epidural analgesia with no analgesia or other forms of pain relief are likely to be biased since those women experiencing long , difficult labours are more likely to request epidural analgesia .
non-randomised comparisons of epidural analgesia with no analgesia or other forms of pain relief are likely to be biased since those women experiencing long , difficult labours are more likely to [ask for] epidural analgesia .

With no disincentives for patients to request night visits and incentives for general practitioners to visit can we expect the increased level of activity to yield health or welfare benefits or avoid costs elsewhere in the system ?
with no disincentives for patients to [ask for] night visits and incentives for general practitioners to visit can we expect the increased level of activity to yield health or welfare benefits or avoid costs elsewhere in the system ?

1803 " From a statement to this Meeting of the Desertion of the Militia men or non appearance ; which they consider as Disgracefull to the Inhabitants of Islay . and the more particularly as the said Militia Regt. is under the Command of the Heir apparent to the Estate of Islay … They hereby resolve to use every mean in their power to Detect the Deserters now presented upon a list … " " The Meeting Considering that the Island is in a backward state of Cultivation , have Resolved as an Improvement that each occupier of a 4d. land in Tillage over the whole Island shall sow in the ensuing Spring 2 pecks of Peas & Beans , and for enabling them to have proper Seed they now request that Shawfield will take the trouble of sending a Cargo of Peas & Beans to the Island in proper time … "
1803 " from a statement to this meeting of the desertion of the militia men or non appearance ; which they consider as disgracefull to the inhabitants of islay . and the more particularly as the said militia regt. is under the command of the heir apparent to the estate of islay … they hereby resolve to use every mean in their power to detect the deserters now presented upon a list … " " the meeting considering that the island is in a backward state of cultivation , have resolved as an improvement that each occupier of a 4d. land in tillage over the whole island shall sow in the ensuing spring 2 pecks of peas & beans , and for enabling them to have proper seed they now [ask for] that shawfield will take the trouble of sending a cargo of peas & beans to the island in proper time … "

14–5–1863 `` The court took into consideration the expediency of proceeding with the erection of a manse and unanimously resolved to request Claud McFie Esq .
14–5–1863 `` the court took into consideration the expediency of proceeding with the erection of a manse and unanimously resolved to [ask for] claud mcfie esq .

These are sent to patients with a request to take them along to their general practitioner within 10 days .
these are sent to patients with a [ask for] to take them along to their general practitioner within 10 days .

For example , a number of future enhancements are already envisaged involving the inclusion of ideal body weight on the general practitioner review forms and an option for general practitioners to request review by a diabetes education nurse .
for example , a number of future enhancements are already envisaged involving the inclusion of ideal body weight on the general practitioner review forms and an option for general practitioners to [ask for] review by a diabetes education nurse .

When a referral request from other parts of the Borders is received the GPs of Jedburgh are involved with the assessment and , if agreeable to the admission , will assume primary health care responsibility .
when a referral [ask for] from other parts of the borders is received the gps of jedburgh are involved with the assessment and , if agreeable to the admission , will assume primary health care responsibility .

The course fe is £100 per place and full details are available on request from Leica .
the course fe is £100 per place and full details are available on [ask for] from leica .

He had moved from Camberwell to Central with William Johnstone and at his request .
he had moved from camberwell to central with william johnstone and at his [ask for] .

His request was initially cold-shouldered , Ray recognising Minton as one of a drunken , rowdy crowd who had several times filled a box in the theatre .
his [ask for] was initially cold-shouldered , ray recognising minton as one of a drunken , rowdy crowd who had several times filled a box in the theatre .

The claimant can request a private hearing .
the claimant can [ask for] a private hearing .

Application for a pre-hearing assessment can be made by letter , and the obvious time for an employer to request such a hearing is when returning the Notice of Appearance .
application for a pre-hearing assessment can be made by letter , and the obvious time for an employer to [ask for] such a hearing is when returning the notice of appearance .

Since March 1985 a full written decision has only been provided at the request of either party .
since march 1985 a full written decision has only been provided at the [ask for] of either party .

Its deliberations had been hurried , its request for evidence stressed the need for a brevity viewed by many as excessive and it lacked sufficient resources to produce a credible alternative to any Government proposals .
its deliberations had been hurried , its [ask for] for evidence stressed the need for a brevity viewed by many as excessive and it lacked sufficient resources to produce a credible alternative to any government proposals .

The solicitor 's observations are sought in any case where shoddy work is found and the solicitor can request further consideration by a review panel of practising solicitors .
the solicitor 's observations are sought in any case where shoddy work is found and the solicitor can [ask for] further consideration by a review panel of practising solicitors .

‘ Might that not be the motive for my request ? Imagine my being in a position to tell Michel something that he ought to know — that may be vital for him to know . ’
‘ might that not be the motive for my [ask for] ? imagine my being in a position to tell michel something that he ought to know — that may be vital for him to know . ’

As yet this seems not to have been a frequent occurrence and the request was successfully rebuffed by some abbots of religious houses which did not own the king as patron , but a door had been opened which subsequent monarchs were to push far wider .
as yet this seems not to have been a frequent occurrence and the [ask for] was successfully rebuffed by some abbots of religious houses which did not own the king as patron , but a door had been opened which subsequent monarchs were to push far wider .

For the clergy to grant such a request as Edward was now making would undoubtedly require , in the archbishop 's mind , papal assent , and so he told the king .
for the clergy to grant such a [ask for] as edward was now making would undoubtedly require , in the archbishop 's mind , papal assent , and so he told the king .

In England in 1226 it had been made clear to the king that he could not tax the clergy diocese by diocese ; such an attempt in that year had been frustrated by the request of the Salisbury cathedral chapter for consultation with the clergy of other sees ; the proctors of the cathedral and collegiate clergy subsequently attended a provincial council armed with instructions from their ‘ constituents ’ .
in england in 1226 it had been made clear to the king that he could not tax the clergy diocese by diocese ; such an attempt in that year had been frustrated by the [ask for] of the salisbury cathedral chapter for consultation with the clergy of other sees ; the proctors of the cathedral and collegiate clergy subsequently attended a provincial council armed with instructions from their ‘ constituents ’ .

In May papal backing was given to her conditions for return ; two legates brought letters urging the younger Despenser to assist the reconciliation of the king and queen , virtually a request for him to abandon the court , but they got no further than Dover where the king interviewed them and threatened them with death if they dared to publish the pope 's letters .
in may papal backing was given to her conditions for return ; two legates brought letters urging the younger despenser to assist the reconciliation of the king and queen , virtually a [ask for] for him to abandon the court , but they got no further than dover where the king interviewed them and threatened them with death if they dared to publish the pope 's letters .

After its opening Archbishop Melton of York demanded that the king should be brought before parliament ; Bishops Stratford and Orleton were thereupon sent to Kenilworth , where the king was imprisoned , to request his attendance but they came back to report with some zest his offensive words of refusal .
after its opening archbishop melton of york demanded that the king should be brought before parliament ; bishops stratford and orleton were thereupon sent to kenilworth , where the king was imprisoned , to [ask for] his attendance but they came back to report with some zest his offensive words of refusal .

In 1314 the northern clergy were asked by the king for an ‘ aid ’ for his projected campaign against the Scots , a request repeated to them and the southern clergy in 1316 .
in 1314 the northern clergy were asked by the king for an ‘ aid ’ for his projected campaign against the scots , a [ask for] repeated to them and the southern clergy in 1316 .

In 1319 a royal request for a grant was referred by the clergy to the pope who eventually allowed a tenth .
in 1319 a royal [ask for] for a grant was referred by the clergy to the pope who eventually allowed a tenth .

Understanding this connection between the form and the function of language will help us to explain how stretches of language , like the request for help with the cat , can be coherent without being cohesive ; it will also help us as language teachers .
understanding this connection between the form and the function of language will help us to explain how stretches of language , like the [ask for] for help with the cat , can be coherent without being cohesive ; it will also help us as language teachers .

Understanding this connection between the form and the function of language will help us to explain how stretches of language , like the request for help with the cat , can be coherent without being cohesive ; it will also help us as language teachers .
understanding this connection between the form and the function of language will help us to explain how stretches of language , like the [ask for] for help with the cat , can be coherent without being cohesive ; it will also help us as language teachers .

There may be some kind of sequencing to functions , some order in the way they follow another : request — refusal ; plea — offer and so on .
there may be some kind of sequencing to functions , some order in the way they follow another : [ask for] — refusal ; plea — offer and so on .

It is not a difficult fragment to work with , it has a definable beginning and end , and , for most of the fragment , there is one participant talking , in response to another 's request for information .
it is not a difficult fragment to work with , it has a definable beginning and end , and , for most of the fragment , there is one participant talking , in response to another 's [ask for] for information .

This request for information provides a direction for the conversational fragment , so that we are considering speech with some purpose and not just social chat used to pass the time .
this [ask for] for information provides a direction for the conversational fragment , so that we are considering speech with some purpose and not just social chat used to pass the time .

One might also say that the content of the request for information could provide some basis for the content of the response , especially when the request is for the meaning of an expression to be given .
one might also say that the content of the [ask for] for information could provide some basis for the content of the response , especially when the [ask for] is for the meaning of an expression to be given .

‘ Your request is not permitted , ’ he said at last .
‘ your [ask for] is not permitted , ’ he said at last .

The words were less a request than an order .
the words were less a [ask for] than an order .

At seven a.m. the following morning , contemplating newspaper headlines which screamed ‘ The Filth and the Fury ’ , and with the clamour of shareholders ringing in his ears , Leslie Hill personally telephoned Branson at home with a simple request , ‘ Can we talk ? ’
at seven a.m. the following morning , contemplating newspaper headlines which screamed ‘ the filth and the fury ’ , and with the clamour of shareholders ringing in his ears , leslie hill personally telephoned branson at home with a simple [ask for] , ‘ can we talk ? ’

Twenty-four hours later , he was on the telephone again to Branson with another request .
twenty-four hours later , he was on the telephone again to branson with another [ask for] .

Coutts had considered Virgin 's request to exceed their overdraft by £200,000 over the next seven days .
coutts had considered virgin 's [ask for] to exceed their overdraft by £200,000 over the next seven days .

The defendant then , at the officer 's request , provided a specimen of blood , which on analysis proved to contain a proportion of alcohol in excess of the prescribed limit .
the defendant then , at the officer 's [ask for] , provided a specimen of blood , which on analysis proved to contain a proportion of alcohol in excess of the prescribed limit .

‘ In my judgment it does not require the constable making the request of the requirement to weigh up and balance competing considerations .
‘ in my judgment it does not require the constable making the [ask for] of the requirement to weigh up and balance competing considerations .

For whatever reason the Act provides that it is his responsibility to make the request , either for blood or urine .
for whatever reason the act provides that it is his responsibility to make the [ask for] , either for blood or urine .

Meanwhile , on 20 July , at the request of the applicant 's solicitors , Price had sworn an affidavit repudiating his Swedish evidence in so far as it implicated the applicant .
meanwhile , on 20 july , at the [ask for] of the applicant 's solicitors , price had sworn an affidavit repudiating his swedish evidence in so far as it implicated the applicant .

It was Mr. Newman 's submission that the matters to which regard should be had in the present case were ( 1 ) the lapse of time between the commission of the alleged offences and the request for extradition , and ( 2 ) the fact that the accusation against the applicant was contrary to the interests of justice , in that it would lead to the trial of the applicant in Sweden on the basis of the record of Price 's evidence , despite the fact that Price had subsequently retracted that evidence in this country in so far as it implicated the applicant .
it was mr. newman 's submission that the matters to which regard should be had in the present case were ( 1 ) the lapse of time between the commission of the alleged offences and the [ask for] for extradition , and ( 2 ) the fact that the accusation against the applicant was contrary to the interests of justice , in that it would lead to the trial of the applicant in sweden on the basis of the record of price 's evidence , despite the fact that price had subsequently retracted that evidence in this country in so far as it implicated the applicant .

It was not until 30 January 1992 that the Attorney-General of Ontario sent a formal request to the Lord Chancellor , who is the central authority in England .
it was not until 30 january 1992 that the attorney-general of ontario sent a formal [ask for] to the lord chancellor , who is the central authority in england .

In the light of the foregoing material and pending the conclusion of the investigation that has been undertaken at the request of the Chief Executive , the board resolved that , in the interests of investors , Norwich Union should for the time being and with immediate effect be prohibited from : ( 1 ) accepting any new investment business from the Winchester Group or any company representative of the Winchester Group and in particular entering into any investment contract with any investor introduced by the Winchester Group or any such company representative ; and ( 2 ) soliciting investment business from members of the public through the Winchester Group or any of its company representatives .
in the light of the foregoing material and pending the conclusion of the investigation that has been undertaken at the [ask for] of the chief executive , the board resolved that , in the interests of investors , norwich union should for the time being and with immediate effect be prohibited from : ( 1 ) accepting any new investment business from the winchester group or any company representative of the winchester group and in particular entering into any investment contract with any investor introduced by the winchester group or any such company representative ; and ( 2 ) soliciting investment business from members of the public through the winchester group or any of its company representatives .

‘ The appointment of the Winchester Group is on the basis that Mr. Victor Tee is no longer a director , a shareholder or an employee and we will inform you as soon as we have received a response to our request to the Royal Life Insurance Ltd. for a reference .
‘ the appointment of the winchester group is on the basis that mr. victor tee is no longer a director , a shareholder or an employee and we will inform you as soon as we have received a response to our [ask for] to the royal life insurance ltd. for a reference .

62 , r. 24 to request a taxing master to tax any of the items of costs , including fees , charges , disbursements , expenses and remuneration , contained in the account .
62 , r. 24 to [ask for] a taxing master to tax any of the items of costs , including fees , charges , disbursements , expenses and remuneration , contained in the account .

Resolution 733 started with the words : ‘ Considering the request by Somalia for the Security Council to consider the situation in Somalia .
resolution 733 started with the words : ‘ considering the [ask for] by somalia for the security council to consider the situation in somalia .

’ It appears that this request was contained in a letter from Mr. Qalib dated 15 December 1991 addressed to the Secretary General to the United Nations and the President of the Security Council .
’ it appears that this [ask for] was contained in a letter from mr. qalib dated 15 december 1991 addressed to the secretary general to the united nations and the president of the security council .

The Attorney-General 's Department in Australia ( the central authority of that country ) submitted a request for the return of the children to the central authority of the United Kingdom , and the originating summons was duly issued on 5 December 1991 .
the attorney-general 's department in australia ( the central authority of that country ) submitted a [ask for] for the return of the children to the central authority of the united kingdom , and the originating summons was duly issued on 5 december 1991 .

Meanwhile , since 1985 attempts have been made by the prosecution , against the most strenuous objections from Mr. Osman and the applicant , to take evidence in Malaysia pursuant to letters of request .
meanwhile , since 1985 attempts have been made by the prosecution , against the most strenuous objections from mr. osman and the applicant , to take evidence in malaysia pursuant to letters of [ask for] .

It complied with that request in the time allowed .
it complied with that [ask for] in the time allowed .

( 5 ) Where a determination of the adjudicator under a recognised scheme is binding on the building society or associated body , the adjudicator shall , at the request of the society or associated body , state a case for the opinion of the High Court on any question of law and the High Court may direct the adjudicator to reconsider the complaint .
( 5 ) where a determination of the adjudicator under a recognised scheme is binding on the building society or associated body , the adjudicator shall , at the [ask for] of the society or associated body , state a case for the opinion of the high court on any question of law and the high court may direct the adjudicator to reconsider the complaint .

‘ I/we request the society to arrange for a Woolwich home purchase report to be prepared and confirm I/we have read , understand and accept the conditions of engagement .
‘ i/we [ask for] the society to arrange for a woolwich home purchase report to be prepared and confirm i/we have read , understand and accept the conditions of engagement .

If you wish to obtain either of these more detailed reports we can request one from the surveyor or valuer we would normally use to obtain our report and mortgage valuation .
if you wish to obtain either of these more detailed reports we can [ask for] one from the surveyor or valuer we would normally use to obtain our report and mortgage valuation .

‘ In choosing this option , you authorise the society to request an appropriate surveyor to undertake a report and valuation as described in the guidance notes for mortgage applicants and you are satisfied and understand the conditions of engagement .
‘ in choosing this option , you authorise the society to [ask for] an appropriate surveyor to undertake a report and valuation as described in the guidance notes for mortgage applicants and you are satisfied and understand the conditions of engagement .

‘ I/we request the society to arrange for a structural survey and , if appropriate , a mortgage valuation report to be prepared and confirm that I/we have read and that I/we understand and accept the conditions of engagement .
‘ i/we [ask for] the society to arrange for a structural survey and , if appropriate , a mortgage valuation report to be prepared and confirm that i/we have read and that i/we understand and accept the conditions of engagement .

Crime — Jury — Retirement to consider verdict — Jury 's request for assistance on matter relating to evidence — Judge 's duty to provide assistance
crime — jury — retirement to consider verdict — jury 's [ask for] for assistance on matter relating to evidence — judge 's duty to provide assistance

‘ Before any enactment existed with regard to actions by solicitors for their costs , a solicitor stood in the same position as any other person who has done work for another at his request , and could sue as soon as the work which he was retained to do was finished , without having delivered any signed bill of costs or waiting for any time after the delivery of such a bill .
‘ before any enactment existed with regard to actions by solicitors for their costs , a solicitor stood in the same position as any other person who has done work for another at his [ask for] , and could sue as soon as the work which he was retained to do was finished , without having delivered any signed bill of costs or waiting for any time after the delivery of such a bill .

‘ On considering a request for leave filed under paragraph ( 1 ) , the court shall — ( a ) grant the request , whereupon the proper officer shall inform the person making the request of the decision , or ( b ) direct that a date be fixed for the hearing of the request , whereupon the proper officer shall fix such a date and give such notice as the court directs to the person making the request and to such other persons as the court requires to be notified , of the date so fixed .
‘ on considering a [ask for] for leave filed under paragraph ( 1 ) , the court shall — ( a ) grant the [ask for] , whereupon the proper officer shall inform the person making the [ask for] of the decision , or ( b ) direct that a date be fixed for the hearing of the [ask for] , whereupon the proper officer shall fix such a date and give such notice as the court directs to the person making the [ask for] and to such other persons as the court requires to be notified , of the date so fixed .

The local authority was considering that request when it had to move the children and decided to place them with foster parents .
the local authority was considering that [ask for] when it had to move the children and decided to place them with foster parents .

‘ ( 5 ) Before the court makes an order or refuses an application or request , the justices ' clerk shall record in writing — ( a ) the names of the justice or justices constituting the court by which the decision is made , and ( b ) in consultation with the justice or justices , the reasons for the court 's decision and any findings of fact .
‘ ( 5 ) before the court makes an order or refuses an application or [ask for] , the justices ' clerk shall record in writing — ( a ) the names of the justice or justices constituting the court by which the decision is made , and ( b ) in consultation with the justice or justices , the reasons for the court 's decision and any findings of fact .

He gave , as a further reason , that had no request been made for a receipt , fingerprints could easily have been obtained in other ways , e.g .
he gave , as a further reason , that had no [ask for] been made for a receipt , fingerprints could easily have been obtained in other ways , e.g .

Evidence — Foreign tribunal , for — Examination of witness — Letters rogatory — Request for examination of former Crown servant — Evidence sought in respect of information acquired during employment as Crown servant — Whether jurisdiction to order examination — Evidence ( Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions ) Act 1975 ( c. 34 ) , s. 9(4)
evidence — foreign tribunal , for — examination of witness — letters rogatory — [ask for] for examination of former crown servant — evidence sought in respect of information acquired during employment as crown servant — whether jurisdiction to order examination — evidence ( proceedings in other jurisdictions ) act 1975 ( c. 34 ) , s. 9(4)

By a formal letter of request for international judicial assistance pursuant to the Hague Convention on the Taking of Evidence Abroad in Civil or Commercial Matters ( 1970 ) ( Cmnd. 6727 ) made by Chief Judge Platt in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York and dated 24 January 1992 , examination was sought of Dr. Thomas Hayes , formerly senior forensic scientist at the Forensic Explosives Laboratory of the Royal Armament Research Establishment , for use as evidence at the trial of actions brought by personal representatives and families of those killed in December 1988 in the air crash at Lockerbie against the defendants to those actions , Pan American Airways Inc. , Pan Am World Services Inc. and Alert Management Systems Inc .
by a formal letter of [ask for] for international judicial assistance pursuant to the hague convention on the taking of evidence abroad in civil or commercial matters ( 1970 ) ( cmnd. 6727 ) made by chief judge platt in the united states district court for the eastern district of new york and dated 24 january 1992 , examination was sought of dr. thomas hayes , formerly senior forensic scientist at the forensic explosives laboratory of the royal armament research establishment , for use as evidence at the trial of actions brought by personal representatives and families of those killed in december 1988 in the air crash at lockerbie against the defendants to those actions , pan american airways inc. , pan am world services inc. and alert management systems inc .

‘ In the execution of a letter of request the person concerned may refuse to give evidence in so far as he has a privilege or duty to refuse to give the evidence — ( a ) under the law of the state of execution ; or ( b ) under the law of the state of origin …
‘ in the execution of a letter of [ask for] the person concerned may refuse to give evidence in so far as he has a privilege or duty to refuse to give the evidence — ( a ) under the law of the state of execution ; or ( b ) under the law of the state of origin …

This is the basis of section 3 of the Act which , of course , only applies after an order has been made by the court for the taking of evidence . Article 12 provides separately for the circumstances in which the execution of a letter of request may be refused , namely ,
this is the basis of section 3 of the act which , of course , only applies after an order has been made by the court for the taking of evidence . article 12 provides separately for the circumstances in which the execution of a letter of [ask for] may be refused , namely ,

Mr. Pannick submits that the only justification for section 9 ( 4 ) in terms of the Convention is that it is addressed to avoiding prejudice to the sovereignty of the Crown since the states party to the Convention can never have contemplated that one of their number could limit the scope of its own obligations simply by refraining from giving the judiciary power to execute letters of request in particular circumstances .
mr. pannick submits that the only justification for section 9 ( 4 ) in terms of the convention is that it is addressed to avoiding prejudice to the sovereignty of the crown since the states party to the convention can never have contemplated that one of their number could limit the scope of its own obligations simply by refraining from giving the judiciary power to execute letters of [ask for] in particular circumstances .

( 1 ) The English court 's power to comply with letters of request from a foreign court is to be found in the Act of 1975 and nowhere else .
( 1 ) the english court 's power to comply with letters of [ask for] from a foreign court is to be found in the act of 1975 and nowhere else .

The petition must contain a statement that the petitioner , that is , the debtor , is unable to pay his debts and a request that a bankruptcy order be made against him ( r 6.39 ( 1 ) ) .
the petition must contain a statement that the petitioner , that is , the debtor , is unable to pay his debts and a [ask for] that a bankruptcy order be made against him ( r 6.39 ( 1 ) ) .

If the petition contains a request for the appointment as trustee of the former supervisor of a voluntary arrangement , a report must be filed at court ( not less than two days before the hearing ) stated that his intention to seek appointment was notified to creditors and what response was received ( r 6.10(5) ) .
if the petition contains a [ask for] for the appointment as trustee of the former supervisor of a voluntary arrangement , a report must be filed at court ( not less than two days before the hearing ) stated that his intention to seek appointment was notified to creditors and what response was received ( r 6.10(5) ) .

Where the official receiver receives a request for a meeting of creditors to be held in a case where he had decided not to summon such a meeting , he must withdraw any notices given by him that he did not intend to summon such a meeting and fix a date and venue for the meeting not more than three months from the date of the request and proceed as if he had decided to summon a meeting .
where the official receiver receives a [ask for] for a meeting of creditors to be held in a case where he had decided not to summon such a meeting , he must withdraw any notices given by him that he did not intend to summon such a meeting and fix a date and venue for the meeting not more than three months from the date of the [ask for] and proceed as if he had decided to summon a meeting .

The form of request for such a meeting is to be found in Schedule 4 to the rules as Form 6.34 .
the form of [ask for] for such a meeting is to be found in schedule 4 to the rules as form 6.34 .

If a request is made for a meeting to be summoned and the request is supported by at least 25 per cent , in value , of the creditors , the official receiver must summon a meeting ( s 294 ) .
if a [ask for] is made for a meeting to be summoned and the [ask for] is supported by at least 25 per cent , in value , of the creditors , the official receiver must summon a meeting ( s 294 ) .

If one quarter , in value , of the creditors request him to convene a meeting to appoint a new trustee , he must do so ( s 300 ( 3 ) ) .
if one quarter , in value , of the creditors [ask for] him to convene a meeting to appoint a new trustee , he must do so ( s 300 ( 3 ) ) .

The trustee need not comply with any request for information where it appears to him that the request is frivolous or unreasonable or the cost of complying would be excessive or there are not sufficient assets to meet the cost of complying ( r 6.152 ( 2 ) ) .
the trustee need not comply with any [ask for] for information where it appears to him that the [ask for] is frivolous or unreasonable or the cost of complying would be excessive or there are not sufficient assets to meet the cost of complying ( r 6.152 ( 2 ) ) .

The first meeting of the committee must take place within three months of its establishment and thereafter within twenty-one days of a request for a meeting by a member of the committee or on the date previously resolved by the committee for a further meeting ( r 6.153 ( 2 ) ) .
the first meeting of the committee must take place within three months of its establishment and thereafter within twenty-one days of a [ask for] for a meeting by a member of the committee or on the date previously resolved by the committee for a further meeting ( r 6.153 ( 2 ) ) .

In the absence of such a request , the resolution is deemed to have been passed if and when the trustee is notified in writing by a majority of the members that they concur ( r 6.162 ( 4 ) ) .
in the absence of such a [ask for] , the resolution is deemed to have been passed if and when the trustee is notified in writing by a majority of the members that they concur ( r 6.162 ( 4 ) ) .

The club works closely with the immigration department who will send an officer to the club at their request .
the club works closely with the immigration department who will send an officer to the club at their [ask for] .

One man who came to Aswan at the Queens request , was a youthful-looking Frenchman with a shock of curly hair and a slightly puzzled expression behind his glasses .
one man who came to aswan at the queens [ask for] , was a youthful-looking frenchman with a shock of curly hair and a slightly puzzled expression behind his glasses .

This request led to agonized debate within the Israeli Foreign Ministry .
this [ask for] led to agonized debate within the israeli foreign ministry .

In October 1978 , the Iraqis expelled Khomeini form Najaf at Irans request .
in october 1978 , the iraqis expelled khomeini form najaf at irans [ask for] .

When Ardeshir Zahedi inquired , it was made clear to him , indirectly , that it might be wiser to postpone a formal request .
when ardeshir zahedi inquired , it was made clear to him , indirectly , that it might be wiser to postpone a formal [ask for] .

It appeared that the he was anxious to make amends for President Pompidou 's lese-mjaests `` in refusing to attend the Persepolis party , and also to request special help for France . ``
it appeared that the he was anxious to make amends for president pompidou 's lese-mjaests `` in refusing to attend the persepolis party , and also to [ask for] special help for france . ``

Braille medicine labels can also be supplied on request .
braille medicine labels can also be supplied on [ask for] .

Julie , probably the least vain actress in the world , agreed to every potentially humiliating request and even added an extra three stone to her 12-stone frame .
julie , probably the least vain actress in the world , agreed to every potentially humiliating [ask for] and even added an extra three stone to her 12-stone frame .

( 2 ) Reasons for decisions referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above ma be required to be given by the board in writing on a request being ma e to the clerk of the board , not more than 48 hours after the decision is made , by the applicant or , as the case may be , by the holder of the licence , or by any objector , or by any complainer who appeared at the hearing .
( 2 ) reasons for decisions referred to in subsection ( 1 ) above ma be required to be given by the board in writing on a [ask for] being ma e to the clerk of the board , not more than 48 hours after the decision is made , by the applicant or , as the case may be , by the holder of the licence , or by any objector , or by any complainer who appeared at the hearing .

( 3 ) Where a licensing board gives reasons in writing at the request of a party to the hearing , the board shall give copies of those reasons to all other parties to the hearing .
( 3 ) where a licensing board gives reasons in writing at the [ask for] of a party to the hearing , the board shall give copies of those reasons to all other parties to the hearing .

( 1 ) a board can only be required to give reasons in connection with the types of decision specified in s.5 ( 2 ) where the request for a decision is made in accordance with subs .
( 1 ) a board can only be required to give reasons in connection with the types of decision specified in s.5 ( 2 ) where the [ask for] for a decision is made in accordance with subs .

In the case of a request by a person other than an individual natural person that the licensing board shall declare the provisional grant of a licence final , that person shall include in the notice in subsection ( 5 ) above the name of the employee or agent whom it is intended should have the day to day running of the premises , and the board shall not declare the provisional grant final if it finds that the employee or agent so named in the notice is not a fit and proper person to be the holder of a licence .
in the case of a [ask for] by a person other than an individual natural person that the licensing board shall declare the provisional grant of a licence final , that person shall include in the notice in subsection ( 5 ) above the name of the employee or agent whom it is intended should have the day to day running of the premises , and the board shall not declare the provisional grant final if it finds that the employee or agent so named in the notice is not a fit and proper person to be the holder of a licence .

( 2 ) 5.18 ( 2 ) confers the right on an applicant , licence-holder , objector or complainer who appeared at the hearing to request that the board give their reasons for their decision in writing .
( 2 ) 5.18 ( 2 ) confers the right on an applicant , licence-holder , objector or complainer who appeared at the hearing to [ask for] that the board give their reasons for their decision in writing .

Where a licensing board : ( a ) refuses to grant , renew or transfer a licence under this Part of this Act , or ( b ) on an application for the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act , specifies , as types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , types other than those in respect of which the application for the licence was made , or ( c ) on an application for renewal of a licence under this Part of this Act , does not comply with any request duly made by the applicant for a change in the specification of the types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , or ( d ) requires modifications in the rules proposed to be made as to the persons entitled to use the canteen , or withholds its consent to a variation of those rules , or ( e ) makes an order under section 42(4) of this Act , the applicant or , as the case may be , the licence-holder may appeal to the sheriff from such a decision of the licensing board .
where a licensing board : ( a ) refuses to grant , renew or transfer a licence under this part of this act , or ( b ) on an application for the grant of a licence under this part of this act , specifies , as types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , types other than those in respect of which the application for the licence was made , or ( c ) on an application for renewal of a licence under this part of this act , does not comply with any [ask for] duly made by the applicant for a change in the specification of the types of liquor which may be sold under the licence , or ( d ) requires modifications in the rules proposed to be made as to the persons entitled to use the canteen , or withholds its consent to a variation of those rules , or ( e ) makes an order under section 42(4) of this act , the applicant or , as the case may be , the licence-holder may appeal to the sheriff from such a decision of the licensing board .

When in Colossians 1:9ff Paul prays for Christians he has never met , his first request is that the Spirit would give them understanding of the Lord 's will for their lives ; then , that they should live their lives in accordance with that will by pleasing the Lord in everything ; then , that they should increase in their knowledge of God ; and finally , that they should be strengthened with all might according to the measure of his glorious power which should result for them as it did for Christ , not in arrogance but in patience and longsuffering .
when in colossians 1:9ff paul prays for christians he has never met , his first [ask for] is that the spirit would give them understanding of the lord 's will for their lives ; then , that they should live their lives in accordance with that will by pleasing the lord in everything ; then , that they should increase in their knowledge of god ; and finally , that they should be strengthened with all might according to the measure of his glorious power which should result for them as it did for christ , not in arrogance but in patience and longsuffering .

The request has been granted .
the [ask for] has been granted .

Probably because there might have been an echo of the headmaster in so public a request .
probably because there might have been an echo of the headmaster in so public a [ask for] .

Not only , therefore , was William party to the decision to request continuation of the supervision order , but he now looks back and agrees it was the right decision .
not only , therefore , was william party to the decision to [ask for] continuation of the supervision order , but he now looks back and agrees it was the right decision .

All items had to be packed so that they weighed less than twenty-two pounds and sometimes there were so many parcels filling the room that it was impossible for other customers to pass through the door ; the postmaster would then telephone the Newtown depot to request a special van to come and collect them .
all items had to be packed so that they weighed less than twenty-two pounds and sometimes there were so many parcels filling the room that it was impossible for other customers to pass through the door ; the postmaster would then telephone the newtown depot to [ask for] a special van to come and collect them .

One , she felt , was taking advantage of Bernard and her by knowing about the business — he had requested some shares in the company , which she considered an outrageous request ; another had called her by her Christian name which was equally unacceptable .
one , she felt , was taking advantage of bernard and her by knowing about the business — he had requested some shares in the company , which she considered an outrageous [ask for] ; another had called her by her christian name which was equally unacceptable .

She 'd come out here to Malta at the man 's request , knowing his connection with her mother 's new craze for danger , to do a job , to try to live up to her reputation as a lively , capable , sophisticated fixer of publicity .
she 'd come out here to malta at the man 's [ask for] , knowing his connection with her mother 's new craze for danger , to do a job , to try to live up to her reputation as a lively , capable , sophisticated fixer of publicity .

‘ Can we go , please ? ’ It was a tight little request .
‘ can we go , please ? ’ it was a tight little [ask for] .

Stephanie had gone , after a cool request from Roman to bring coffee .
stephanie had gone , after a cool [ask for] from roman to bring coffee .

When she turned , there was no one , but she hurried on , though she no longer knew what she should do , what she should tell her sister , if she should report this request for an assignation somewhere more secret than a church , more private than a byre .
when she turned , there was no one , but she hurried on , though she no longer knew what she should do , what she should tell her sister , if she should report this [ask for] for an assignation somewhere more secret than a church , more private than a byre .

The request to value Newley 's collection intrigued him .
the [ask for] to value newley 's collection intrigued him .

Le Fauconnier , Léger , Delaunay , Metzinger and Gleizes chose for themselves Salle 41 and accepted a few other painters to be shown with them , among them , at the request of Apollinaire , Marie Laurencin .
le fauconnier , léger , delaunay , metzinger and gleizes chose for themselves salle 41 and accepted a few other painters to be shown with them , among them , at the [ask for] of apollinaire , marie laurencin .

An absolutely ridiculous request .
an absolutely ridiculous [ask for] .

She put her request prettily , asking for peace and quiet to study in , more space for books and plants .
she put her [ask for] prettily , asking for peace and quiet to study in , more space for books and plants .

‘ It was n't , ’ said Floy , in the privacy of their bed-chamber , ‘ a request . ’
‘ it was n't , ’ said floy , in the privacy of their bed-chamber , ‘ a [ask for] . ’

But he thought it a reasonable request to ask for a route and he took himself away to Tara 's great map room to procure maps for them .
but he thought it a reasonable [ask for] to ask for a route and he took himself away to tara 's great map room to procure maps for them .

And it is true that no one ever expected him to walk openly and directly up to Tara and request admittance at the Western Gate .
and it is true that no one ever expected him to walk openly and directly up to tara and [ask for] admittance at the western gate .

She turned and held the door open . ‘ Is that an order or a request , sir ? ’
she turned and held the door open . ‘ is that an order or a [ask for] , sir ? ’

‘ It was n't my request , sir .
‘ it was n't my [ask for] , sir .

At Miles 's request , the two women had taken Alex Bannen and his son back to his quarters .
at miles 's [ask for] , the two women had taken alex bannen and his son back to his quarters .

Khrushchev initially claimed ( in a report to the Supreme Soviet on 12 December 1962 ) that by installing the missiles in Cuba he acted in response to a Cuban request ; this has been contradicted not only by statements from Castro , but also by Khrushchev himself .
khrushchev initially claimed ( in a report to the supreme soviet on 12 december 1962 ) that by installing the missiles in cuba he acted in response to a cuban [ask for] ; this has been contradicted not only by statements from castro , but also by khrushchev himself .

How can he assign any motive but an honourable one to such a request ?
how can he assign any motive but an honourable one to such a [ask for] ?

He waited for Siban to find a way to phrase the request which was so obviously his intent , but instead Siban rose to his feet and stalked away towards the door , his departure so abrupt that Alexei was taken by surprise .
he waited for siban to find a way to phrase the [ask for] which was so obviously his intent , but instead siban rose to his feet and stalked away towards the door , his departure so abrupt that alexei was taken by surprise .

Parin stirred as if he did not understand the request .
parin stirred as if he did not understand the [ask for] .

‘ My second request is that you come here next week-end .
‘ my second [ask for] is that you come here next week-end .

He made some remark about being surprised to receive Blanche 's request so long after the murder and not being sure what she hoped to gain from viewing the tapes .
he made some remark about being surprised to receive blanche 's [ask for] so long after the murder and not being sure what she hoped to gain from viewing the tapes .

Below : Enclosed inside an attractive walled garden , this Buckingham pool blends perfectly with its surroundings . Prices on request
below : enclosed inside an attractive walled garden , this buckingham pool blends perfectly with its surroundings . prices on [ask for]

Prices on request
prices on [ask for]

Prices on request
prices on [ask for]

Prices on request
prices on [ask for]

Prices on request
prices on [ask for]

Above : The great thing about this indoor pool by Cascade is that during the warm summer months the doors slide open to give you the best of both worlds . Prices on request
above : the great thing about this indoor pool by cascade is that during the warm summer months the doors slide open to give you the best of both worlds . prices on [ask for]

Below : Set in a large , sloping garden amid mature trees , this elegant design by Cascade makes the most of its south-facing position . Prices on request
below : set in a large , sloping garden amid mature trees , this elegant design by cascade makes the most of its south-facing position . prices on [ask for]

3/The roughs were sent with tracing paper overlays annotated with queries and a request for answers to be written alongside .
3/the roughs were sent with tracing paper overlays annotated with queries and a [ask for] for answers to be written alongside .

screening for older women ( over 64 years old ) will be provided on request every three years .
screening for older women ( over 64 years old ) will be provided on [ask for] every three years .

They arrange crews , sailing one per three beginners for the first week ; for the second week they coach on request .
they arrange crews , sailing one per three beginners for the first week ; for the second week they coach on [ask for] .

Coaching is available to anyone on request during their second week .
coaching is available to anyone on [ask for] during their second week .

Some cots are available in Nidri and Vassiliki for about £10 per week payable locally ; we can request these , but ca n't guarantee availability .
some cots are available in nidri and vassiliki for about £10 per week payable locally ; we can [ask for] these , but ca n't guarantee availability .

Our responsibility is to provide you with the holiday we confirm , and this may not include special facilities which you request but which we can not guarantee .
our responsibility is to provide you with the holiday we confirm , and this may not include special facilities which you [ask for] but which we can not guarantee .

If you believe you may be entitled to special relief and have not completed a form please request one as soon as possible so that your entitlement may be assessed .
if you believe you may be entitled to special relief and have not completed a form please [ask for] one as soon as possible so that your entitlement may be assessed .

If you have not applied but think you may be entitled to rebate , please request a form from the Finance Department .
if you have not applied but think you may be entitled to rebate , please [ask for] a form from the finance department .

Of course , the payee can request some form of security in return , but the usual choice in this situation appears to be between probably dishonour now , and possible dishonour later .
of course , the payee can [ask for] some form of security in return , but the usual choice in this situation appears to be between probably dishonour now , and possible dishonour later .

Designed in a substantial , out-of- doors style the dial can be dressed up with diamonds at your request .
designed in a substantial , out-of- doors style the dial can be dressed up with diamonds at your [ask for] .

Herluin was there at Tutilo 's own request , since there was ultimately no help for it , and Prior Robert was not to be left out where Herluin was admitted .
herluin was there at tutilo 's own [ask for] , since there was ultimately no help for it , and prior robert was not to be left out where herluin was admitted .

In 737 Ceolwulf abdicated and was tonsured , apparently this time at his own request , to become a monk on Lindisfarne .
in 737 ceolwulf abdicated and was tonsured , apparently this time at his own [ask for] , to become a monk on lindisfarne .

The county council committee refused to comply with the request to remove Outram , pronouncing themselves well-pleased with their head-teacher .
the county council committee refused to comply with the [ask for] to remove outram , pronouncing themselves well-pleased with their head-teacher .

They confirmed that the army 's request had been approved by the head of department but no , he was n't available to explain .
they confirmed that the army 's [ask for] had been approved by the head of department but no , he was n't available to explain .

Carson had only just put the phone down after trying to get Alison 's number from Enquiries , but as he 'd waited for his call to be taken he 'd thought of her , perhaps contemptuous of his anxiety and annoyed by his persistence , and he 'd hung up without even making his request .
carson had only just put the phone down after trying to get alison 's number from enquiries , but as he 'd waited for his call to be taken he 'd thought of her , perhaps contemptuous of his anxiety and annoyed by his persistence , and he 'd hung up without even making his [ask for] .

When he had begged enough , when there was nothing else to repeat , Frick had appeared to surrender to Schiller 's request .
when he had begged enough , when there was nothing else to repeat , frick had appeared to surrender to schiller 's [ask for] .

The older man , himself an outsider in the new world , had already joined the National Socialists at the request of Peter Frick .
the older man , himself an outsider in the new world , had already joined the national socialists at the [ask for] of peter frick .

Mr and Mrs Maurice Abberley request the pleasure of your company at a party in celebration of their daughter 's twentieth birthday , to be held at Swans ' Meadow , Riversdale , Bourne End , Buckinghamshire at three o'clock on the afternoon of Saturday 5th September .
mr and mrs maurice abberley [ask for] the pleasure of your company at a party in celebration of their daughter 's twentieth birthday , to be held at swans ' meadow , riversdale , bourne end , buckinghamshire at three o'clock on the afternoon of saturday 5th september .

The only exception to this rule was Uncle Jack , who clearly had his sights set on several more whiskies when Charlotte insisted , at Ursula 's request , on driving him to the station and seeing him aboard the London train .
the only exception to this rule was uncle jack , who clearly had his sights set on several more whiskies when charlotte insisted , at ursula 's [ask for] , on driving him to the station and seeing him aboard the london train .

Within limits this seems a not unreasonable request .
within limits this seems a not unreasonable [ask for] .

One story now in the mythology of the prison service concerns a governor who granted an interview to a prisoner but rather summarily refused his request .
one story now in the mythology of the prison service concerns a governor who granted an interview to a prisoner but rather summarily refused his [ask for] .

In seven months , he could get the Hopewell back to Virginia , and thence to London , with a request for more men and supplies to plant this colony .
in seven months , he could get the hopewell back to virginia , and thence to london , with a [ask for] for more men and supplies to plant this colony .

The voice , so accustomed to obedience , continued in courtesy , but its ring of conviction was sharpening , and Miranda sensed that Anthony Everard had reached the point when , if he could not phrase a command as a request , he would assert his authority undisguised .
the voice , so accustomed to obedience , continued in courtesy , but its ring of conviction was sharpening , and miranda sensed that anthony everard had reached the point when , if he could not phrase a command as a [ask for] , he would assert his authority undisguised .

Fingerprint actually request that you supply a copy of your System , screen fonts and Aldus Prep to try to reduce the difficulties .
fingerprint actually [ask for] that you supply a copy of your system , screen fonts and aldus prep to try to reduce the difficulties .

programs which allow the user to request functions by choosing from a list of options .
programs which allow the user to [ask for] functions by choosing from a list of options .

He worked at Writtle , near Chelmsford , where he was the leader of an able , if unconventional , team that provided regular transmissions of programmes for radio amateurs at the request of the Radio Society of Great Britain .
he worked at writtle , near chelmsford , where he was the leader of an able , if unconventional , team that provided regular transmissions of programmes for radio amateurs at the [ask for] of the radio society of great britain .

He himself was able to bequeath only plate and household goods , and to request in his will to be buried under a ‘ plain black stone ’ with a simple inscription recording his Christian belief .
he himself was able to bequeath only plate and household goods , and to [ask for] in his will to be buried under a ‘ plain black stone ’ with a simple inscription recording his christian belief .

He died suddenly 5 October 1918 at Half Moon Street , London , but even then his delicate sense of humour did not desert him : he left instructions in his will that he was to be cremated — a most unusual request for a Roman Catholic — and his ashes taken to Père Lachaise cemetery in Paris and placed within Oscar Wilde 's tomb .
he died suddenly 5 october 1918 at half moon street , london , but even then his delicate sense of humour did not desert him : he left instructions in his will that he was to be cremated — a most unusual [ask for] for a roman catholic — and his ashes taken to père lachaise cemetery in paris and placed within oscar wilde 's tomb .

He left Wricklemarsh and its collections to his great-nephew , Sir Gregory Turner , baronet , of Ambrosden in Oxfordshire , who took the name and arms of Page in compliance with his great-uncle 's request .
he left wricklemarsh and its collections to his great-nephew , sir gregory turner , baronet , of ambrosden in oxfordshire , who took the name and arms of page in compliance with his great-uncle 's [ask for] .

He was reinstated as licenser on 30 September 1647 at the express request of the commander-in-chief of the parliamentary army , Sir Thomas Fairfax ( later second Baron Fairfax of Cameron , q.v . )
he was reinstated as licenser on 30 september 1647 at the express [ask for] of the commander-in-chief of the parliamentary army , sir thomas fairfax ( later second baron fairfax of cameron , q.v . )

Having secured the deanship of Wells in 1379 by royal request and the prestigious archdeaconry of Canterbury in 1380/1 , Fordham secured election on 30 May 1381 to the mighty see of Durham .
having secured the deanship of wells in 1379 by royal [ask for] and the prestigious archdeaconry of canterbury in 1380/1 , fordham secured election on 30 may 1381 to the mighty see of durham .

Already though , on 3 April , he had been translated by the pope ( at the opposition 's request ) to Ely , as part of an unprecedented political reshuffle of the episcopate .
already though , on 3 april , he had been translated by the pope ( at the opposition 's [ask for] ) to ely , as part of an unprecedented political reshuffle of the episcopate .

supported the government in February 1673 in its request for £1.2 million in order to carry on the war with the Dutch .
supported the government in february 1673 in its [ask for] for £1.2 million in order to carry on the war with the dutch .

Then , in 1237 , at the request of a Parliament which conceded the king taxation , he was added to the king 's council along with the earl of Surrey and William de Ferrers .
then , in 1237 , at the [ask for] of a parliament which conceded the king taxation , he was added to the king 's council along with the earl of surrey and william de ferrers .

At her request as a Roman Catholic she was moved to Hope House , Cambridge .
at her [ask for] as a roman catholic she was moved to hope house , cambridge .

In 1953 he was placed at his own request on the Academy 's retired list .
in 1953 he was placed at his own [ask for] on the academy 's retired list .

In 1887 he was allowed to resign at his own request .
in 1887 he was allowed to resign at his own [ask for] .

For the safety of transport from China the request of protection by the British navy was not thought inappropriate .
for the safety of transport from china the [ask for] of protection by the british navy was not thought inappropriate .

When Sidney died in 1595 , Margaret agreed to Huntingdon 's deathbed request that she marry another suitor of 1591 , Sir Thomas Posthumous Hoby , second son of Sir Thomas Hoby [ q.v . ]
when sidney died in 1595 , margaret agreed to huntingdon 's deathbed [ask for] that she marry another suitor of 1591 , sir thomas posthumous hoby , second son of sir thomas hoby [ q.v . ]

References to Sir Thomas Hoby are , perhaps deceptively , formal , though Margaret was strong-minded enough to resist until 1632 his request that she make over her Hackness and other properties to him and his heirs .
references to sir thomas hoby are , perhaps deceptively , formal , though margaret was strong-minded enough to resist until 1632 his [ask for] that she make over her hackness and other properties to him and his heirs .

, and he countermanded on his own authority a Treasury request for the transfer of gold from Canada .
, and he countermanded on his own authority a treasury [ask for] for the transfer of gold from canada .

They were sufficiently impressed by his abilities to request in 1829 that he be relieved of his military duties and appointed president of the council of government on the Gold Coast .
they were sufficiently impressed by his abilities to [ask for] in 1829 that he be relieved of his military duties and appointed president of the council of government on the gold coast .

Effectively he was immersed in Albanian politics , although in February 1921 , at the request of Sir Basil Thomson [ q.v . ]
effectively he was immersed in albanian politics , although in february 1921 , at the [ask for] of sir basil thomson [ q.v . ]

Failure to comply with that request would amount to an offence under section 14 ( 4 ) .
failure to comply with that [ask for] would amount to an offence under section 14 ( 4 ) .

This may be by way of ‘ proposal , request exhortation , gesture , argument , persuasion , inducement , goading or the arousal of cupidity .
this may be by way of ‘ proposal , [ask for] exhortation , gesture , argument , persuasion , inducement , goading or the arousal of cupidity .

’ He said it in English , slowly , as though enjoying the sound of the words , and he added with a secret little smile , ‘ That happened just before he was recalled at the request of Lami Dozo himself .
’ he said it in english , slowly , as though enjoying the sound of the words , and he added with a secret little smile , ‘ that happened just before he was recalled at the [ask for] of lami dozo himself .

There seemed nothing else to be said , and Melissa went out of the room and upstairs to the secretary 's office , where , in response to her request to use the phone , Marie-Claire grudgingly pushed the instrument across her desk .
there seemed nothing else to be said , and melissa went out of the room and upstairs to the secretary 's office , where , in response to her [ask for] to use the phone , marie-claire grudgingly pushed the instrument across her desk .

He looked surprised at her request for a word in private , but readily agreed and led her across the hotel reception hall , out through a door at the rear of the building and into the garden .
he looked surprised at her [ask for] for a word in private , but readily agreed and led her across the hotel reception hall , out through a door at the rear of the building and into the garden .

You bring a request from Dora not to deprive her of — what is the English expression — her meal ticket ?
you bring a [ask for] from dora not to deprive her of — what is the english expression — her meal ticket ?

Soon after this statement , in November 1979 , Taraki 's successor Hafizullah Amin reportedly rebuffed a Soviet request to establish an air base at Shindand near the Iranian border .
soon after this statement , in november 1979 , taraki 's successor hafizullah amin reportedly rebuffed a soviet [ask for] to establish an air base at shindand near the iranian border .

a request for comment from the class can be written up by the course tutor three weeks later .
a [ask for] for comment from the class can be written up by the course tutor three weeks later .

Having registered his/her programme a student may request , at almost any point , a freshly printed record ( normally available within 24 hours ) .
having registered his/her programme a student may [ask for] , at almost any point , a freshly printed record ( normally available within 24 hours ) .

Any office , individual or organization can request special reports from the Registry who will either prepare the reports themselves or will seek the assistance of computer centre staff .
any office , individual or organization can [ask for] special reports from the registry who will either prepare the reports themselves or will seek the assistance of computer centre staff .

Quite apart from the communication of information of all kinds which is the function of radio , television and the press , more and more time is being devoted to the provision of general and specific advice , usually at the request of individuals .
quite apart from the communication of information of all kinds which is the function of radio , television and the press , more and more time is being devoted to the provision of general and specific advice , usually at the [ask for] of individuals .

’ If the client is dissatisfied , the right to request certification by the Law Society may be pursued .
’ if the client is dissatisfied , the right to [ask for] certification by the law society may be pursued .

The Area Director also has power to discharge or revoke it upon the happening of specified events including a request from the applicant so to do , or where the aid has been abused , or where the applicant is in arrears with contributions , or where the applicant 's financial position improves so that he or she is able to afford to fund legal action .
the area director also has power to discharge or revoke it upon the happening of specified events including a [ask for] from the applicant so to do , or where the aid has been abused , or where the applicant is in arrears with contributions , or where the applicant 's financial position improves so that he or she is able to afford to fund legal action .

To begin either action , the plaintiff must file at the court office a formal request to the registrar , now the district judge , to issue a summons to commence the action together with the particulars of claim .
to begin either action , the plaintiff must file at the court office a formal [ask for] to the registrar , now the district judge , to issue a summons to commence the action together with the particulars of claim .

There are different forms of the request available from the county court depending upon the nature of the action .
there are different forms of the [ask for] available from the county court depending upon the nature of the action .

Once the request and the particulars of claim have been filed and the appropriate fee paid , the district judge must enter a plaint in the court record and , for a fixed date action , fix a return day on which the pre-trial review is to take place or the action is to be heard .
once the [ask for] and the particulars of claim have been filed and the appropriate fee paid , the district judge must enter a plaint in the court record and , for a fixed date action , fix a return day on which the pre-trial review is to take place or the action is to be heard .

The defendant may request further and better particulars of the claim and the court has the power to require the plaintiff to supply them on pain of having the action dismissed .
the defendant may [ask for] further and better particulars of the claim and the court has the power to require the plaintiff to supply them on pain of having the action dismissed .

The plaintiff or defendant may , at the pre-trial review , ask for any necessary interlocutory order or any other direction or may request arbitration rather than trial .
the plaintiff or defendant may , at the pre-trial review , ask for any necessary interlocutory order or any other direction or may [ask for] arbitration rather than trial .

The changes included the introduction of the pre-trial review ( see above ) with the object , in part , of assisting the litigant in person , the encouragement of the use of arbitration rather than trial to resolve the dispute at the request of one of the parties , and the introduction of a rule that solicitor 's costs would not be awarded to the successful party where the claim was for less than £100 .
the changes included the introduction of the pre-trial review ( see above ) with the object , in part , of assisting the litigant in person , the encouragement of the use of arbitration rather than trial to resolve the dispute at the [ask for] of one of the parties , and the introduction of a rule that solicitor 's costs would not be awarded to the successful party where the claim was for less than £100 .

In October 1987 , at the agency 's request , Coleman had looked up his best man , Michael Franks , a.k.a .
in october 1987 , at the agency 's [ask for] , coleman had looked up his best man , michael franks , a.k.a .

At Holly 's request Rosie had added it to the list of diary items Rain would offer at the afternoon conference .
at holly 's [ask for] rosie had added it to the list of diary items rain would offer at the afternoon conference .

Rain spent a few minutes sympathizing with the psychic 's frustrations and then suggested that she try Maureen again , but with a specific request for a set of keys .
rain spent a few minutes sympathizing with the psychic 's frustrations and then suggested that she try maureen again , but with a specific [ask for] for a set of keys .

It had been easy to agree to Sniffy 's request from the safety of the office but it felt different to be taking the orders of a stranger from Sniffy 's brutal underworld .
it had been easy to agree to sniffy 's [ask for] from the safety of the office but it felt different to be taking the orders of a stranger from sniffy 's brutal underworld .

Wakelate did not bother to conceal his surprise at this request .
wakelate did not bother to conceal his surprise at this [ask for] .

Reluctantly , the maid consented to request an audience for Cleo with the butler , Master Jobbernole .
reluctantly , the maid consented to [ask for] an audience for cleo with the butler , master jobbernole .

It seemed as if Walterkin 's request for more information had become a subliminal trigger which Lucien could not , or did not want to , ignore .
it seemed as if walterkin 's [ask for] for more information had become a subliminal trigger which lucien could not , or did not want to , ignore .

Streicher has abandoned the softness of the other Viennese instruments , with their too delicate touch and bouncing rolling action , and on Beethoven 's advice and request has given his instruments a more resisting touch … so that the virtuoso … has more control … in the striking and releasing .
streicher has abandoned the softness of the other viennese instruments , with their too delicate touch and bouncing rolling action , and on beethoven 's advice and [ask for] has given his instruments a more resisting touch … so that the virtuoso … has more control … in the striking and releasing .

Swayne escorted him downstairs and , at his own request , Wycliffe left by way of the backyard .
swayne escorted him downstairs and , at his own [ask for] , wycliffe left by way of the backyard .

Clients will also have the right to request that information they consider to be inaccurate is corrected .
clients will also have the right to [ask for] that information they consider to be inaccurate is corrected .

Your letter does not have to have said why the Council refused your request , because this information will be given to the Appeal Committee .
your letter does not have to have said why the council refused your [ask for] , because this information will be given to the appeal committee .

Please note that the legislation requires that all of the placing request appeals for one particular school should be heard at the same meeting .
please note that the legislation requires that all of the placing [ask for] appeals for one particular school should be heard at the same meeting .

None of these people will have had any involvement in the decision to refuse your placing request .
none of these people will have had any involvement in the decision to refuse your placing [ask for] .

The person speaking for the Council , normally one of the Director of Education 's staff , will say why your request has been refused .
the person speaking for the council , normally one of the director of education 's staff , will say why your [ask for] has been refused .

If the Chairman disagrees with the Council and says that it should not have refused your request , then the Council must let your child have a place in the school your asked for .
if the chairman disagrees with the council and says that it should not have refused your [ask for] , then the council must let your child have a place in the school your asked for .

Each request for assessment will be ‘ screened ’ by an experienced member of staff and a decision made about the best type of assessment to be offered , by whom and when .
each [ask for] for assessment will be ‘ screened ’ by an experienced member of staff and a decision made about the best type of assessment to be offered , by whom and when .

8.9 It is the Regional Council 's policy , where an employee is assaulted , to report the matter to the police and to request the police to press charges .
8.9 it is the regional council 's policy , where an employee is assaulted , to report the matter to the police and to [ask for] the police to press charges .

10.4 If , after returning to work , an employee who has been the victim of an incident of violence at work requests a transfer to other duties , such a request will be treated sympathetically .
10.4 if , after returning to work , an employee who has been the victim of an incident of violence at work requests a transfer to other duties , such a [ask for] will be treated sympathetically .

Police forces regularly request that they should be regarded as a resource with advice to offer and practical assistance to make available when required in situations covered in this document .
police forces regularly [ask for] that they should be regarded as a resource with advice to offer and practical assistance to make available when required in situations covered in this document .

13.1 The Regional Council has agreed that is policy on violence to employees at work will be reviewed by the Council , or at the request of the trades unions , in the light of reported incidents and advice from reputable and qualified sources .
13.1 the regional council has agreed that is policy on violence to employees at work will be reviewed by the council , or at the [ask for] of the trades unions , in the light of reported incidents and advice from reputable and qualified sources .

Details of the costs of these additional services are available on request in the Library .
details of the costs of these additional services are available on [ask for] in the library .

Road Humps , –Sleeping Policemen– Request from Councillor Fraser re the current progress on the location of these sites .
road humps , –sleeping policemen– [ask for] from councillor fraser re the current progress on the location of these sites .

Request for attention to road subsidence at Baberton Avenue West Side near junction of Lanark Road .
[ask for] for attention to road subsidence at baberton avenue west side near junction of lanark road .

There has been a request for a disco , by both junior and senior sections and the possibility of holding one is being explored .
there has been a [ask for] for a disco , by both junior and senior sections and the possibility of holding one is being explored .

Request to hire hall for Birthday Party approved by Committee .
[ask for] to hire hall for birthday party approved by committee .

Request to rent hall for Cubs after Summer approved — cost to be negotiated .
[ask for] to rent hall for cubs after summer approved — cost to be negotiated .

Late request for the use of the hall for a Cub Disco on Friday 25 June was approved subject to availability .
late [ask for] for the use of the hall for a cub disco on friday 25 june was approved subject to availability .

Request for regular monthly visits to the hall and adequate maintenance .
[ask for] for regular monthly visits to the hall and adequate maintenance .

Request for better provision for play facilities for children and seating .
[ask for] for better provision for play facilities for children and seating .

Visits of Clerk of Works Visits will be made on a request basis .
visits of clerk of works visits will be made on a [ask for] basis .

Seats in Bloomiehall Park No response has been received to the request for seats and an improved play area .
seats in bloomiehall park no response has been received to the [ask for] for seats and an improved play area .

Request for attention to the eradication of water pooling outside the Candy Bar and half way up Baberton Avenue .
[ask for] for attention to the eradication of water pooling outside the candy bar and half way up baberton avenue .

the Welsh Office White Paper ( copies supplied on request ) ;
the welsh office white paper ( copies supplied on [ask for] ) ;

You can also obtain instant details of the balance in your account or request a new cheque book at any Royal Bank of Scotland Cashline machine .
you can also obtain instant details of the balance in your account or [ask for] a new cheque book at any royal bank of scotland cashline machine .

Abortion : belief in a woman 's right to choose ; support for abortion on request
abortion : belief in a woman 's right to choose ; support for abortion on [ask for]

Moderators may request to see these Regulations and students work submitted for reassessment .
moderators may [ask for] to see these regulations and students work submitted for reassessment .

In borderline cases moderators may request to see students ' marked assignments .
in borderline cases moderators may [ask for] to see students ' marked assignments .

Moderators may request , in borderline cases , and otherwise at their discretion to see student 's marked coursework assignments .
moderators may [ask for] , in borderline cases , and otherwise at their discretion to see student 's marked coursework assignments .

In ( 33 ) 2 we also have the inference that utterance ( iii ) counts as a repeat request .
in ( 33 ) 2 we also have the inference that utterance ( iii ) counts as a repeat [ask for] .

We have already seen that indirectly the question in utterance ( i ) must be understood as a request .
we have already seen that indirectly the question in utterance ( i ) must be understood as a [ask for] .

They should ask two academic referees to recommend them to the Principal without waiting for any request from her .
they should ask two academic referees to recommend them to the principal without waiting for any [ask for] from her .

Further details are available on request .
further details are available on [ask for] .

The professor shall also , at the close of each term , inform any society which may request him to do so , as to the regularity of attendance and the proficiency of the students belonging to such society who have been admitted into the laboratory or department under his charge .
the professor shall also , at the close of each term , inform any society which may [ask for] him to do so , as to the regularity of attendance and the proficiency of the students belonging to such society who have been admitted into the laboratory or department under his charge .

An Icelandic request for permission to take an `` interim `` commercial quota of 192 minke and 91 fin whales over the coming year was rejected .
an icelandic [ask for] for permission to take an `` interim `` commercial quota of 192 minke and 91 fin whales over the coming year was rejected .

The two largest companies , National Power and PowerGen , have appealed to Environment Secretary Michael Heseltine to overturn the decision after Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of Pollution rejected their request for secrecy .
the two largest companies , national power and powergen , have appealed to environment secretary michael heseltine to overturn the decision after her majesty 's inspectorate of pollution rejected their [ask for] for secrecy .

At the government 's request , a report was being prepared by the International Trade Commission which , had the bill been passed , may have led to it being declared illegal for blocking international trade under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
at the government 's [ask for] , a report was being prepared by the international trade commission which , had the bill been passed , may have led to it being declared illegal for blocking international trade under the general agreement on tariffs and trade

( 2 ) The London Stock Exchange may , at the request of the Panel , withdraw temporarily the facilities of the market from an offender ( for instance , a bidder which wishes to issue its own listed shares as consideration for the bid will be unable to do so if the London Stock Exchange refuses to admit them to listing ) .
( 2 ) the london stock exchange may , at the [ask for] of the panel , withdraw temporarily the facilities of the market from an offender ( for instance , a bidder which wishes to issue its own listed shares as consideration for the bid will be unable to do so if the london stock exchange refuses to admit them to listing ) .

( 9 ) The Note to Rule 26 stipulates that a copy of each document which is required to be put on display pursuant to that Rule ( see para 11.5 below ) must , on request , promptly be made available by an offeror or the target to the other party and to any competing offeror or potential offeror .
( 9 ) the note to rule 26 stipulates that a copy of each document which is required to be put on display pursuant to that rule ( see para 11.5 below ) must , on [ask for] , promptly be made available by an offeror or the target to the other party and to any competing offeror or potential offeror .

( 3 ) If a recommended offer is proposed which has not been announced , Note 2 to Rule 2.3 requires the target to request the London Stock Exchange to grant a suspension of the target 's listing before the proposed offer is disclosed to any sub-underwriters ( see para 6.3.5 below ) .
( 3 ) if a recommended offer is proposed which has not been announced , note 2 to rule 2.3 requires the target to [ask for] the london stock exchange to grant a suspension of the target 's listing before the proposed offer is disclosed to any sub-underwriters ( see para 6.3.5 below ) .

In the case of a recommended offer which will provide a cash alternative by way of underwriting the target company should , assuming no announcement has been made , request the London Stock Exchange to grant a suspension before the proposed offer is disclosed to any sub-underwriters .
in the case of a recommended offer which will provide a cash alternative by way of underwriting the target company should , assuming no announcement has been made , [ask for] the london stock exchange to grant a suspension before the proposed offer is disclosed to any sub-underwriters .

and in addition to the foregoing such other risks as the Landlord from time to time in its reasonable discretion may think fit to insure against or against which the Tenant may reasonably request the Landlord to insure
and in addition to the foregoing such other risks as the landlord from time to time in its reasonable discretion may think fit to insure against or against which the tenant may reasonably [ask for] the landlord to insure

5.8.1.3 to give to the Tenant ( or leave upon the Premises ) a notice specifying any repairs cleaning maintenance or painting that the Tenant has failed to execute in breach of the terms of this Lease and to request the Tenant immediately to execute the same including the making good of such opening-up ( if any ) provided that any such opening-up shall be made good by and at the cost of the Landlord where such opening up reveals no breaches of the terms of this Lease
5.8.1.3 to give to the tenant ( or leave upon the premises ) a notice specifying any repairs cleaning maintenance or painting that the tenant has failed to execute in breach of the terms of this lease and to [ask for] the tenant immediately to execute the same including the making good of such opening-up ( if any ) provided that any such opening-up shall be made good by and at the cost of the landlord where such opening up reveals no breaches of the terms of this lease

5.8.1.3 to give to the Tenant ( or leave upon the Premises ) a notice specifying any repairs cleaning maintenance or painting that the Tenant has failed to execute in breach of the terms of this Lease and to request the Tenant immediately to execute the same
5.8.1.3 to give to the tenant ( or leave upon the premises ) a notice specifying any repairs cleaning maintenance or painting that the tenant has failed to execute in breach of the terms of this lease and to [ask for] the tenant immediately to execute the same

5.16.2 To take all [ reasonable ] steps to prevent any new window light opening doorway path passage pipe or other encroachment or easement being made or acquired in against out of or upon the Premises and to notify the Landlord immediately if any such encroachment or easement shall be made or acquired ( or attempted to be made or acquired ) and at the request of the Landlord to adopt such means as shall [ reasonably ] be required to prevent such encroachment or the acquisition of any such easement The landlord will wish to ensure that encroachments are prevented .
5.16.2 to take all [ reasonable ] steps to prevent any new window light opening doorway path passage pipe or other encroachment or easement being made or acquired in against out of or upon the premises and to notify the landlord immediately if any such encroachment or easement shall be made or acquired ( or attempted to be made or acquired ) and at the [ask for] of the landlord to adopt such means as shall [ reasonably ] be required to prevent such encroachment or the acquisition of any such easement the landlord will wish to ensure that encroachments are prevented .

5.19 Statutory notices etc To give full particulars to the Landlord of any notice direction order or proposal for the Premises made given or issued to the Tenant by any local or public authority within [ 7 ] days of receipt and if so required by the Landlord to produce it to the Landlord and without delay to take all necessary steps to comply with the notice direction or order and at the request of the Landlord but at the cost of the Tenant to make or join with the Landlord in making such objections or representations against or in respect of any notice direction order or proposal as the Landlord shall deem expedient Seven days may be too short a period , particularly if the notice is served at the premises and not forwarded to the appropriate officer of a tenant company with any great alacrity .
5.19 statutory notices etc to give full particulars to the landlord of any notice direction order or proposal for the premises made given or issued to the tenant by any local or public authority within [ 7 ] days of receipt and if so required by the landlord to produce it to the landlord and without delay to take all necessary steps to comply with the notice direction or order and at the [ask for] of the landlord but at the cost of the tenant to make or join with the landlord in making such objections or representations against or in respect of any notice direction order or proposal as the landlord shall deem expedient seven days may be too short a period , particularly if the notice is served at the premises and not forwarded to the appropriate officer of a tenant company with any great alacrity .

and at the request and cost of the Landlord to make or join with the Landlord in making such objections or representations against or in respect of any notice direction order or proposal as the Landlord shall reasonably deem expedient except where the Tenant reasonably considers that any such objections or representations are against its best interests or those of any undertenant
and at the [ask for] and cost of the landlord to make or join with the landlord in making such objections or representations against or in respect of any notice direction order or proposal as the landlord shall reasonably deem expedient except where the tenant reasonably considers that any such objections or representations are against its best interests or those of any undertenant

This is relevant when considering the provisions of s 83 ) of the Fire Prevention ( Metropolis ) Act 1774 , by which either party has the right to require insurance monies to be laid out in reinstatement ( if a request is made to the insurance company before the monies are paid to the insured ) as it seems that the Act does not apply to insurance through Lloyds .
this is relevant when considering the provisions of s 83 ) of the fire prevention ( metropolis ) act 1774 , by which either party has the right to require insurance monies to be laid out in reinstatement ( if a [ask for] is made to the insurance company before the monies are paid to the insured ) as it seems that the act does not apply to insurance through lloyds .

9.13 Tenant 's property If after the Tenant has vacated the Premises on the expiry of the Term any property of the Tenant remains in or on the Premises and the Tenant fails to remove it within [ 7 ] days after being requested in writing by the Landlord to do so or if after using [ its ] best endeavours the Landlord is unable to make such a request to the Tenant within [ 14 ] days from the first attempt so made by the Landlord :
9.13 tenant 's property if after the tenant has vacated the premises on the expiry of the term any property of the tenant remains in or on the premises and the tenant fails to remove it within [ 7 ] days after being requested in writing by the landlord to do so or if after using [ its ] best endeavours the landlord is unable to make such a [ask for] to the tenant within [ 14 ] days from the first attempt so made by the landlord :

It is very difficult to muster a cogent argument against the landlord 's request for guarantors either on the grant of a lease or on an assignment of the lease where a corporate tenant or corporate assignee has either recently been established or is a concern of limited substance .
it is very difficult to muster a cogent argument against the landlord 's [ask for] for guarantors either on the grant of a lease or on an assignment of the lease where a corporate tenant or corporate assignee has either recently been established or is a concern of limited substance .

Details of all these should be supplied to the buyer 's conveyancer on request .
details of all these should be supplied to the buyer 's conveyancer on [ask for] .

As well as the contents of the official register ( use official form of request for certificate of search ) , search is invariably made at the same time for other information noted on the records of the local authority of which a buyer needs to be informed ( two forms here ; one for London boroughs and one for all other district councils ) .
as well as the contents of the official register ( use official form of [ask for] for certificate of search ) , search is invariably made at the same time for other information noted on the records of the local authority of which a buyer needs to be informed ( two forms here ; one for london boroughs and one for all other district councils ) .

( 3 ) Where goods are supplied in pursuance of a request in which a trade description is used and the circumstances are such as to make it reasonable to infer that the goods are supplied as goods corresponding to that trade description , the person supplying the goods shall be deemed to have applied that trade description to the goods .
( 3 ) where goods are supplied in pursuance of a [ask for] in which a trade description is used and the circumstances are such as to make it reasonable to infer that the goods are supplied as goods corresponding to that trade description , the person supplying the goods shall be deemed to have applied that trade description to the goods .

After some argument , Anderson refuses the request but , in response to Hollar 's worries about being searched on leaving the hotel , agrees to bring the document to Hollar 's apartment the following day , on the way to the football match ( scene three ) .
after some argument , anderson refuses the [ask for] but , in response to hollar 's worries about being searched on leaving the hotel , agrees to bring the document to hollar 's apartment the following day , on the way to the football match ( scene three ) .

More significant is his predicament of not wishing to agree to Hollar 's request for Anderson to smuggle his politically-charged thesis out of Czechoslovakia , but , at the same time , not wanting to jeopardise their friendship .
more significant is his predicament of not wishing to agree to hollar 's [ask for] for anderson to smuggle his politically-charged thesis out of czechoslovakia , but , at the same time , not wanting to jeopardise their friendship .

He occasionally uses his verbal felicity as a means of protecting his negative face , just as he does when he makes his ethical arguments for turning down Hollar 's request deliberately complex .
he occasionally uses his verbal felicity as a means of protecting his negative face , just as he does when he makes his ethical arguments for turning down hollar 's [ask for] deliberately complex .

Where the real issue is homelessness , a local authority social services department has the power to request the co-operation of any local housing authority ( s27 and see 9 below ) .
where the real issue is homelessness , a local authority social services department has the power to [ask for] the co-operation of any local housing authority ( s27 and see 9 below ) .

Although the primary obligation to accommodate young people under this provision falls on social services departments , they may request the assistance of other agencies including the local housing authority ( s27(1) ) .
although the primary obligation to accommodate young people under this provision falls on social services departments , they may [ask for] the assistance of other agencies including the local housing authority ( s27(1) ) .

In these circumstances s27 enables a social services department to request help from any of the following : ( a ) any local authority ; ( b ) any local education authority ; ( c ) any local housing authority ; ( d ) any health authority .
in these circumstances s27 enables a social services department to [ask for] help from any of the following : ( a ) any local authority ; ( b ) any local education authority ; ( c ) any local housing authority ; ( d ) any health authority .

An authority whose help is requested must comply with the request if it is compatible with its own duties and obligations and does not unduly prejudice the discharge of any of its own functions ( s27(2) ) .
an authority whose help is requested must comply with the [ask for] if it is compatible with its own duties and obligations and does not unduly prejudice the discharge of any of its own functions ( s27(2) ) .

If a request for transfer is refused the applicant can ask the appropriate county court care centre to review the decision and the application may be dealt with by a nominated care district judge .
if a [ask for] for transfer is refused the applicant can ask the appropriate county court care centre to review the decision and the application may be dealt with by a nominated care district judge .

The request for reconsideration must be filed within two days of receiving the certificate of refusal from the magistrates ' court and copy documents must be served on the parties within this time limit .
the [ask for] for reconsideration must be filed within two days of receiving the certificate of refusal from the magistrates ' court and copy documents must be served on the parties within this time limit .

If all parties consent , and the guardian has had an opportunity to make representations , the court may grant the request without a hearing .
if all parties consent , and the guardian has had an opportunity to make representations , the court may grant the [ask for] without a hearing .

Private law proceedings are in the main the province of the court welfare officer although there is power to request a report from a welfare officer in any proceedings under the Children Act ( s7 ) .
private law proceedings are in the main the province of the court welfare officer although there is power to [ask for] a report from a welfare officer in any proceedings under the children act ( s7 ) .

Such a request would be unusual in public law applications as it would duplicate the role of the guardian ad litem .
such a [ask for] would be unusual in public law applications as it would duplicate the role of the guardian ad litem .

This is additional to the report the guardian ad litem is obliged to prepare although it would be unusual to request a report from a court welfare officer where a guardian is already involved .
this is additional to the report the guardian ad litem is obliged to prepare although it would be unusual to [ask for] a report from a court welfare officer where a guardian is already involved .

In the family proceedings court a single justice or a clerk may request a report under s7 .
in the family proceedings court a single justice or a clerk may [ask for] a report under s7 .

If the original is in the possession of one party to the proceedings who refuses to produce it at the request of another party , a copy will be admissible .
if the original is in the possession of one party to the proceedings who refuses to produce it at the [ask for] of another party , a copy will be admissible .

But problems could arise if an exchange adopted a rule at board level but failed to publish it , or if a member joined the exchange after rules bulletins 1 – 50 had been issued , was not then supplied with those bulletins by the exchange , and such bulletins were not readily available on request .
but problems could arise if an exchange adopted a rule at board level but failed to publish it , or if a member joined the exchange after rules bulletins 1 – 50 had been issued , was not then supplied with those bulletins by the exchange , and such bulletins were not readily available on [ask for] .

If you have computerised time recording then at the conclusion of the case you will be able to request a billing guide .
if you have computerised time recording then at the conclusion of the case you will be able to [ask for] a billing guide .

The cost of your expert will depend very much on the type of expert you are instructing and the type of report that you request .
the cost of your expert will depend very much on the type of expert you are instructing and the type of report that you [ask for] .

We confirm that we have no objection to your request that our client be examined by [ ] .
we confirm that we have no objection to your [ask for] that our client be examined by [ ] .

’ She saw him stick out his lower lip , a quick glance at Marc 's expression showed her the folly of such a request .
’ she saw him stick out his lower lip , a quick glance at marc 's expression showed her the folly of such a [ask for] .

Mr Lane outside , and this one … ’ Zoe pointed at the second name ‘ … was just a request for something for an allergic rash .
mr lane outside , and this one … ’ zoe pointed at the second name ‘ … was just a [ask for] for something for an allergic rash .

At the Edinburgh Conference of the Labour Party in 1936 a request for affiliation from the Communist Party was refused .
at the edinburgh conference of the labour party in 1936 a [ask for] for affiliation from the communist party was refused .

The Labour Party conference defeated Communist affiliation at the request of the National Executive and with the approval of most union officials other than some in the Miners ' Federation and the Amalgamated Engineering Union .
the labour party conference defeated communist affiliation at the [ask for] of the national executive and with the approval of most union officials other than some in the miners ' federation and the amalgamated engineering union .

Not only did the Manchester conference reject the memorandum with only one dissenter but it went on to request : that Conferences of the Labour Party League of Youth be empowered to freely discuss and record decisions upon policy .
not only did the manchester conference reject the memorandum with only one dissenter but it went on to [ask for] : that conferences of the labour party league of youth be empowered to freely discuss and record decisions upon policy .

She might as well have addressed her request to the tablecloth .
she might as well have addressed her [ask for] to the tablecloth .

The class were able to use a new information source ; to locate and extract information from that source ; use Mailbox to send for further information ; see tangible results from their Mailbox request ; and obtained up-to-date and vivid information which would have been hard to get from another source .
the class were able to use a new information source ; to locate and extract information from that source ; use mailbox to send for further information ; see tangible results from their mailbox [ask for] ; and obtained up-to-date and vivid information which would have been hard to get from another source .

The principle of self-determination enunciated by America 's President Woodrow Wilson as the basis for the peace conference in Paris in 1918 , led to the request of senior Egyptians led by Sa'ad Zaghlul that a Wafd ( delegation ) be sent to represent Egypt , Zaghulul was of peasant background and was a charismatic figure with great appeal to the public , among whom he was popularly known as al zaim , the leader .
the principle of self-determination enunciated by america 's president woodrow wilson as the basis for the peace conference in paris in 1918 , led to the [ask for] of senior egyptians led by sa'ad zaghlul that a wafd ( delegation ) be sent to represent egypt , zaghulul was of peasant background and was a charismatic figure with great appeal to the public , among whom he was popularly known as al zaim , the leader .

As a result , when Britain refused the request for the Wafd to go to Paris a wave of nationalist demonstrations convulsed Egypt and lasted for much of 1919 .
as a result , when britain refused the [ask for] for the wafd to go to paris a wave of nationalist demonstrations convulsed egypt and lasted for much of 1919 .

If the court has ordered the husband ( or the husband has agreed ) to convey or transfer his interest in the former matrimonial home to the wife , there is no reason why he should agree , at the request of the wife , to convey or transfer it to herself and her new husband .
if the court has ordered the husband ( or the husband has agreed ) to convey or transfer his interest in the former matrimonial home to the wife , there is no reason why he should agree , at the [ask for] of the wife , to convey or transfer it to herself and her new husband .

But his request had been so casual that to refuse would have seemed as if she was making an issue .
but his [ask for] had been so casual that to refuse would have seemed as if she was making an issue .

Peter Watt had been taken to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary by ambulance on Thursday at the request of his doctor .
peter watt had been taken to edinburgh royal infirmary by ambulance on thursday at the [ask for] of his doctor .

my travel agent fixed the tickets — i guess he had some problems as we got standing tickets ( ie no seats ) … i saw a poster or something mentioning that tickets for newcastles home games vs us and scum will only be available by mail requests ( sort of a lottery i guess ) with only 2 tickets pr request .
my travel agent fixed the tickets — i guess he had some problems as we got standing tickets ( ie no seats ) … i saw a poster or something mentioning that tickets for newcastles home games vs us and scum will only be available by mail requests ( sort of a lottery i guess ) with only 2 tickets pr [ask for] .

The event might not have any obvious long-term adverse significance and may in fact have seemingly positive rather than negative features , such as the reappearance and request to renew contact with a lover with whom a person had had an intense relationship a few years earlier .
the event might not have any obvious long-term adverse significance and may in fact have seemingly positive rather than negative features , such as the reappearance and [ask for] to renew contact with a lover with whom a person had had an intense relationship a few years earlier .

In the excerpts from those reviews that Stieglitz reprinted in the catalogue of her show the following year , he had removed any references they contained to Hartley 's and Rosenfeld 's essays — obviously in response to a request from O'Keeffe to do so .
in the excerpts from those reviews that stieglitz reprinted in the catalogue of her show the following year , he had removed any references they contained to hartley 's and rosenfeld 's essays — obviously in response to a [ask for] from o'keeffe to do so .

Suggestion and request ( sometimes called ‘ moral suasion ’ ) .
suggestion and [ask for] ( sometimes called ‘ moral suasion ’ ) .

Some sole practitioners pointed out their accountants already visited twice a year at the firms ' request , but the majority complained about the cost of the proposal and queried whether or not the whole profession would be required to comply .
some sole practitioners pointed out their accountants already visited twice a year at the firms ' [ask for] , but the majority complained about the cost of the proposal and queried whether or not the whole profession would be required to comply .

the reporting accountant should have the power directly to request a firm 's balancestatement from the bank — this could be used prior to a ‘ spot check ’ ;
the reporting accountant should have the power directly to [ask for] a firm 's balancestatement from the bank — this could be used prior to a ‘ spot check ’ ;

At the request of the salon 's owner they met the girls not at the salon but in a hotel nearby .
at the [ask for] of the salon 's owner they met the girls not at the salon but in a hotel nearby .

The other powers did n't like it — they wanted Britain to get out of Egypt — but so long as the fiction could be maintained that the British were there at the express request of the Egyptian sovereign , there was not much they could do about it .
the other powers did n't like it — they wanted britain to get out of egypt — but so long as the fiction could be maintained that the british were there at the express [ask for] of the egyptian sovereign , there was not much they could do about it .

‘ Just take me back to the villa , please ? ’ she managed to request , precariously clinging to her dignity .
‘ just take me back to the villa , please ? ’ she managed to [ask for] , precariously clinging to her dignity .

Could there be an ulterior motive behind his request ?
could there be an ulterior motive behind his [ask for] ?

Maybe her request sounded foolish , but the prospect of facing Robert after everything that had happened between them was disturbing .
maybe her [ask for] sounded foolish , but the prospect of facing robert after everything that had happened between them was disturbing .

It 's a request for information .
it 's a [ask for] for information .

‘ You 're right , Shelley — except that we do n't request X-rays on Sundays unless the condition is life-threatening .
‘ you 're right , shelley — except that we do n't [ask for] x-rays on sundays unless the condition is life-threatening .

‘ You should have told me about Mrs Richards ’ heart condition — and about her request not to be moved from Monte Samana .
‘ you should have told me about mrs richards ’ heart condition — and about her [ask for] not to be moved from monte samana .

No , surely he would swear her to secrecy — if he really did agree in the end to Miguel 's request .
no , surely he would swear her to secrecy — if he really did agree in the end to miguel 's [ask for] .

Then , nine months ago , when Luce Weston senior had been killed in a motorway pile-up , she had , at her niece 's request , taken over the running of the gallery .
then , nine months ago , when luce weston senior had been killed in a motorway pile-up , she had , at her niece 's [ask for] , taken over the running of the gallery .

She was so engrossed in her thoughts that Dr Kent had to speak to her twice before she heard his request to help him move Bobbie Cole so that he could examine her .
she was so engrossed in her thoughts that dr kent had to speak to her twice before she heard his [ask for] to help him move bobbie cole so that he could examine her .

Each request had been made briefly and tersely , until Juliet began to feel quite miserable .
each [ask for] had been made briefly and tersely , until juliet began to feel quite miserable .

‘ What brought that on ? ’ Steve asked after the initial shock of Ruth 's request had been absorbed .
‘ what brought that on ? ’ steve asked after the initial shock of ruth 's [ask for] had been absorbed .

‘ You must join us for dinner , of course , ’ he suggested quietly and turned to the waiter , but before a request for a more accommodating table was spoken Maria Luisa , to everyone 's shock , gave out a sudden sob of protest and turned and fled from the restaurant .
‘ you must join us for dinner , of course , ’ he suggested quietly and turned to the waiter , but before a [ask for] for a more accommodating table was spoken maria luisa , to everyone 's shock , gave out a sudden sob of protest and turned and fled from the restaurant .

Ruth felt uncomfortable at the request — or was it a challenge , a mini challenge to bring Seville back to her ? Choose him in preference to her own work once again ?
ruth felt uncomfortable at the [ask for] — or was it a challenge , a mini challenge to bring seville back to her ? choose him in preference to her own work once again ?

His cool request bruised her very soul .
his cool [ask for] bruised her very soul .

‘ You see ? That was n't so difficult , was it ? ’ he said , and , when Caroline admitted that it had n't been , he said that in that case , would she please agree to do another private showing in mid-afternoon ? The request had just come in .
‘ you see ? that was n't so difficult , was it ? ’ he said , and , when caroline admitted that it had n't been , he said that in that case , would she please agree to do another private showing in mid-afternoon ? the [ask for] had just come in .

mail servers , like a list server but messages are received on request only ( there is a filter system e.g. by subject or never from x ! ;
mail servers , like a list server but messages are received on [ask for] only ( there is a filter system e.g. by subject or never from x ! ;

Although the same procedural steps for commencement apply to all actions , the form of the request for summons ( if appropriate ) and the summons itself differs according to the type of action .
although the same procedural steps for commencement apply to all actions , the form of the [ask for] for summons ( if appropriate ) and the summons itself differs according to the type of action .

Where the circumstances are that a plaintiff ( such as a mail order company ) wishes to bring separate proceedings in one county court against a great number of defendants , provision is made for a combined request and particulars of claims by the Lord Chancellor 's Practice Directions made on 1 March 1979 and 17 March 1987 setting out full instructions ; these are given in the notes under Ord 3 , r 3 in The County Court Practice .
where the circumstances are that a plaintiff ( such as a mail order company ) wishes to bring separate proceedings in one county court against a great number of defendants , provision is made for a combined [ask for] and particulars of claims by the lord chancellor 's practice directions made on 1 march 1979 and 17 march 1987 setting out full instructions ; these are given in the notes under ord 3 , r 3 in the county court practice .

These are : ( a ) the originating application together with as many copies as there are respondents ; and ( b ) a request for the issue of the originating application ( though see under `` Preparation of documents `` above ) .
these are : ( a ) the originating application together with as many copies as there are respondents ; and ( b ) a [ask for] for the issue of the originating application ( though see under `` preparation of documents `` above ) .

If the Crown does not consider the particulars of claim give sufficient information as to the government department and officers concerned under Ord 42 , r 4 , it may , before the time for filing a defence has expired , file with the court two copies of a request for such information , one of which is sent to the plaintiff .
if the crown does not consider the particulars of claim give sufficient information as to the government department and officers concerned under ord 42 , r 4 , it may , before the time for filing a defence has expired , file with the court two copies of a [ask for] for such information , one of which is sent to the plaintiff .

An order may be made staying an action , until a request for particulars has been completed , or , in the case of defendants , barring them from defending ( see Ord 5 , r 9 ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) ) .
an order may be made staying an action , until a [ask for] for particulars has been completed , or , in the case of defendants , barring them from defending ( see ord 5 , r 9 ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) ) .

The delivery of a request for further and better particulars is not a condition precedent to the making of an order for them , but the failure to make a prior request is a ground for refusing the order : Ord 6 , r 7 .
the delivery of a [ask for] for further and better particulars is not a condition precedent to the making of an order for them , but the failure to make a prior [ask for] is a ground for refusing the order : ord 6 , r 7 .

Particulars delivered pursuant to an order , or to a request , must incorporate the text of the order , or of the request .
particulars delivered pursuant to an order , or to a [ask for] , must incorporate the text of the order , or of the [ask for] .

The court staff have been admonished to deal with a request for postal service by solicitor as a matter of priority .
the court staff have been admonished to deal with a [ask for] for postal service by solicitor as a matter of priority .

Alteration in summons or request
alteration in summons or [ask for]

If a summons has not been served , it may be amended if the plaintiff files an amended request `` notwithstanding that the amendment consists of the addition or substitution of a defendant `` .
if a summons has not been served , it may be amended if the plaintiff files an amended [ask for] `` notwithstanding that the amendment consists of the addition or substitution of a defendant `` .

The requirements are : ( 1 ) amended request ; ( 2 ) plaint note ; ( 3 ) addressed envelope , if requested by post .
the requirements are : ( 1 ) amended [ask for] ; ( 2 ) plaint note ; ( 3 ) addressed envelope , if requested by post .

The requirements are : ( 1 ) amendment request ; ( 2 ) plaint note , to show amended return day ; ( 3 ) addressed envelope , if requested by post .
the requirements are : ( 1 ) amendment [ask for] ; ( 2 ) plaint note , to show amended return day ; ( 3 ) addressed envelope , if requested by post .

[ The request for summons and the particulars of claim must contain the certificates required by Ord 3 , r 3 ( 5 ) — ( 8 ) or r 4 ( 7 ) .
[ the [ask for] for summons and the particulars of claim must contain the certificates required by ord 3 , r 3 ( 5 ) — ( 8 ) or r 4 ( 7 ) .

Where the admission is sent direct to the plaintiff and the offer is accepted , the plaintiff is not required to file the admission ( or a copy ) with the request for judgment .
where the admission is sent direct to the plaintiff and the offer is accepted , the plaintiff is not required to file the admission ( or a copy ) with the [ask for] for judgment .

Order 9 , r 6 applies if the defendant in a default action : ( 1 ) does not within 14 days after service of the summons on him , pay to the plaintiff the total amount of the claim and costs on the summons ; or ( 2 ) delivers an admission of the whole of the plaintiff 's claim unaccompanied by a counterclaim or a request for time for payment , or ( 3 ) does not deliver an admission of part of the plaintiff 's claim , a defence or counterclaim , the plaintiff may on filing a request for judgment , and certifying that defendant has not sent any reply to the summons , and stating what payments , if any , have been made , have judgment entered , either for payment forthwith or at such times as plaintiff may specify .
order 9 , r 6 applies if the defendant in a default action : ( 1 ) does not within 14 days after service of the summons on him , pay to the plaintiff the total amount of the claim and costs on the summons ; or ( 2 ) delivers an admission of the whole of the plaintiff 's claim unaccompanied by a counterclaim or a [ask for] for time for payment , or ( 3 ) does not deliver an admission of part of the plaintiff 's claim , a defence or counterclaim , the plaintiff may on filing a [ask for] for judgment , and certifying that defendant has not sent any reply to the summons , and stating what payments , if any , have been made , have judgment entered , either for payment forthwith or at such times as plaintiff may specify .

Admissions of part , or request for time , in default actions
admissions of part , or [ask for] for time , in default actions

However , where a defendant does not reside or carry on business within the district of the court and he desires the action to be transferred to the court for the district in which he resides or carries on business , he may , after delivering a defence , counterclaim , or request for time for payment , apply ex parte in writing for an order to transfer the action to that court .
however , where a defendant does not reside or carry on business within the district of the court and he desires the action to be transferred to the court for the district in which he resides or carries on business , he may , after delivering a defence , counterclaim , or [ask for] for time for payment , apply ex parte in writing for an order to transfer the action to that court .

If assessed or taxed costs under Ord 11 , rr 2 ( 3 ) ( a ) or 3 ( 5 ) ( a ) are not paid , the plaintiff may obtain judgment for them on filing a request ( Ord 22 , r 5 ( 3 ) ) .
if assessed or taxed costs under ord 11 , rr 2 ( 3 ) ( a ) or 3 ( 5 ) ( a ) are not paid , the plaintiff may obtain judgment for them on filing a [ask for] ( ord 22 , r 5 ( 3 ) ) .

The court should not enter these on the court record card before such request is lodged .
the court should not enter these on the court record card before such [ask for] is lodged .

If a defendant requires further particulars , he should first send a written request to the plaintiff .
if a defendant requires further particulars , he should first send a written [ask for] to the plaintiff .

The further particulars given must incorporate the request or order .
the further particulars given must incorporate the [ask for] or order .

If the request is not complied with , the court may order it ( Ord 14 , r 5 ) .
if the [ask for] is not complied with , the court may order it ( ord 14 , r 5 ) .

These are as follows : ( 1 ) When the pleadings are deemed to be closed ; ( a ) there shall be discovery of documents within 28 days , and inspection within seven days thereafter , in accordance with para ( 5 ) ; ( b ) except with the leave of the court or where all parties agree ; ( i ) no expert evidence may be adduced at the trial unless the substance of that evidence has been disclosed to the other parties in the form of a written report within ten weeks ; and ( ii ) subject to para ( 7 ) , the number of expert witnesses of any kind shall be limited to two ; ( c ) photographs and sketch plans and , in an action for personal injuries , the contents of any police accident report book shall be receivable in evidence at the trial and shall be agreed if possible ; ( d ) unless a day has already been fixed , the plaintiff shall within six months request the proper officer to fix a day for the hearing and r 12 shall apply where such request is made .
these are as follows : ( 1 ) when the pleadings are deemed to be closed ; ( a ) there shall be discovery of documents within 28 days , and inspection within seven days thereafter , in accordance with para ( 5 ) ; ( b ) except with the leave of the court or where all parties agree ; ( i ) no expert evidence may be adduced at the trial unless the substance of that evidence has been disclosed to the other parties in the form of a written report within ten weeks ; and ( ii ) subject to para ( 7 ) , the number of expert witnesses of any kind shall be limited to two ; ( c ) photographs and sketch plans and , in an action for personal injuries , the contents of any police accident report book shall be receivable in evidence at the trial and shall be agreed if possible ; ( d ) unless a day has already been fixed , the plaintiff shall within six months [ask for] the proper officer to fix a day for the hearing and r 12 shall apply where such [ask for] is made .

( 5 ) Where the plaintiff makes a request pursuant to para 1 ( a ) above for the proper officer to fix a day for the hearing , he shall file a note which shall if possible be agreed by the parties giving ; ( a ) an estimate of the length of the trial , and ( b ) the number of witnesses to be called .
( 5 ) where the plaintiff makes a [ask for] pursuant to para 1 ( a ) above for the proper officer to fix a day for the hearing , he shall file a note which shall if possible be agreed by the parties giving ; ( a ) an estimate of the length of the trial , and ( b ) the number of witnesses to be called .

( 6 ) If no request is made pursuant to para 1 ( a ) above within 15 months of the day on which pleadings are deemed to be closed ( or within nine months after the expiry of any period fixed by the court for making such a request ) , the action shall be automatically struck out .
( 6 ) if no [ask for] is made pursuant to para 1 ( a ) above within 15 months of the day on which pleadings are deemed to be closed ( or within nine months after the expiry of any period fixed by the court for making such a [ask for] ) , the action shall be automatically struck out .

The Plaintiff must set down within six months of close of pleadings ; if no request is made within 15 months , the action is automatically struck out .
the plaintiff must set down within six months of close of pleadings ; if no [ask for] is made within 15 months , the action is automatically struck out .

Additionally , where sums in excess of £1,000 are involved , reference to arbitration may be made on application in the request or particulars of claim , the defence or counterclaim , or an application under Ord 13 , r 1 ( Ord 19 , r 2 ( 1 ) , and ( 2 ) ) .
additionally , where sums in excess of £1,000 are involved , reference to arbitration may be made on application in the [ask for] or particulars of claim , the defence or counterclaim , or an application under ord 13 , r 1 ( ord 19 , r 2 ( 1 ) , and ( 2 ) ) .

The request ( if for the purpose of enforcement ) shall not be dealt with until after any pending proceedings whet her for variation of an instalment order , setting aside , an administration order , or a stay of execution , are determined ( Ord 25 , r 13 ) .
the [ask for] ( if for the purpose of enforcement ) shall not be dealt with until after any pending proceedings whet her for variation of an instalment order , setting aside , an administration order , or a stay of execution , are determined ( ord 25 , r 13 ) .

If a person wishes to have the registration of a judgment noted because the judgment has been satisfied , the party should make a request in writing to the district judge of the county court supported by confirmation from the creditor or a written statement that this was requested and not provided .
if a person wishes to have the registration of a judgment noted because the judgment has been satisfied , the party should make a [ask for] in writing to the district judge of the county court supported by confirmation from the creditor or a written statement that this was requested and not provided .

The court may allow a request for a warrant of execution to be amended at any time to show the debtor 's amended address or place of levy ( Ord 15 , r 1 ( 1 ) ( a ) ) .
the court may allow a [ask for] for a warrant of execution to be amended at any time to show the debtor 's amended address or place of levy ( ord 15 , r 1 ( 1 ) ( a ) ) .

In accordance with the county court rules , a request for the issue of a summons must be accompanied by particulars of claim , a statement of the special damages claimed and a medical report .
in accordance with the county court rules , a [ask for] for the issue of a summons must be accompanied by particulars of claim , a statement of the special damages claimed and a medical report .

The plaintiff must file in the court office a request for the issue of a summons .
the plaintiff must file in the court office a [ask for] for the issue of a summons .

If the plaintiff so desires and the proper officer so allows , the summons itself may be prepared by the plaintiff in which case a copy must be filed instead of a request .
if the plaintiff so desires and the proper officer so allows , the summons itself may be prepared by the plaintiff in which case a copy must be filed instead of a [ask for] .

There are prescribed forms of request for summons and of summons .
there are prescribed forms of [ask for] for summons and of summons .

If he fails to do so the plaintiff may request an interlocutory judgment for damages to be assessed .
if he fails to do so the plaintiff may [ask for] an interlocutory judgment for damages to be assessed .

All goods supplied by the Seller shall be in accordance with ( i ) the current edition of the relevant Product Description Leaflet as published from time to time by the Seller ( copies of which are available from the Seller upon request ) and ( ii ) those further specifications or descriptions ( if any ) expressly listed or set out on the face of the Order .
all goods supplied by the seller shall be in accordance with ( i ) the current edition of the relevant product description leaflet as published from time to time by the seller ( copies of which are available from the seller upon [ask for] ) and ( ii ) those further specifications or descriptions ( if any ) expressly listed or set out on the face of the order .

9.2 In respect of all goods manufactured and supplied to the Seller by third parties the Seller will pass on to the Purchaser ( in so far as possible ) the benefit of any warranty given to the Seller by such third parties and will ( on request ) supply to the Purchaser details of the terms and conditions of such warranty and copies of any relevant product information sheets , technical data sheets or product leaflets issued by such third parties and the Purchaser shall be solely responsible to the entire exclusion of the Seller for complying with all of these .
9.2 in respect of all goods manufactured and supplied to the seller by third parties the seller will pass on to the purchaser ( in so far as possible ) the benefit of any warranty given to the seller by such third parties and will ( on [ask for] ) supply to the purchaser details of the terms and conditions of such warranty and copies of any relevant product information sheets , technical data sheets or product leaflets issued by such third parties and the purchaser shall be solely responsible to the entire exclusion of the seller for complying with all of these .

Details of any such contract conditions will be supplied by us on request , but you will be deemed to have accepted the same as part of the terms of this order , whether such request has been made by you or not .
details of any such contract conditions will be supplied by us on [ask for] , but you will be deemed to have accepted the same as part of the terms of this order , whether such [ask for] has been made by you or not .

3.3 Any goods and/or work rejected under Condition 3.2 must at our request be replaced or re-performed as the case may be , by you at your expense ; alternatively we may elect ( at our option ) to cancel this order as provided in Condition 10.2 both in respect of the goods and/or the work in question and of the whole of the undelivered balance ( if any ) of the goods and/or the remainder of the work ( if any ) covered by this order .
3.3 any goods and/or work rejected under condition 3.2 must at our [ask for] be replaced or re-performed as the case may be , by you at your expense ; alternatively we may elect ( at our option ) to cancel this order as provided in condition 10.2 both in respect of the goods and/or the work in question and of the whole of the undelivered balance ( if any ) of the goods and/or the remainder of the work ( if any ) covered by this order .

With most of these bodies an application by letter will be sufficient , but the letter should take care to set out the request in a convenient way .
with most of these bodies an application by letter will be sufficient , but the letter should take care to set out the [ask for] in a convenient way .

This is to be expected , and it is reasonable for the vendor to request that the receivers of confidential information enter into such agreements , confirming that they will make no use of it other than for the specific purpose of evaluating the proposed buy-out .
this is to be expected , and it is reasonable for the vendor to [ask for] that the receivers of confidential information enter into such agreements , confirming that they will make no use of it other than for the specific purpose of evaluating the proposed buy-out .

In fact it is becoming increasingly common to request a confidentiality undertaking not only from the prospective purchaser , but also from the proposed equity investors and their advisers .
in fact it is becoming increasingly common to [ask for] a confidentiality undertaking not only from the prospective purchaser , but also from the proposed equity investors and their advisers .

The investors will also request that the managers warrant information contained in the accountants ' due diligence report .
the investors will also [ask for] that the managers warrant information contained in the accountants ' due diligence report .

Management will sometimes request a " catch-up dividend " before further dividends are paid to the preferred ordinary shareholders and ordinary shareholders .
management will sometimes [ask for] a " catch-up dividend " before further dividends are paid to the preferred ordinary shareholders and ordinary shareholders .

It is possible to issue ordinary shares with a variety of rights , and management may , in certain circumstances , such as upon a proposed amendment to the Articles , request that the shares carry weighted votes to protect their minority position .
it is possible to issue ordinary shares with a variety of rights , and management may , in certain circumstances , such as upon a proposed amendment to the articles , [ask for] that the shares carry weighted votes to protect their minority position .

Moreover , it is becoming increasingly common for banks to request , as part of the security package , for an assignment of the warranties given by the vendors .
moreover , it is becoming increasingly common for banks to [ask for] , as part of the security package , for an assignment of the warranties given by the vendors .

The vendors ' first response to a request for warranties is likely to be that they should not be required to give any because the management knows far more about the day-to-day running of the company than they do .
the vendors ' first response to a [ask for] for warranties is likely to be that they should not be required to give any because the management knows far more about the day-to-day running of the company than they do .

( It can be embarrassing to discover that the information requested was in fact supplied to the purchaser six weeks before the date of the request . )
( it can be embarrassing to discover that the information requested was in fact supplied to the purchaser six weeks before the date of the [ask for] . )

Where the purchaser has commissioned an accountants ' report , it is normal practice to request that the vendor warrants the accuracy of the report .
where the purchaser has commissioned an accountants ' report , it is normal practice to [ask for] that the vendor warrants the accuracy of the report .

The wolves were hunted to extinction in the 1920s , at the request of ranchers who regarded them as a threat to cattle .
the wolves were hunted to extinction in the 1920s , at the [ask for] of ranchers who regarded them as a threat to cattle .

The company has long-standing permission to commence operations , but has now agreed to a government request for an environmental impact assessment , the result of which is expected soon .
the company has long-standing permission to commence operations , but has now agreed to a government [ask for] for an environmental impact assessment , the result of which is expected soon .

Despite the fact that representatives of both Korea and Taiwan appeared at the public hearing on the issue to argue their case , Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt is expected to grant the request for certification .
despite the fact that representatives of both korea and taiwan appeared at the public hearing on the issue to argue their case , interior secretary bruce babbitt is expected to grant the [ask for] for certification .

The proposals , in the form of a consultation document , would grant people the right to request information on a wide range of issues from government bodies .
the proposals , in the form of a consultation document , would grant people the right to [ask for] information on a wide range of issues from government bodies .

The public will be able to request information relating to these areas , but the body concerned will be allowed to refuse any requests `` which are formulated in too general a manner `` .
the public will be able to [ask for] information relating to these areas , but the body concerned will be allowed to refuse any requests `` which are formulated in too general a manner `` .

According to Campaigns Director Andrew Lees , : `` Given the potentially broad scope of such `` areas `` , the obstructive official has ample opportunity to rebuff requests by anyone whose request is not specific enough to penetrate the bureaucratic defences of a body which does not want to release the information . ``
according to campaigns director andrew lees , : `` given the potentially broad scope of such `` areas `` , the obstructive official has ample opportunity to rebuff requests by anyone whose [ask for] is not specific enough to penetrate the bureaucratic defences of a body which does not want to release the information . ``

The government had originally planned to launch the review in June , but it backed down after a request from the Gujarat state government , which supports the huge Sardar Sarovar irrigation project of which the Narmada dam forms a part .
the government had originally planned to launch the review in june , but it backed down after a [ask for] from the gujarat state government , which supports the huge sardar sarovar irrigation project of which the narmada dam forms a part .

The locations of the crematoria have not been disclosed , at the request of the local authorities concerned .
the locations of the crematoria have not been disclosed , at the [ask for] of the local authorities concerned .

The donation is in response to Cambodia 's request for help in restoring its shattered agriculture and reflects the Cambodian government 's desire to make the country self-sufficient in food as quickly as possible , but experts fear any short-term benefits will be outweighed by long-term damage .
the donation is in response to cambodia 's [ask for] for help in restoring its shattered agriculture and reflects the cambodian government 's desire to make the country self-sufficient in food as quickly as possible , but experts fear any short-term benefits will be outweighed by long-term damage .

The Commissioner 's request for a halt in work provoked angry reactions from the government .
the commissioner 's [ask for] for a halt in work provoked angry reactions from the government .

While the Environment Commissioner had also initiated proceedings against Spain , Portugal and the Netherlands , it was understood that the British case was the only one in which a request to halt work had been issued .
while the environment commissioner had also initiated proceedings against spain , portugal and the netherlands , it was understood that the british case was the only one in which a [ask for] to halt work had been issued .

It is a corollary of collective responsibility that any minister who disagrees publicly with a cabinet decision should resign and that a government defeat in the House of Commons on a vote of confidence necessitates either the resignation of the government or a request for a dissolution ( there is no convention as to which of these alternatives the government should select ) .
it is a corollary of collective responsibility that any minister who disagrees publicly with a cabinet decision should resign and that a government defeat in the house of commons on a vote of confidence necessitates either the resignation of the government or a [ask for] for a dissolution ( there is no convention as to which of these alternatives the government should select ) .

His embalmed body was carried to Dunfermline for burial , but at his own request his heart had been removed by a trusted comrade-in-arms , Sir James Douglas , to be taken on Crusade .
his embalmed body was carried to dunfermline for burial , but at his own [ask for] his heart had been removed by a trusted comrade-in-arms , sir james douglas , to be taken on crusade .

The Craft Centre Shop is the perfect place to find a truly unique gift ( tokens available on request ) .
the craft centre shop is the perfect place to find a truly unique gift ( tokens available on [ask for] ) .

There are two Crown Bowling Greens where many competitions are held including the George Davies Bowling Tournament ( details of all the bowling Competitions available on request ) .
there are two crown bowling greens where many competitions are held including the george davies bowling tournament ( details of all the bowling competitions available on [ask for] ) .

Brochure on request .
brochure on [ask for] .

Bed and breakfast with evening meals available on request .
bed and breakfast with evening meals available on [ask for] .

We repeat our request .
we repeat our [ask for] .

His dying request sums up the faith of a lifetime .
his dying [ask for] sums up the faith of a lifetime .

The first request to Pharaoh merely aggravates the situation .
the first [ask for] to pharaoh merely aggravates the situation .

The request ( 5:1 ) : this seems less than the whole truth ; but it is in the nature of a test-case , Israel had to leave Egypt in order to sacrifice because the nature of their sacrifice was offensive to the Egyptians ( 8:26 ) .
the [ask for] ( 5:1 ) : this seems less than the whole truth ; but it is in the nature of a test-case , israel had to leave egypt in order to sacrifice because the nature of their sacrifice was offensive to the egyptians ( 8:26 ) .

Pharaoh has heard and rejected Moses ' request .
pharaoh has heard and rejected moses ' [ask for] .

`` Dr McNab still has n't granted my request for evidence that cholera is spread by drinking water .
`` dr mcnab still has n't granted my [ask for] for evidence that cholera is spread by drinking water .

Among Chrétien 's works was a romance , Lancelot , written at Marie 's request , which took as its hero a man who had an illicit affair with the wife of his lord , King Arthur .
among chrétien 's works was a romance , lancelot , written at marie 's [ask for] , which took as its hero a man who had an illicit affair with the wife of his lord , king arthur .

’ Specific requests refer to a particular aspect of clarification , either a request for repetition , confirmation , or specification .
’ specific requests refer to a particular aspect of clarification , either a [ask for] for repetition , confirmation , or specification .

McTear 's version of Garvey 's system has been adapted for this purpose with the addition of one category — the potential request for specification — which our data seemed to demand .
mctear 's version of garvey 's system has been adapted for this purpose with the addition of one category — the potential [ask for] for specification — which our data seemed to demand .

The results of the clarification request analysis summarized in Table 4.3 show that although the younger children are asking for more straightforward requests for repetition than the other age groups ( perhaps because they do not attend as well as the other subjects ) , there are no significant differences in the other categories .
the results of the clarification [ask for] analysis summarized in table 4.3 show that although the younger children are asking for more straightforward requests for repetition than the other age groups ( perhaps because they do not attend as well as the other subjects ) , there are no significant differences in the other categories .

He telephoned a Sunday request to London for a Monday Cabinet , sent the proposals back overnight by a Foreign Office official , and left for Switzerland .
he telephoned a sunday [ask for] to london for a monday cabinet , sent the proposals back overnight by a foreign office official , and left for switzerland .

When Eden , at Baldwin 's request , had telephoned him in Paris on the Sunday evening , he was resting and was pronounced unavailable .
when eden , at baldwin 's [ask for] , had telephoned him in paris on the sunday evening , he was resting and was pronounced unavailable .

He then vetoed the King 's request to be allowed to make his own appeal to the British people .
he then vetoed the king 's [ask for] to be allowed to make his own appeal to the british people .

Baldwin agreed that the request for a special bill was reasonable and said that he would commend it to his colleagues .
baldwin agreed that the [ask for] for a special bill was reasonable and said that he would commend it to his colleagues .

If they would not or could not , at the request of a Government sympathetic to them and their aspirations , give sufficient support to the economic policy advocated by that Government in the general interest , it could not with confidence be supposed that trade union representatives on the boards of companies would give sufficient support to the policies of those companies .
if they would not or could not , at the [ask for] of a government sympathetic to them and their aspirations , give sufficient support to the economic policy advocated by that government in the general interest , it could not with confidence be supposed that trade union representatives on the boards of companies would give sufficient support to the policies of those companies .

In this reply the United States undertook to take certain action at the request of either or both of the parties in the event of an actual or threatened violation of the agreement , and thus guaranteed the continued observance of the Peace Treaty .
in this reply the united states undertook to take certain action at the [ask for] of either or both of the parties in the event of an actual or threatened violation of the agreement , and thus guaranteed the continued observance of the peace treaty .

Clara , grown careless and ruthless now that the struggle was over , did not fail to point out that the school would have helped upon request .
clara , grown careless and ruthless now that the struggle was over , did not fail to point out that the school would have helped upon [ask for] .

Clara had had the sense not to try to ask her mother about a possible purchase , as she could only too clearly imagine the responses to which such a request would expose her , and the abuse which would be cast upon those girls fortunate enough to have a use for party dresses .
clara had had the sense not to try to ask her mother about a possible purchase , as she could only too clearly imagine the responses to which such a [ask for] would expose her , and the abuse which would be cast upon those girls fortunate enough to have a use for party dresses .

These tables were the happy result of that dreaded request … ‘ Could you make something , anything , for my gallery ’ No brief , no specific function , just , well , anything .
these tables were the happy result of that dreaded [ask for] … ‘ could you make something , anything , for my gallery ’ no brief , no specific function , just , well , anything .

At a meeting of the Company on 5th November 1491 , called at the request of Thomas Rich in the name of Julian Shaa and the other executors , the Goldsmiths asked if they might have £40 clear : this would allow them to fulfil all their obligations , to have some money spare for repairs and suchlike , and also to appropriate the balance to their own use .
at a meeting of the company on 5th november 1491 , called at the [ask for] of thomas rich in the name of julian shaa and the other executors , the goldsmiths asked if they might have £40 clear : this would allow them to fulfil all their obligations , to have some money spare for repairs and suchlike , and also to appropriate the balance to their own use .

His request shows that the School was no longer housed at the Parish Church , but unfortunately its whereabouts are not known .
his [ask for] shows that the school was no longer housed at the parish church , but unfortunately its whereabouts are not known .

It also became commonplace for boys to request , and be granted , extensions to their stay in the School , and the Exhibitions to Oxford and Cambridge on offer from the Company were regularly taken up .
it also became commonplace for boys to [ask for] , and be granted , extensions to their stay in the school , and the exhibitions to oxford and cambridge on offer from the company were regularly taken up .

The Goldsmiths accepted with alacrity Middleton 's offer to resign owing to `` daily declining health `` on 27th April 1847 , but were unwilling to honour his final request :
the goldsmiths accepted with alacrity middleton 's offer to resign owing to `` daily declining health `` on 27th april 1847 , but were unwilling to honour his final [ask for] :

In May 1847 a Deputation travelled from Stockport to London to request the addition of French , German , and the higher classes of Mathematics : " the most respectable branches of the inhabitants of the Town would willingly contribute towards the additional expenses this enlarged system of Education would create . " Other pieces of " advice " accompanied this :
in may 1847 a deputation travelled from stockport to london to [ask for] the addition of french , german , and the higher classes of mathematics : " the most respectable branches of the inhabitants of the town would willingly contribute towards the additional expenses this enlarged system of education would create . " other pieces of " advice " accompanied this :

Towards the end of 1849 Gurney wrote to the Goldsmiths to request £200 `` to enable him to clear off his debts and leave some money for general purposes `` ; he was granted £300 .
towards the end of 1849 gurney wrote to the goldsmiths to [ask for] £200 `` to enable him to clear off his debts and leave some money for general purposes `` ; he was granted £300 .

In 1952 at the Chairman 's request , the Stockport Playing Fields Society leased nine acres of land off Castle Farm Lane to the School for 99 years at an annual rent of thirty shillings .
in 1952 at the chairman 's [ask for] , the stockport playing fields society leased nine acres of land off castle farm lane to the school for 99 years at an annual rent of thirty shillings .

Westmoreland called for an additional 206 000 men , but the request was turned down and in March he was relieved of his command .
westmoreland called for an additional 206 000 men , but the [ask for] was turned down and in march he was relieved of his command .

There are still libraries where books and materials themselves are kept on `` closed access `` , in other words available only on request to the library staff ; the catalogue carries the whole burden of revealing to the clientele the contents of the stock , by subject or author or whatever `` retrieval handle `` is thought to be worth displaying .
there are still libraries where books and materials themselves are kept on `` closed access `` , in other words available only on [ask for] to the library staff ; the catalogue carries the whole burden of revealing to the clientele the contents of the stock , by subject or author or whatever `` retrieval handle `` is thought to be worth displaying .

Such conclusions had been growing in force in American higher education for many years , and especially since the investigation carried out by Harvie Branscomb , librarian of Duke University , in the later 19305 at the request of the Association of American Colleges .
such conclusions had been growing in force in american higher education for many years , and especially since the investigation carried out by harvie branscomb , librarian of duke university , in the later 19305 at the [ask for] of the association of american colleges .

Inconsistency is when the personnel director , faced with a request for an increase in pay , says " 4 per cent maximum " and then concedes 4½ per cent under threat of strike .
inconsistency is when the personnel director , faced with a [ask for] for an increase in pay , says " 4 per cent maximum " and then concedes 4½ per cent under threat of strike .

Her mission was to request some drawings from him for the opening show of her London gallery , Guggenheim Jeune .
her mission was to [ask for] some drawings from him for the opening show of her london gallery , guggenheim jeune .

‘ Pray for me , boys , ’ was his departing request .
‘ pray for me , boys , ’ was his departing [ask for] .

$ 3.5–4.5 million ; £1.8–2.4 million ) and a magnificent Matisse , ‘ L'Asie ’ of 1946 , also currently included in the MoMA ‘ Matisse ’ show , depicting a three-quarter length female model in fur gown holding up a necklace , painted in reds , mauve , pink and gold , estimate on request .
$ 3.5–4.5 million ; £1.8–2.4 million ) and a magnificent matisse , ‘ l'asie ’ of 1946 , also currently included in the moma ‘ matisse ’ show , depicting a three-quarter length female model in fur gown holding up a necklace , painted in reds , mauve , pink and gold , estimate on [ask for] .

Exact details of events will be confirmed on request — telephone 0920 463900 .
exact details of events will be confirmed on [ask for] — telephone 0920 463900 .

Also available ( supplements on request ) Harwich-Hook van Holland with Sealink Stena Line .
also available ( supplements on [ask for] ) harwich-hook van holland with sealink stena line .

Prices available on request for Club Class travel on Air Holidays .
prices available on [ask for] for club class travel on air holidays .

The Conditions and Exclusions together with all the other full details are contained in the copy of the Insurance Cover which will be sent with the Confirmation of Booking , and is also available on request .
the conditions and exclusions together with all the other full details are contained in the copy of the insurance cover which will be sent with the confirmation of booking , and is also available on [ask for] .

’ Douglas Connell of the Edinburgh solicitors Dundas and Wilson acting for Lord Minto , comments : ‘ The name of the Japanese consortium involved with Minto can not be disclosed , at their request .
’ douglas connell of the edinburgh solicitors dundas and wilson acting for lord minto , comments : ‘ the name of the japanese consortium involved with minto can not be disclosed , at their [ask for] .

The celebrated ‘ Colonel Mordaunt 's Cock Fight ’ , commissioned by Warren Hastings and painted between 1784 and 1786 by Johan Zoffany , is also to be put on offer , estimate on request .
the celebrated ‘ colonel mordaunt 's cock fight ’ , commissioned by warren hastings and painted between 1784 and 1786 by johan zoffany , is also to be put on offer , estimate on [ask for] .

This can be expensive and if a large mailing is going to regional newspapers , for example , it may be more sensible to reproduce one or two pictures on the release and invite editors to request prints , or simply state that photographs are available on demand .
this can be expensive and if a large mailing is going to regional newspapers , for example , it may be more sensible to reproduce one or two pictures on the release and invite editors to [ask for] prints , or simply state that photographs are available on demand .

Offer photographs to other publications by phone or by stating on the release that photographs are available on request .
offer photographs to other publications by phone or by stating on the release that photographs are available on [ask for] .

However , products which are known to be available on request may receive better ongoing coverage in the media simply because they are useful for photography .
however , products which are known to be available on [ask for] may receive better ongoing coverage in the media simply because they are useful for photography .

If the queries coming into the public relations or press office are short questions they can usually be answered on the spot , but quite often they will be in the form of a general request for information on a specific topic and it could be that your organisation has in its files a good deal of material which could be sent out .
if the queries coming into the public relations or press office are short questions they can usually be answered on the spot , but quite often they will be in the form of a general [ask for] for information on a specific topic and it could be that your organisation has in its files a good deal of material which could be sent out .

It has even been known for a company to respond to a request for information six weeks after the initial query and then to complain that their product had been left out !
it has even been known for a company to respond to a [ask for] for information six weeks after the initial query and then to complain that their product had been left out !

2 Record the details of the request and ask for further details about the proposed story so that you can dig out the most useful in-depth material .
2 record the details of the [ask for] and ask for further details about the proposed story so that you can dig out the most useful in-depth material .

3 Drop everything and treat the request as extremely urgent .
3 drop everything and treat the [ask for] as extremely urgent .

6 If the request is for an expensive sample use tact in discovering whether it has a genuine background .
6 if the [ask for] is for an expensive sample use tact in discovering whether it has a genuine background .

The answers to some or all of these questions will give you a much clearer idea of what the request is all about .
the answers to some or all of these questions will give you a much clearer idea of what the [ask for] is all about .

Of course , there will be many occasions when the request is a direct result of your own work and you will not need to be quite so suspicious .
of course , there will be many occasions when the [ask for] is a direct result of your own work and you will not need to be quite so suspicious .

Ask to meet the interviewer and , if this request is granted , ask him what he is going to ask you .
ask to meet the interviewer and , if this [ask for] is granted , ask him what he is going to ask you .

1 Find out the reasons for any request for spokesmen or filming facilities and try to ascertain what angle is to be taken .
1 find out the reasons for any [ask for] for spokesmen or filming facilities and try to ascertain what angle is to be taken .

You do not necessarily need to take up space by publishing them with the competition but they must be readily available on request .
you do not necessarily need to take up space by publishing them with the competition but they must be readily available on [ask for] .

But both decisions were at the request of the race organizers who felt any cancellation or withdrawal may have resulted in a mass exodus of spectators from the circuit which would have hindered rescue operations .
but both decisions were at the [ask for] of the race organizers who felt any cancellation or withdrawal may have resulted in a mass exodus of spectators from the circuit which would have hindered rescue operations .

Anyone living in Greater London and the adjacent counties of Kent , Essex , Surrey , Berkshire , Buckinghamshire and Hertfordshire is automatically eligible to join the London Branch and anyone else may join on request .
anyone living in greater london and the adjacent counties of kent , essex , surrey , berkshire , buckinghamshire and hertfordshire is automatically eligible to join the london branch and anyone else may join on [ask for] .

This is free ; just request a certificate at the counter .
this is free ; just [ask for] a certificate at the counter .

This is free ; just request a certificate at the counter .
this is free ; just [ask for] a certificate at the counter .

We will not include the value of any message or information , but we will give sympathetic consideration to your request for a refund of the reasonable costs you have had in making enquiries about a lost or damaged postal packet .
we will not include the value of any message or information , but we will give sympathetic consideration to your [ask for] for a refund of the reasonable costs you have had in making enquiries about a lost or damaged postal packet .

This means that every time new stamps appear , the Bureau will deliver your specific request ( anything from a gutter pair to an entire sheet ) direct to your door .
this means that every time new stamps appear , the bureau will deliver your specific [ask for] ( anything from a gutter pair to an entire sheet ) direct to your door .

He could still ask for benevolences , but the request could have no legal force , however much moral pressure might lie behind it .
he could still ask for benevolences , but the [ask for] could have no legal force , however much moral pressure might lie behind it .

Children 's facilities including playground , paddling pool and special menus and babysitting on request
children 's facilities including playground , paddling pool and special menus and babysitting on [ask for]

Baby-sitting available locally on request
baby-sitting available locally on [ask for]

In 1894 Chinese troops were sent to Korea in response to the Korean king 's request for help against domestic rebellion led by the powerful Tonghak religious sect .
in 1894 chinese troops were sent to korea in response to the korean king 's [ask for] for help against domestic rebellion led by the powerful tonghak religious sect .

Nevertheless , it is still possible to request co-operation and compliance with the instructions in a polite way .
nevertheless , it is still possible to [ask for] co-operation and compliance with the instructions in a polite way .

The Convention is confined to international financial leasing , that is , to leasing which in economic terms is equivalent to a sale or purchase-money loan , the equipment being leased to a single lessee at whose request it was bought and the rentals being fixed not by reference to the use-value of the equipment as such but at a level which , taking into account cash-flows , tax-reliefs , and the like , will guarantee to the lessor the reim-bursement of his capital costs and desired return on capital .
the convention is confined to international financial leasing , that is , to leasing which in economic terms is equivalent to a sale or purchase-money loan , the equipment being leased to a single lessee at whose [ask for] it was bought and the rentals being fixed not by reference to the use-value of the equipment as such but at a level which , taking into account cash-flows , tax-reliefs , and the like , will guarantee to the lessor the reim-bursement of his capital costs and desired return on capital .

The bank may reject your request for a loan because it thinks you are overcommitting yourself .
the bank may reject your [ask for] for a loan because it thinks you are overcommitting yourself .

We will be pleased to provide you with an estimate of these costs in advance , on request .
we will be pleased to provide you with an estimate of these costs in advance , on [ask for] .

Written quotations are available on request from any Midland Bank branch .
written quotations are available on [ask for] from any midland bank branch .

Written quotations are available on request from any Midland Bank branch .
written quotations are available on [ask for] from any midland bank branch .

Written quotations are available on request from any Midland Bank branch .
written quotations are available on [ask for] from any midland bank branch .

After the Summer Recess the Cabinet reverted to the subject of capital punishment on 3 November , with the Lord President of the Council reporting on the results of the soundings of Government supporters which he had taken at the request of the Cabinet at its meeting on 15 July .
after the summer recess the cabinet reverted to the subject of capital punishment on 3 november , with the lord president of the council reporting on the results of the soundings of government supporters which he had taken at the [ask for] of the cabinet at its meeting on 15 july .

The Cabinet accepted Morrison 's request , agreeing that :
the cabinet accepted morrison 's [ask for] , agreeing that :

The Act buttressed the law on trespass with two new criminal offences : using or threatening violence in order to obtain entry to any premises , and occupying a house or flat and refusing to leave at the request of the rightful occupier .
the act buttressed the law on trespass with two new criminal offences : using or threatening violence in order to obtain entry to any premises , and occupying a house or flat and refusing to leave at the [ask for] of the rightful occupier .

Classification of cattle , sheep and pig carcases at the request of slaughterhouse operators will also continue .
classification of cattle , sheep and pig carcases at the [ask for] of slaughterhouse operators will also continue .

Billing machines and the tabular ledger are used in the preparation of accounts and the work must always be up to the minute , as it should be possible to produce a guest 's bill immediately on request .
billing machines and the tabular ledger are used in the preparation of accounts and the work must always be up to the minute , as it should be possible to produce a guest 's bill immediately on [ask for] .

The first indication that a person requires accommodation is through a request for a reservation .
the first indication that a person requires accommodation is through a [ask for] for a reservation .

Whenever a request for accommodation is received the receptionist must establish :
whenever a [ask for] for accommodation is received the receptionist must establish :

Procedures following a request for accommodation
procedures following a [ask for] for accommodation

Some hotels telephone confirmation of a booking and will of course acknowledge receipt of a deposit or a special request if the time factor allows .
some hotels telephone confirmation of a booking and will of course acknowledge receipt of a deposit or a special [ask for] if the time factor allows .

Non-returnable deposits are usually requested from overseas visitors booking in advance , and resort hotels whose business is seasonal also usually request a deposit to confirm a booking .
non-returnable deposits are usually requested from overseas visitors booking in advance , and resort hotels whose business is seasonal also usually [ask for] a deposit to confirm a booking .

The hotel can then telephone the central number of the credit card companies and request the approval code as to the credit-worthiness of the card holder .
the hotel can then telephone the central number of the credit card companies and [ask for] the approval code as to the credit-worthiness of the card holder .

Explain briefly how you would deal with the request and then process the reservation from the arrival to the final departure of the guests .
explain briefly how you would deal with the [ask for] and then process the reservation from the arrival to the final departure of the guests .

In this situation the traveller 's request for a room is merely pre-contractual , the receptionist by telling the traveller that a room is available at a given price for one or more nights is making an offer to the traveller .
in this situation the traveller 's [ask for] for a room is merely pre-contractual , the receptionist by telling the traveller that a room is available at a given price for one or more nights is making an offer to the traveller .

Request Serial Number
[ask for] serial number

For control purposes forms have a request serial number .
for control purposes forms have a [ask for] serial number .

Request Serial Number ( see 1.1 )
[ask for] serial number ( see 1.1 )

The request serial number should be noted in a control log book .
the [ask for] serial number should be noted in a control log book .

The request serial number should also be checked off against the records in the control book , and logged as completed .
the [ask for] serial number should also be checked off against the records in the control book , and logged as completed .

Upon receipt of a completed request form by the lexicographers the form should be checked to see whether it is acceptable .
upon receipt of a completed [ask for] form by the lexicographers the form should be checked to see whether it is acceptable .

the forms should be actioned in ascending numerical order on the request serial number
the forms should be actioned in ascending numerical order on the [ask for] serial number

The forms must be actioned in ascending numerical order on the request serial number .
the forms must be actioned in ascending numerical order on the [ask for] serial number .

The form can be completed in a number of ways to request the same action .
the form can be completed in a number of ways to [ask for] the same action .

The form can be completed in a number of ways to request the same action .
the form can be completed in a number of ways to [ask for] the same action .

The form can be completed in a number of ways to request the same action .
the form can be completed in a number of ways to [ask for] the same action .

problems which led to a Change Request .
problems which led to a change [ask for] .

Our protocol ( available on request from the authors ) for the follow up of a positive test result was governed by three main considerations .
our protocol ( available on [ask for] from the authors ) for the follow up of a positive test result was governed by three main considerations .

Unfortunately a request to send a similar questionnaire to local authority social services departments was declined by the service evaluation , research , and information committee of the Association of Directors of Social Services .
unfortunately a [ask for] to send a similar questionnaire to local authority social services departments was declined by the service evaluation , research , and information committee of the association of directors of social services .

The Change Coordinator will record the request in a Changes Log and will subsequently monitor the progress of the change .
the change coordinator will record the [ask for] in a changes log and will subsequently monitor the progress of the change .

Each change request will be reviewed by the Development Manager who will assess the implications and scope of the change , and recommend an appropriate course of action .
each change [ask for] will be reviewed by the development manager who will assess the implications and scope of the change , and recommend an appropriate course of action .

complete a Change Request Form for each proposal . Section 4 describes this form and how to complete it
complete a change [ask for] form for each proposal . section 4 describes this form and how to complete it

The Change Coordinator will process the request .
the change coordinator will process the [ask for] .

For all changes proposed after development , a Change Request Form should be completed by the person requesting the change .
for all changes proposed after development , a change [ask for] form should be completed by the person requesting the change .

The Change Coordinator will process the request .
the change coordinator will process the [ask for] .

The Change Coordinator will tell the Development Manager whether the request for change has been accepted or rejected .
the change coordinator will tell the development manager whether the [ask for] for change has been accepted or rejected .

This sub-section describes the procedures to be followed by the Change Coordinator when he receives a Change Request Form .
this sub-section describes the procedures to be followed by the change coordinator when he receives a change [ask for] form .

On receipt of a Change Request Form the Change Coordinator will :
on receipt of a change [ask for] form the change coordinator will :

record the Change Request in the Changes Log . The Changes Log is described at Section 6
record the change [ask for] in the changes log . the changes log is described at section 6

assign a change reference number to the change request . The change reference number will subsequently by used to identify the change
assign a change reference number to the change [ask for] . the change reference number will subsequently by used to identify the change

copy the Change Request Form and retain the copy for future reference
copy the change [ask for] form and retain the copy for future reference

attach a Change Review Form , with the change reference number marked on it , to the original Change Request Form . The Change Review Form is described at Section 5
attach a change review form , with the change reference number marked on it , to the original change [ask for] form . the change review form is described at section 5

send the Change Request Form and the Change Review Form , together with any supporting documentation , to the Development Manager .
send the change [ask for] form and the change review form , together with any supporting documentation , to the development manager .

The Development Manager will review each change request .
the development manager will review each change [ask for] .

After this review , the Development Manager will return the Change Request Form , the Change Review Form , and any supporting documentation , to the Change Coordinator .
after this review , the development manager will return the change [ask for] form , the change review form , and any supporting documentation , to the change coordinator .

After the meeting the agenda and the Change Review and Change Request Forms will be returned to the Change Coordinator .
after the meeting the agenda and the change review and change [ask for] forms will be returned to the change coordinator .

send the Change Request and Change Review Forms to the Director , Information Systems for those changes which require his approval
send the change [ask for] and change review forms to the director , information systems for those changes which require his approval

On receipt of Change Review and Change Request Forms from the Director , Information Systems the Change Coordinator will :
on receipt of change review and change [ask for] forms from the director , information systems the change coordinator will :

for approval changes , retain the original Change Request and Change Review Forms , and file them in the binder containing the appropriate documentation .
for approval changes , retain the original change [ask for] and change review forms , and file them in the binder containing the appropriate documentation .

This sub-section describes the procedures to be followed by the Development Manager during the processing of a change request . There are three procedures which involve him :
this sub-section describes the procedures to be followed by the development manager during the processing of a change [ask for] . there are three procedures which involve him :

All formal Change Request will be sent by the Change Coordinator to the Development Manager for consideration .
all formal change [ask for] will be sent by the change coordinator to the development manager for consideration .

On receipt of the Change Request Form the Development Manager reviews the Change Request or arranges for a member of the Development Team to review the Change Request .
on receipt of the change [ask for] form the development manager reviews the change [ask for] or arranges for a member of the development team to review the change [ask for] .

at the end of the meeting , return the Change Request Forms , Change Review Forms and update agenda to the the Change Coordinator .
at the end of the meeting , return the change [ask for] forms , change review forms and update agenda to the the change coordinator .

Following a Change Review Meeting , the Change Coordinator will submit Change Request and Change Review Forms to the Director , Information Systems for proposed changes which were accepted or whose rejection would be contentious .
following a change review meeting , the change coordinator will submit change [ask for] and change review forms to the director , information systems for proposed changes which were accepted or whose rejection would be contentious .

Date : the date of the request
date : the date of the [ask for]

This form will be used for each change request in order to document the results for the change review .
this form will be used for each change [ask for] in order to document the results for the change review .

Review Meeting Priority : the priority for discussing this change request at the next Change Review Meeting
review meeting priority : the priority for discussing this change [ask for] at the next change review meeting

The Changes Log will be maintained by the Change Coordinator to record and track each Change Request .
the changes log will be maintained by the change coordinator to record and track each change [ask for] .

The Change Coordinator should complete the following for each Change Request :
the change coordinator should complete the following for each change [ask for] :

Change References : a sequential number , used to identify each change , allocated on receipt of the Change Request Form
change references : a sequential number , used to identify each change , allocated on receipt of the change [ask for] form

Requested by : the name of the person requesting the change , entered on receipt of the Change Request Form
requested by : the name of the person requesting the change , entered on receipt of the change [ask for] form

Description : a brief description of the requested change , entered on receipt of the Change Request Form
description : a brief description of the requested change , entered on receipt of the change [ask for] form

Tracking Dates : a series of dates to monitor the progress of the Change Request as follows :
tracking dates : a series of dates to monitor the progress of the change [ask for] as follows :

And the government began to respond to their request that the repressive power of the State be mobilized in their support .
and the government began to respond to their [ask for] that the repressive power of the state be mobilized in their support .

Once the first and crucial step has been taken of recognising that everyone needs help to handle what are very distressing events , the next step is to request and take advantage of all the support available .
once the first and crucial step has been taken of recognising that everyone needs help to handle what are very distressing events , the next step is to [ask for] and take advantage of all the support available .

The Working-Set database contains the current units of work taken , by request of the lexicographer , from the Main Database .
the working-set database contains the current units of work taken , by [ask for] of the lexicographer , from the main database .

Whenever a database request is made via Oedipus the details are recorded in the Trace Log .
whenever a database [ask for] is made via oedipus the details are recorded in the trace log .

Edited entries will be returned to the Main Database on lexicographer request .
edited entries will be returned to the main database on lexicographer [ask for] .

Primary processes will be triggered by lexicographer request at appropriate notice .
primary processes will be triggered by lexicographer [ask for] at appropriate notice .

The information , which is recorded in a log , details the specific request made , the identity of the lexicographer 's machine , the entry , the time and date .
the information , which is recorded in a log , details the specific [ask for] made , the identity of the lexicographer 's machine , the entry , the time and date .

The processes will be managed by the Computer Croup but will be initiated at lexicographer request .
the processes will be managed by the computer croup but will be initiated at lexicographer [ask for] .

One working day 's notice will normally be required before any request is serviced or added to the Computer Group task list .
one working day 's notice will normally be required before any [ask for] is serviced or added to the computer group task list .

Should the lexicographers wish to proof ranges of dictionary text before approving it , a request may be made to the Computer Group using an appropriate control document .
should the lexicographers wish to proof ranges of dictionary text before approving it , a [ask for] may be made to the computer group using an appropriate control document .

Any reasonable request will be satisfied within 24 hours .
any reasonable [ask for] will be satisfied within 24 hours .

Lexicographers will use a control document to request cross-reference reports .
lexicographers will use a control document to [ask for] cross-reference reports .

It is anticipated that the usual request will be for all cross-references pointing to a given range of entries .
it is anticipated that the usual [ask for] will be for all cross-references pointing to a given range of entries .

In general , these tasks will be initiated by the Computer Group at the request of a lexicographer , and will be processed outside normal working hours .
in general , these tasks will be initiated by the computer group at the [ask for] of a lexicographer , and will be processed outside normal working hours .

Reports showing the status of given dictionary entries will , however , be available on request .
reports showing the status of given dictionary entries will , however , be available on [ask for] .

The processor contains circuitry to request the next instruction from the store , and to receive , decode , and execute it ; the latter may require further read or write accesses to the store , or interaction with a transput unit .
the processor contains circuitry to [ask for] the next instruction from the store , and to receive , decode , and execute it ; the latter may require further read or write accesses to the store , or interaction with a transput unit .

Any use of these facilities by a problem program must be via a request to the supervisor , which can check the validity of the request and whether the problem program is authorized to use the facility .
any use of these facilities by a problem program must be via a [ask for] to the supervisor , which can check the validity of the [ask for] and whether the problem program is authorized to use the facility .

From time to time the problem program will wish to gain entry to the supervisor in a controlled manner , for example to request that a transput operation be performed .
from time to time the problem program will wish to gain entry to the supervisor in a controlled manner , for example to [ask for] that a transput operation be performed .

This is a risky method , since a program error might be interpreted as a supervisor request .
this is a risky method , since a program error might be interpreted as a supervisor [ask for] .

Its mere possession of power was enough to overawe the Cabinet into acceding to its `` request `` .
its mere possession of power was enough to overawe the cabinet into acceding to its `` [ask for] `` .

We would hold a meeting of women from a certain neighbourhood to discuss their needs and then we would help with the necessary work of filing a request for services at the Town Hall .
we would hold a meeting of women from a certain neighbourhood to discuss their needs and then we would help with the necessary work of filing a [ask for] for services at the town hall .

This record should be made available to the suspect on request and is designed to facilitate any complaints of unjustifiable action by the police .
this record should be made available to the suspect on [ask for] and is designed to facilitate any complaints of unjustifiable action by the police .

( b ) The pressures on the police may be such that they will try to avoid keeping records especially where nothing is found or they feel that no request for a copy of the record will be made .
( b ) the pressures on the police may be such that they will try to avoid keeping records especially where nothing is found or they feel that no [ask for] for a copy of the record will be made .

The record is available to the suspect on request for 12 months .
the record is available to the suspect on [ask for] for 12 months .

If you use a marketing department for any reason , you will need to prepare a proper brief which includes what you want , when you need it by , the reasons for the request , and how much time you may think fitting for them to spend on your request .
if you use a marketing department for any reason , you will need to prepare a proper brief which includes what you want , when you need it by , the reasons for the [ask for] , and how much time you may think fitting for them to spend on your [ask for] .

Locate — the procedure and policy manual — the off duty rota and request book — the nursing Kardex or care plans — medical notes and X-rays .
locate — the procedure and policy manual — the off duty rota and [ask for] book — the nursing kardex or care plans — medical notes and x-rays .

Julie is admitted as an emergency on the request of her General Practitioner following a home visit .
julie is admitted as an emergency on the [ask for] of her general practitioner following a home visit .

The medical social worker said that she would request a home help for Mr Brown and also Meals-on-Wheels several times a week .
the medical social worker said that she would [ask for] a home help for mr brown and also meals-on-wheels several times a week .

5 Request physiotherapist visits for pre-operative assessment and to teach post-operative breathing and leg exercises .
5 [ask for] physiotherapist visits for pre-operative assessment and to teach post-operative breathing and leg exercises .

1 Request the patient to empty his bladder .
1 [ask for] the patient to empty his bladder .

Although staff may have been appointed to a post With fixed hours and work schedules , a change in circumstances may give rise to a request for change .
although staff may have been appointed to a post with fixed hours and work schedules , a change in circumstances may give rise to a [ask for] for change .

Because it has to be dealt with at a personal level , some find it difficult to deny the request .
because it has to be dealt with at a personal level , some find it difficult to deny the [ask for] .

This will not only facilitate the request but also enable consideration of continuity .
this will not only facilitate the [ask for] but also enable consideration of continuity .

‘ It 's no flowers by request .
‘ it 's no flowers by [ask for] .

Falmouth 's Arun class Elizabeth Ann was launched at 2140 at the request of the coxswain of The Lizard 's Tyne class David Robinson , which already had L'Espoir , a 40ft converted fishing boat , in two and which was also standing by the yacht Innocence .
falmouth 's arun class elizabeth ann was launched at 2140 at the [ask for] of the coxswain of the lizard 's tyne class david robinson , which already had l'espoir , a 40ft converted fishing boat , in two and which was also standing by the yacht innocence .

At the request of Henry of Trastamara , then seeking to wrest the succession of the kingdom of Castile from his half-brother , Peter , known as ‘ the Cruel ’ , French troops , under du Guesclin , recently ransomed , crossed over into Spain to help bring about the defeat of Peter .
at the [ask for] of henry of trastamara , then seeking to wrest the succession of the kingdom of castile from his half-brother , peter , known as ‘ the cruel ’ , french troops , under du guesclin , recently ransomed , crossed over into spain to help bring about the defeat of peter .

In 1411 , at the request of John , duke of Burgundy , a small English force took part in what was rapidly becoming a situation of civil war in France .
in 1411 , at the [ask for] of john , duke of burgundy , a small english force took part in what was rapidly becoming a situation of civil war in france .

If you have a special request please advise your Travel Agent at the time of booking and ensure this is either correctly noted by the Agent on our computerised Reservations system or given to our Telephone Reservations department as appropriate .
if you have a special [ask for] please advise your travel agent at the time of booking and ensure this is either correctly noted by the agent on our computerised reservations system or given to our telephone reservations department as appropriate .

You must also confirm your request in writing in the relevant box on the booking form .
you must also confirm your [ask for] in writing in the relevant box on the booking form .

Your request will be passed on by us to the supplier concerned but we do not guarantee that your requirements will be met .
your [ask for] will be passed on by us to the supplier concerned but we do not guarantee that your requirements will be met .

If your special request can only be met at an additional cost , that cost will either be invoiced to you prior to the departure or should be paid for by you locally whilst abroad .
if your special [ask for] can only be met at an additional cost , that cost will either be invoiced to you prior to the departure or should be paid for by you locally whilst abroad .

Unless specifically agreed by us in writing at the time you make your booking , we can not accept any booking which is made conditional upon a special request being satisfied .
unless specifically agreed by us in writing at the time you make your booking , we can not accept any booking which is made conditional upon a special [ask for] being satisfied .

Please note it is not possible to request specific coach seats in advance .
please note it is not possible to [ask for] specific coach seats in advance .

Unless specifically agreed at the time of making your booking , we can not accept any reservation which is made conditional upon a Special Request being satisfied .
unless specifically agreed at the time of making your booking , we can not accept any reservation which is made conditional upon a special [ask for] being satisfied .

Family rooms available on request .
family rooms available on [ask for] .

Action may be required by the court itself , the court issuing a Letter of Request asking either a foreign court or another competent authority in the state of destination to assist in having the documents served ; this practice is particularly entrenched in Latin America .
action may be required by the court itself , the court issuing a letter of [ask for] asking either a foreign court or another competent authority in the state of destination to assist in having the documents served ; this practice is particularly entrenched in latin america .

Article 1 of the 1896 Convention provided for service at the request of officers of the ministère public or of the courts of a Contracting State addressed to the competent authority in the state of destination ; the diplomatic channel was to be used for communication from country to country unless direct communication between the relevant authorities of the two states was allowed by bilateral agreement .
article 1 of the 1896 convention provided for service at the [ask for] of officers of the ministère public or of the courts of a contracting state addressed to the competent authority in the state of destination ; the diplomatic channel was to be used for communication from country to country unless direct communication between the relevant authorities of the two states was allowed by bilateral agreement .

Article 1 provides that service will be effected in Contracting States on the request of a consul of the state of origin addressed to an authority designated for the purpose by the state of destination .
article 1 provides that service will be effected in contracting states on the [ask for] of a consul of the state of origin addressed to an authority designated for the purpose by the state of destination .

The authority initiating the request had , however , to be identified in the written request delivered by the consul , which was also to contain information about the parties and the nature of the document to be served and was to be prepared in the language of the state of destination .
the authority initiating the [ask for] had , however , to be identified in the written [ask for] delivered by the consul , which was also to contain information about the parties and the nature of the document to be served and was to be prepared in the language of the state of destination .

Where the plaintiff claimed punitive damages as well as compensation , the request for service was refused apparently on the basis that this was a claim for a penalty and not a civil claim .
where the plaintiff claimed punitive damages as well as compensation , the [ask for] for service was refused apparently on the basis that this was a claim for a penalty and not a civil claim .

An applicant in another state may be unaware of the nature and significance of the divisions within the country of destination , so it is expressly provided that he always has the right to address a request directly to the Central Authority itself .
an applicant in another state may be unaware of the nature and significance of the divisions within the country of destination , so it is expressly provided that he always has the right to address a [ask for] directly to the central authority itself .

Initiation of the Request
initiation of the [ask for]

The case for using a Central Authority as a transmitting agency rests on the argument that the familiarity of its officers with the system of the Convention and with the practice of other countries would ensure that requests which it prepared or approved for transmission were in order and so would be handled expeditiously and without any need to refer a request back for clarification .
the case for using a central authority as a transmitting agency rests on the argument that the familiarity of its officers with the system of the convention and with the practice of other countries would ensure that requests which it prepared or approved for transmission were in order and so would be handled expeditiously and without any need to refer a [ask for] back for clarification .

In the result , the Convention provides that the request is initiated by an ‘ authority or judicial officer competent under the law of the State in which the documents originate ’ .
in the result , the convention provides that the [ask for] is initiated by an ‘ authority or judicial officer competent under the law of the state in which the documents originate ’ .

It appeared to the Commission that , aside from certain cases involving fantasy or malice , a request for service forwarded abroad met a precise need , and it could be presumed that such a request was in compliance with the procedural law of the forum , since this step would otherwise make no sense .
it appeared to the commission that , aside from certain cases involving fantasy or malice , a [ask for] for service forwarded abroad met a precise need , and it could be presumed that such a [ask for] was in compliance with the procedural law of the forum , since this step would otherwise make no sense .

An Annex to the Convention prescribes a form of ‘ Request for Service ’ which is to be used .
an annex to the convention prescribes a form of ‘ [ask for] for service ’ which is to be used .

The actual request is set out in the first part , which gives the relevant addresses and which may specify a particular mode of service .
the actual [ask for] is set out in the first part , which gives the relevant addresses and which may specify a particular mode of service .

Unless the Contracting States concerned have agreed to dispense , in dealings between their two countries , with this requirement , all three parts of the Request must be completed either in the language of the state of destination or in French or English .
unless the contracting states concerned have agreed to dispense , in dealings between their two countries , with this requirement , all three parts of the [ask for] must be completed either in the language of the state of destination or in french or english .

There must be sent to the Central Authority of the state of destination two copies of the Request and of the document to be served ( either the original or a copy ) 75 ; so far as the Request is concerned this requirement for duplicates is always applicable , but pairs or groups of States may agree to dispense , as between themselves , with the need for duplicate copies of the document to be served .
there must be sent to the central authority of the state of destination two copies of the [ask for] and of the document to be served ( either the original or a copy ) 75 ; so far as the [ask for] is concerned this requirement for duplicates is always applicable , but pairs or groups of states may agree to dispense , as between themselves , with the need for duplicate copies of the document to be served .

The practice is for the second copy of the Request to be retained in the files of the Central Authority as a record of its action in the matter , and for the second copy of the document itself to be returned with the completed Certificate of service so as to eliminate any doubt as to which document is covered by the Certificate .
the practice is for the second copy of the [ask for] to be retained in the files of the central authority as a record of its action in the matter , and for the second copy of the document itself to be returned with the completed certificate of service so as to eliminate any doubt as to which document is covered by the certificate .

If the applicant requests a particular method of service ( which in practice is seldom done ) 77 that request will be complied with unless to do so would be incompatible with the law of the country of destination .
if the applicant requests a particular method of service ( which in practice is seldom done ) 77 that [ask for] will be complied with unless to do so would be incompatible with the law of the country of destination .

However , the Request as set out in the Annex suggests that the applicant may delete either of these possibilities , and so limit the Central Authority 's options .
however , the [ask for] as set out in the annex suggests that the applicant may delete either of these possibilities , and so limit the central authority 's options .

If a Central Authority considers that a request for service does not fall within the Convention it may reject it .
if a central authority considers that a [ask for] for service does not fall within the convention it may reject it .

Judge Hand 's refusal to comply with the request addressed to him in the Mexico City case rested on two grounds .
judge hand 's refusal to comply with the [ask for] addressed to him in the mexico city case rested on two grounds .

The Draft provides for the service of documents required for the purpose of a civil proceeding at the request of a tribunal ( defined to include courts , and administrative agencies engaged in the exercise of judicial or quasi-judicial functions ) of the state of origin .
the draft provides for the service of documents required for the purpose of a civil proceeding at the [ask for] of a tribunal ( defined to include courts , and administrative agencies engaged in the exercise of judicial or quasi-judicial functions ) of the state of origin .

The request , addressed to a named tribunal or generally to ‘ any competent tribunal ’ in the state of destination , together with its accompanying documents , was to be translated into the language of that state .
the [ask for] , addressed to a named tribunal or generally to ‘ any competent tribunal ’ in the state of destination , together with its accompanying documents , was to be translated into the language of that state .

So far as methods of service are concerned , Article 7 of the Draft Convention begins with the clear statement that ‘ in the execution of a request service shall be effected as nearly as practicable in the manner prescribed by the law of the [ state of destination ] for analogous documents of local origin ' .
so far as methods of service are concerned , article 7 of the draft convention begins with the clear statement that ‘ in the execution of a [ask for] service shall be effected as nearly as practicable in the manner prescribed by the law of the [ state of destination ] for analogous documents of local origin ' .

This is however accompanied by a proviso , referring to the ‘ suggestions ’ as to the time , place , and manner of service which may be included in the request .
this is however accompanied by a proviso , referring to the ‘ suggestions ’ as to the time , place , and manner of service which may be included in the [ask for] .

Here again it is unrealistic to expect the law of any state to list modes of service which are not allowed ; the policy of the authors of the draft that only a positive prohibition should ‘ stand in the way of granting a request for service ’ gives inadequate weight to the interests of the state of destination .
here again it is unrealistic to expect the law of any state to list modes of service which are not allowed ; the policy of the authors of the draft that only a positive prohibition should ‘ stand in the way of granting a [ask for] for service ’ gives inadequate weight to the interests of the state of destination .

Article 2 ( 6 ) lists grounds for refusal to comply with a request for service .
article 2 ( 6 ) lists grounds for refusal to comply with a [ask for] for service .

the service requested is intended to confer on the tribunal making the request jurisdiction over a person who by the law of the State of execution can not be subjected to such jurisdiction .
the service requested is intended to confer on the tribunal making the [ask for] jurisdiction over a person who by the law of the state of execution can not be subjected to such jurisdiction .

Written information identifying the authority issuing the letter , indicating the time-limits allowed the person affected to act upon the request , and warning of the consequences of failure to do so ;
written information identifying the authority issuing the letter , indicating the time-limits allowed the person affected to act upon the [ask for] , and warning of the consequences of failure to do so ;

An authority in the state of destination which finds that it lacks jurisdiction to execute the letter of request , for example because the defendant is not resident in its area , must forward ‘ the documents and antecedents of the case to the authority of the State [ i.e .
an authority in the state of destination which finds that it lacks jurisdiction to execute the letter of [ask for] , for example because the defendant is not resident in its area , must forward ‘ the documents and antecedents of the case to the authority of the state [ i.e .

The forms are of the Letter Rogatory itself , which follows the functional layout of the Hague ‘ Request ’ rather than the formal , almost supplicatory , style of a traditional letter rogatory ; a statement of Essential Information for the Addressee , corresponding to the Hague ‘ Summary of the Document to be Served ’ ; and a Certificate of execution or non-execution again on the model of the corresponding Hague document .
the forms are of the letter rogatory itself , which follows the functional layout of the hague ‘ [ask for] ’ rather than the formal , almost supplicatory , style of a traditional letter rogatory ; a statement of essential information for the addressee , corresponding to the hague ‘ summary of the document to be served ’ ; and a certificate of execution or non-execution again on the model of the corresponding hague document .

This is a remarkably brief document , providing so far as service of documents is concerned for letters of request to be addressed by a diplomatic or consular officer of the requesting state to the competent authority of the requested state , and for the execution of any request the authenticity of which was not in doubt unless the requested state considered that this would be contrary to its public policy .
this is a remarkably brief document , providing so far as service of documents is concerned for letters of [ask for] to be addressed by a diplomatic or consular officer of the requesting state to the competent authority of the requested state , and for the execution of any [ask for] the authenticity of which was not in doubt unless the requested state considered that this would be contrary to its public policy .

The Committee 's Secretariat reviewed the existing models , particularly the Hague and Inter-American instruments and an Agreement relating to Writs and Letters of Request adopted in 1952 by the Council of the League of Arab States , but recommended a ‘ common integrated and comprehensive approach ’ which would cover civil and criminal matters , and both service and the taking of evidence .
the committee 's secretariat reviewed the existing models , particularly the hague and inter-american instruments and an agreement relating to writs and letters of [ask for] adopted in 1952 by the council of the league of arab states , but recommended a ‘ common integrated and comprehensive approach ’ which would cover civil and criminal matters , and both service and the taking of evidence .

For Order 69 to apply the process must be in connection with ‘ civil or commercial proceedings in a foreign court or tribunal ’ and must have been received by the Senior Master with a written request for service from a consular or other authority in a convention country ( which term includes countries with which the United Kingdom has a relevant bilateral Convention and countries party to the Hague Convention ) or from the Foreign Secretary ( who would have been approached via diplomatic channels by the authorities of another state ) 262 .
for order 69 to apply the process must be in connection with ‘ civil or commercial proceedings in a foreign court or tribunal ’ and must have been received by the senior master with a written [ask for] for service from a consular or other authority in a convention country ( which term includes countries with which the united kingdom has a relevant bilateral convention and countries party to the hague convention ) or from the foreign secretary ( who would have been approached via diplomatic channels by the authorities of another state ) 262 .

The request must be accompanied by an English translation , two copies of the process and , unless the foreign court or tribunal certifies that the person to be served understands the language of the process , two copies of an English translation of it .
the [ask for] must be accompanied by an english translation , two copies of the process and , unless the foreign court or tribunal certifies that the person to be served understands the language of the process , two copies of an english translation of it .

The alternative mode of procedure is for the court to make an order under Order 39 , rule 1 of the Rules of the Supreme Court for the issue of a letter of request to the judicial authorities of the country in which the proposed witness is , asking that they take , or cause to be taken , the evidence of that person .
the alternative mode of procedure is for the court to make an order under order 39 , rule 1 of the rules of the supreme court for the issue of a letter of [ask for] to the judicial authorities of the country in which the proposed witness is , asking that they take , or cause to be taken , the evidence of that person .

The prescribed form of letter of request describes the nature of the proceedings , with a summary of the facts , and asserts the necessity for the purposes of justice of the examination of the witnesses whose names and addresses are given .
the prescribed form of letter of [ask for] describes the nature of the proceedings , with a summary of the facts , and asserts the necessity for the purposes of justice of the examination of the witnesses whose names and addresses are given .

It is then asked that the witnesses be examined either in accordance with a given list of questions , which will have been drafted by the applicant party , or regarding certain matters summarised in the letter of request itself ; an example might be ‘ a road traffic accident believed to have taken place in the sight of the witness at such-and-such a place and time ’ .
it is then asked that the witnesses be examined either in accordance with a given list of questions , which will have been drafted by the applicant party , or regarding certain matters summarised in the letter of [ask for] itself ; an example might be ‘ a road traffic accident believed to have taken place in the sight of the witness at such-and-such a place and time ’ .

What is notable about all this is that certain things are not included in the letter of request .
what is notable about all this is that certain things are not included in the letter of [ask for] .

Nothing is said about cross-examination , not even a request for the facility to be afforded if it would be compatible with foreign procedures ; no detail is given as to the manner in which the evidence is to be ‘ reduced into writing ’ , so that , for example , no preference is expressed for a verbatim transcript rather than a summary minute prepared by the foreign judge .
nothing is said about cross-examination , not even a [ask for] for the facility to be afforded if it would be compatible with foreign procedures ; no detail is given as to the manner in which the evidence is to be ‘ reduced into writing ’ , so that , for example , no preference is expressed for a verbatim transcript rather than a summary minute prepared by the foreign judge .

There is little doubt that where the appointment of an examiner is permitted under the law of the relevant foreign country , it offers the English practitioner a much better chance of securing a procedure with which he is familiar than does use of a letter of request to a foreign court .
there is little doubt that where the appointment of an examiner is permitted under the law of the relevant foreign country , it offers the english practitioner a much better chance of securing a procedure with which he is familiar than does use of a letter of [ask for] to a foreign court .

Where a letter of request is addressed to a foreign court , that court may be unaccustomed to the process of cross-examination .
where a letter of [ask for] is addressed to a foreign court , that court may be unaccustomed to the process of cross-examination .

The order may be made pursuant to a letter rogatory issued , or request made , by a foreign or international tribunal or upon the application of any interested person and may direct that the testimony or statement be given , or the document or other thing be produced , before a person appointed by the court .
the order may be made pursuant to a letter rogatory issued , or [ask for] made , by a foreign or international tribunal or upon the application of any interested person and may direct that the testimony or statement be given , or the document or other thing be produced , before a person appointed by the court .

It will be seen from the text of the section that it does not require a Letter of Request to be issued ; an application may be made directly by any interested person , a litigant , a foreign government official , or a prosecutor such as the English Director of Public Prosecutions .
it will be seen from the text of the section that it does not require a letter of [ask for] to be issued ; an application may be made directly by any interested person , a litigant , a foreign government official , or a prosecutor such as the english director of public prosecutions .

It provided that in civil or commercial matters a judicial authority of a Contracting State might , in conformity with the provisions of its legislation , communicate by letter rogatory with the competent authority of another Contracting State in order to request that the latter should , within its jurisdiction , effect either an examination ( un acte d'instruction ) or other judicial acts ( actes judiciaires ) .
it provided that in civil or commercial matters a judicial authority of a contracting state might , in conformity with the provisions of its legislation , communicate by letter rogatory with the competent authority of another contracting state in order to [ask for] that the latter should , within its jurisdiction , effect either an examination ( un acte d'instruction ) or other judicial acts ( actes judiciaires ) .

The execution of the letters rogatory might be refused only if the authenticity of the document was not established ; or if in the requested State its execution was not included within ‘ the attributes of judicial power ’ ; or if the request infringed the sovereignty or security of the requested State .
the execution of the letters rogatory might be refused only if the authenticity of the document was not established ; or if in the requested state its execution was not included within ‘ the attributes of judicial power ’ ; or if the [ask for] infringed the sovereignty or security of the requested state .

The forms to be followed in executing the request were those of the requested State , but a request that a special form be followed would be complied with provided the form specified were not contrary to the legislation of that State .
the forms to be followed in executing the [ask for] were those of the requested state , but a [ask for] that a special form be followed would be complied with provided the form specified were not contrary to the legislation of that state .

So , for example , a request that evidence be taken on oath would be complied with in Switzerland despite the fact that the oath was not used under local procedure .
so , for example , a [ask for] that evidence be taken on oath would be complied with in switzerland despite the fact that the oath was not used under local procedure .

The Convention provides for the taking of evidence or the performing of other judicial acts abroad , by means of Letters of Request or by the use of diplomats and consuls , of and commissioners .
the convention provides for the taking of evidence or the performing of other judicial acts abroad , by means of letters of [ask for] or by the use of diplomats and consuls , of and commissioners .

Letters of Request
letters of [ask for]

When the case first came before the Court of Appeal , the court , finding no assistance in the text of the Convention itself , held in effect that the proceedings had to be regarded as in a ‘ civil or commercial matter ’ both under the law of the requesting country , which must necessarily be the starting-point , and that of England , the courts of which had to be satisfied that the request did fall within the terms of the Act .
when the case first came before the court of appeal , the court , finding no assistance in the text of the convention itself , held in effect that the proceedings had to be regarded as in a ‘ civil or commercial matter ’ both under the law of the requesting country , which must necessarily be the starting-point , and that of england , the courts of which had to be satisfied that the [ask for] did fall within the terms of the act .

The first Letters of Request were , however , rejected as too widely drawn , under principles as to ‘ fishing expeditions ’ to be considered below .
the first letters of [ask for] were , however , rejected as too widely drawn , under principles as to ‘ fishing expeditions ’ to be considered below .

The Norwegian court issued a second Letter of Request and the ‘ civil or commercial ’ point was taken again , and argued before a differently constituted Court of Appeal .
the norwegian court issued a second letter of [ask for] and the ‘ civil or commercial ’ point was taken again , and argued before a differently constituted court of appeal .

One closely related question has also been the subject of much recent discussion . If a request is made to obtain evidence abroad for use in what are clearly civil proceedings , is it a sufficient ground for rejecting the request that there is a possibility that the evidence might subsequently be used in the requesting country in a criminal matter ?
one closely related question has also been the subject of much recent discussion . if a [ask for] is made to obtain evidence abroad for use in what are clearly civil proceedings , is it a sufficient ground for rejecting the [ask for] that there is a possibility that the evidence might subsequently be used in the requesting country in a criminal matter ?

The general opinion amongst Central Authorities is that a request should not be rejected on this ground ; and this appears to accord with the views expressed in the House of Lords in the Westinghouse case .
the general opinion amongst central authorities is that a [ask for] should not be rejected on this ground ; and this appears to accord with the views expressed in the house of lords in the westinghouse case .

However it is quite proper to reject a request if the evidence is really being sought with a view to its use in criminal proceedings .
however it is quite proper to reject a [ask for] if the evidence is really being sought with a view to its use in criminal proceedings .

The request must emanate from a ‘ judicial authority ’ , but there is no definition of this expression .
the [ask for] must emanate from a ‘ judicial authority ’ , but there is no definition of this expression .

conducting conciliation in matrimonial proceedings or valuing property , the Request may be refused ( even if it is a judicial act in the requesting State ) .
conducting conciliation in matrimonial proceedings or valuing property , the [ask for] may be refused ( even if it is a judicial act in the requesting state ) .

To ensure the simplicity of the system , it is expressly provided in Article 2 that no intervening agency in the requested State is to deal with the Letter of Request on its way to the Central Authority .
to ensure the simplicity of the system , it is expressly provided in article 2 that no intervening agency in the requested state is to deal with the letter of [ask for] on its way to the central authority .

However , Article 27 ( a ) permits a State to declare that it will accept transmission of Letters of Request to its judicial authorities by other channels ( no State has done so ) ; Article 28 ( a ) enables two or more Contracting States to make other arrangements inter se ; and Article 32 protects existing bilateral Conventions .
however , article 27 ( a ) permits a state to declare that it will accept transmission of letters of [ask for] to its judicial authorities by other channels ( no state has done so ) ; article 28 ( a ) enables two or more contracting states to make other arrangements inter se ; and article 32 protects existing bilateral conventions .

The Convention does not prescribe how a Letter of Request should be despatched from within the requesting State .
the convention does not prescribe how a letter of [ask for] should be despatched from within the requesting state .

Contents of Letters of Request
contents of letters of [ask for]

The detailed information which the Letter of Request must contain is set out in Article 3 .
the detailed information which the letter of [ask for] must contain is set out in article 3 .

The Special Commissions of 1978 and 1985 considered that there was a need for a model or standard form of Letter of Request to overcome the problem of inadequate information , e.g .
the special commissions of 1978 and 1985 considered that there was a need for a model or standard form of letter of [ask for] to overcome the problem of inadequate information , e.g .

It is designed to operate as a ‘ check list ’ of all information which is considered to be desirable or necessary for the successful execution of the Request and its prompt return to the requesting authority .
it is designed to operate as a ‘ check list ’ of all information which is considered to be desirable or necessary for the successful execution of the [ask for] and its prompt return to the requesting authority .

What is most needed is a clear explanation of the particular point on which evidence is sought ; the model form includes requests for summaries of the parties ' positions and suggests that relevant documentation ( court orders , pleadings ) might be attached ; but these should be restricted to matters illuminating the particular request for evidence and should not seek to rehearse the whole case .
what is most needed is a clear explanation of the particular point on which evidence is sought ; the model form includes requests for summaries of the parties ' positions and suggests that relevant documentation ( court orders , pleadings ) might be attached ; but these should be restricted to matters illuminating the particular [ask for] for evidence and should not seek to rehearse the whole case .

Language of the Request
language of the [ask for]

Letters of Request must be in the language of the authority requested to execute it ( or be accompanied by a translation into that language ) ; or in English or French , unless a party has made a reservation under Article 33 excluding the use of English or French ; or in another language which a Contracting State has declared its readiness to accept .
letters of [ask for] must be in the language of the authority requested to execute it ( or be accompanied by a translation into that language ) ; or in english or french , unless a party has made a reservation under article 33 excluding the use of english or french ; or in another language which a contracting state has declared its readiness to accept .

Rejection of Letter of Request
rejection of letter of [ask for]

The Convention creates an obligation to execute Letters of Request falling within its terms ; and the Letter is to be executed ‘ expeditiously ’ .
the convention creates an obligation to execute letters of [ask for] falling within its terms ; and the letter is to be executed ‘ expeditiously ’ .

Execution of Letters of Request
execution of letters of [ask for]

Letters of Request are to be executed by an ‘ authority competent to execute them ’ , later referred to as a ‘ judicial authority ’ .
letters of [ask for] are to be executed by an ‘ authority competent to execute them ’ , later referred to as a ‘ judicial authority ’ .

If a Request is sent to an authority which is not competent to execute it , it must be sent forthwith to the correct authority , either by the former authority direct , or by the Central Authority .
if a [ask for] is sent to an authority which is not competent to execute it , it must be sent forthwith to the correct authority , either by the former authority direct , or by the central authority .

Attendance at the execution of the Letter of Request
attendance at the execution of the letter of [ask for]

Notice of the time and place of the proceedings must , on request , be sent to the requesting authority , or direct to the parties , to enable them and their representatives to be present .
notice of the time and place of the proceedings must , on [ask for] , be sent to the requesting authority , or direct to the parties , to enable them and their representatives to be present .

The judicial authority executing the request applies its own laws and procedures , save where a request is made to follow a special method or procedure , which is not incompatible with the law of the State of execution or impossible of performance by reason of its internal practice and procedure or by reason of other practical difficulties .
the judicial authority executing the [ask for] applies its own laws and procedures , save where a [ask for] is made to follow a special method or procedure , which is not incompatible with the law of the state of execution or impossible of performance by reason of its internal practice and procedure or by reason of other practical difficulties .

Some requesting States may only accept evidence taken in a particular way and the Convention tries to ensure that a request for a special procedure ( for example , for verbatim transcripts or , on the other hand , for a summary of the evidence in deposition form ; or for video-taped evidence ) will not be refused merely because it is inconvenient to the requested State .
some requesting states may only accept evidence taken in a particular way and the convention tries to ensure that a [ask for] for a special procedure ( for example , for verbatim transcripts or , on the other hand , for a summary of the evidence in deposition form ; or for video-taped evidence ) will not be refused merely because it is inconvenient to the requested state .

, to overcome the difficulty which a civil law State may have in satisfying a Request from a common law State to take evidence under cross examination , because no judge or local lawyer in the requested State had any experience in that field .
, to overcome the difficulty which a civil law state may have in satisfying a [ask for] from a common law state to take evidence under cross examination , because no judge or local lawyer in the requested state had any experience in that field .

Letters of Request are to be executed expeditiously .
letters of [ask for] are to be executed expeditiously .

At the 1985 Special Commission , various estimates were given as to the length of time taken to comply with a Letter of Request .
at the 1985 special commission , various estimates were given as to the length of time taken to comply with a letter of [ask for] .

Return of executed Letter of Request
return of executed letter of [ask for]

The documents establishing the execution of the Letter are to be sent by the requested authority to the requesting authority by the same channel as was used for transmission of the Request .
the documents establishing the execution of the letter are to be sent by the requested authority to the requesting authority by the same channel as was used for transmission of the [ask for] .

Other States , in the interests of speed , leave it to the competent authority to return the documents , or to inform the requesting authority that the Letter of Request has not been executed .
other states , in the interests of speed , leave it to the competent authority to return the documents , or to inform the requesting authority that the letter of [ask for] has not been executed .

Under Article 26 a State may , if required to do so because of constitutional limitations ( and on the basis of reciprocity ) , request reimbursement by the requesting State of fees and costs for the service of process on an unwilling witness and for his attendance , and for transcripts or evidence .
under article 26 a state may , if required to do so because of constitutional limitations ( and on the basis of reciprocity ) , [ask for] reimbursement by the requesting state of fees and costs for the service of process on an unwilling witness and for his attendance , and for transcripts or evidence .

As the text emerged from the drafting committee , the English text , but not the French text , of Article 1 made express reference to ‘ discovery ’ ; a request was not to be used for the purpose of obtaining discovery between the parties before the trial .
as the text emerged from the drafting committee , the english text , but not the french text , of article 1 made express reference to ‘ discovery ’ ; a [ask for] was not to be used for the purpose of obtaining discovery between the parties before the trial .

The Divisional Court in that case distinguished between the obtaining of evidence for use in a trial , ‘ direct ’ material , which constituted ‘ testimony ’ under that Act and which would be gathered in response to a Letter of Request , and the obtaining of ‘ indirect ’ material , which might lead to a line of enquiry pointing to actual evidence ; the English courts would not assist a foreign court to obtain such ‘ indirect ’ material .
the divisional court in that case distinguished between the obtaining of evidence for use in a trial , ‘ direct ’ material , which constituted ‘ testimony ’ under that act and which would be gathered in response to a letter of [ask for] , and the obtaining of ‘ indirect ’ material , which might lead to a line of enquiry pointing to actual evidence ; the english courts would not assist a foreign court to obtain such ‘ indirect ’ material .

to state what documents relevant to the proceedings to which the Letter of Request relates are , or have been , in his possession , custody or power ; or
to state what documents relevant to the proceedings to which the letter of [ask for] relates are , or have been , in his possession , custody or power ; or

to produce any documents other than particular documents specified in the Letter of Request as being documents appearing to the requested court to be , or to be likely to be , in his possession , custody or power .
to produce any documents other than particular documents specified in the letter of [ask for] as being documents appearing to the requested court to be , or to be likely to be , in his possession , custody or power .

It is possible to read paragraph ( b ) of this declaration as implying that the United Kingdom will execute Letters of Request seeking the production of particular documents specified in the Letter and required by way of ‘ discovery ’ , even if they do not ( in the words of the corresponding Rule of the Supreme Court ) 502 ‘ relate to a matter in question in the cause or matter ’ .
it is possible to read paragraph ( b ) of this declaration as implying that the united kingdom will execute letters of [ask for] seeking the production of particular documents specified in the letter and required by way of ‘ discovery ’ , even if they do not ( in the words of the corresponding rule of the supreme court ) 502 ‘ relate to a matter in question in the cause or matter ’ .

Lord Keith held that the distinction between evidence and discovery was recognised both in the Act and in Article 23 of the Convention ; it was not disputed by counsel that effect could not be given to a request merely seeking discovery .
lord keith held that the distinction between evidence and discovery was recognised both in the act and in article 23 of the convention ; it was not disputed by counsel that effect could not be given to a [ask for] merely seeking discovery .

The United Kingdom expert , very surprisingly , was equally silent on this matter ; he explained the purpose of Article 23 as being to enable Contracting States to refuse to execute Letters of Request which lacked specificity in that they did not describe precisely enough the documents to be obtained or examined .
the united kingdom expert , very surprisingly , was equally silent on this matter ; he explained the purpose of article 23 as being to enable contracting states to refuse to execute letters of [ask for] which lacked specificity in that they did not describe precisely enough the documents to be obtained or examined .

where the alternative would be to transport witnesses to the United States , but , as the French authorities have pointed out , where the request is a straightforward one , it is sometimes cheaper to use a Letter of Request , rather than appoint a commissioner .
where the alternative would be to transport witnesses to the united states , but , as the french authorities have pointed out , where the [ask for] is a straightforward one , it is sometimes cheaper to use a letter of [ask for] , rather than appoint a commissioner .

The Act gives certain powers to the High Court where an application is made for an order for evidence to be obtained in England , and the court is satisfied that the application is made in pursuance of a request issued by or on behalf of a court or tribunal exercising jurisdiction in another part of the United Kingdom or some other country , and that the evidence sought is to be obtained for the purposes of civil proceedings which have either been instituted before the requesting court or whose institution is contemplated .
the act gives certain powers to the high court where an application is made for an order for evidence to be obtained in england , and the court is satisfied that the application is made in pursuance of a [ask for] issued by or on behalf of a court or tribunal exercising jurisdiction in another part of the united kingdom or some other country , and that the evidence sought is to be obtained for the purposes of civil proceedings which have either been instituted before the requesting court or whose institution is contemplated .

The English court will not investigate the likely relevance of the evidence sought to issues raised in the foreign proceedings , regarding that as a matter for the foreign court ( which will not have made its request without due consideration ) 520 .
the english court will not investigate the likely relevance of the evidence sought to issues raised in the foreign proceedings , regarding that as a matter for the foreign court ( which will not have made its [ask for] without due consideration ) 520 .

The court , in practice a Master of the Queen 's Bench Division , can make an appropriate order to give effect to the request underlying the application .
the court , in practice a master of the queen 's bench division , can make an appropriate order to give effect to the [ask for] underlying the application .

An order under section 2 may also not be made if it is shown that the request infringes the jurisdiction of the United Kingdom or is otherwise prejudicial to the United Kingdom ; on these matters a certificate of the Secretary of State is conclusive .
an order under section 2 may also not be made if it is shown that the [ask for] infringes the jurisdiction of the united kingdom or is otherwise prejudicial to the united kingdom ; on these matters a certificate of the secretary of state is conclusive .

Where the claim arises under the law of the requesting State , and is neither supported by material in the request or conceded by the applicant for the order , the court may order that the evidence be taken , but the evidence is not transmitted to the requesting court if that court , on the matter being referred to it , upholds the claim .
where the claim arises under the law of the requesting state , and is neither supported by material in the [ask for] or conceded by the applicant for the order , the court may order that the evidence be taken , but the evidence is not transmitted to the requesting court if that court , on the matter being referred to it , upholds the claim .

Testimony and documentary evidence would , they envisaged , be presented either to the forum court or obtained by Letter of Request in the foreign country in which they were to be found .
testimony and documentary evidence would , they envisaged , be presented either to the forum court or obtained by letter of [ask for] in the foreign country in which they were to be found .

No District Court accepted the exclusivity argument , many relying on a superficial reading of Article 27 ( c ) of the Convention , which allows Contracting States to permit ‘ by internal law or practice , methods of taking evidence other than those provided for in this Convention ’ ; the better view is that this freedom is given only to the requested country and does not refer to the country from which the discovery request originates .
no district court accepted the exclusivity argument , many relying on a superficial reading of article 27 ( c ) of the convention , which allows contracting states to permit ‘ by internal law or practice , methods of taking evidence other than those provided for in this convention ’ ; the better view is that this freedom is given only to the requested country and does not refer to the country from which the discovery [ask for] originates .

the degree of specificity of the request ;
the degree of specificity of the [ask for] ;

the extent to which non-compliance with the request would undermine important interests of the United States , or compliance with the request would undermine important interests of the state where the information is located .
the extent to which non-compliance with the [ask for] would undermine important interests of the united states , or compliance with the [ask for] would undermine important interests of the state where the information is located .

Extended bar opening hours may be arranged on request , and facilities for sherry receptions are available .
extended bar opening hours may be arranged on [ask for] , and facilities for sherry receptions are available .

We also like to cater for any specific menu request and , given ample notice , provide for special dietary requirements of individual visitors .
we also like to cater for any specific menu [ask for] and , given ample notice , provide for special dietary requirements of individual visitors .

Raine , who appeared at this shorts and T-shirts party in a ballgown , agreed to Charles 's request for a dance by the pool .
raine , who appeared at this shorts and t-shirts party in a ballgown , agreed to charles 's [ask for] for a dance by the pool .

At first she treated his request in a light-hearted way and broke into a fit of giggles .
at first she treated his [ask for] in a light-hearted way and broke into a fit of giggles .

The request was ignored .
the [ask for] was ignored .

This time she wrote directly to the Queen who raised no objections to the request .
this time she wrote directly to the queen who raised no objections to the [ask for] .

It was a routine request from the Queen to her daughter-in-law , the Princess of Wales .
it was a routine [ask for] from the queen to her daughter-in-law , the princess of wales .

Some companies can make available women drivers on request .
some companies can make available women drivers on [ask for] .

All food is bought fresh daily and the management respectfully request a minimum of 24 hours notice on evening meals if required .
all food is bought fresh daily and the management respectfully [ask for] a minimum of 24 hours notice on evening meals if required .

Brochure on request .
brochure on [ask for] .

Special rates on request .
special rates on [ask for] .

Some companies can make women drivers available on request .
some companies can make women drivers available on [ask for] .

The penalties for failure to comply with the request of an investigator made under s.177 are specified in s.178 ( 1 ) - ( 2 ) .
the penalties for failure to comply with the [ask for] of an investigator made under s.177 are specified in s.178 ( 1 ) - ( 2 ) .

Supplements per person per night : Supplements for 3–30 Apr available on request ; Single room £4.75 ; Garden view & balcony £2.95 .
supplements per person per night : supplements for 3–30 apr available on [ask for] ; single room £4.75 ; garden view & balcony £2.95 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £8.90 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £8.90 .

Supplements per person per night : Supplements for 3–30 Apr available on request ; Single rooms £7.25 ; Front sea view £5.75 ; Front sea view and balcony £7.25 .
supplements per person per night : supplements for 3–30 apr available on [ask for] ; single rooms £7.25 ; front sea view £5.75 ; front sea view and balcony £7.25 .

Supplements per person per night : Supplements for 3–30 Apr available on request ; Single room £7.95 ; Single room with front sea view £3.25 ; Front sea view and balcony £7.75 .
supplements per person per night : supplements for 3–30 apr available on [ask for] ; single room £7.95 ; single room with front sea view £3.25 ; front sea view and balcony £7.75 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room £16.50 ; Front sea view ( on request ) £16.50 ; Side sea view and balcony £6.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room £16.50 ; front sea view ( on [ask for] ) £16.50 ; side sea view and balcony £6.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Supplements for departures 3–30 Apr available on request ; Single room £9.95 ; Full board £10.50 ; Front sea view £9.75 ; Side sea view £6.50 .
supplements per person per night : supplements for departures 3–30 apr available on [ask for] ; single room £9.95 ; full board £10.50 ; front sea view £9.75 ; side sea view £6.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Supplements for departures 3–24 Apr available on request ; Single room £15.95 ; Full board £18.50 ; Front sea view £15.50 .
supplements per person per night : supplements for departures 3–24 apr available on [ask for] ; single room £15.95 ; full board £18.50 ; front sea view £15.50 .

Please indicate your request on the booking form .
please indicate your [ask for] on the booking form .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £18.75 ; Front sea view £7.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £18.75 ; front sea view £7.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £9.25 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £9.25 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £21.75 ; Full board £24.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £21.75 ; full board £24.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £30.95 ; Full board £30.95 ; Suite ( on request ) £24.95 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £30.95 ; full board £30.95 ; suite ( on [ask for] ) £24.95 .

Please indicate your request on the booking form .
please indicate your [ask for] on the booking form .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £7.25 ; Full board £7.75 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £7.25 ; full board £7.75 .

Supplements per person per night : Double for sole occupancy ( on request ) £12.25 ; Front sea view £2.95 .
supplements per person per night : double for sole occupancy ( on [ask for] ) £12.25 ; front sea view £2.95 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £10.25 ; Full board £12.95 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £10.25 ; full board £12.95 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £11.50 ; Front sea view £4.75 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £11.50 ; front sea view £4.75 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £10.25 ; Full board £15.95 ; Front sea view £3.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £10.25 ; full board £15.95 ; front sea view £3.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £19.95 ; Full board £9.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £19.95 ; full board £9.50 .

Please indicate your request on the booking form .
please indicate your [ask for] on the booking form .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £13.50 ; Full board £12.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £13.50 ; full board £12.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £13.50 ; Full board £12.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £13.50 ; full board £12.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room £6.50 ; Front sea view and balcony £15.50 ; Private garden & pool ( on request ) £62.75 .
supplements per person per night : single room £6.50 ; front sea view and balcony £15.50 ; private garden & pool ( on [ask for] ) £62.75 .

Supplements per person per night : Single Pineta/Garden/Mare ( all on request ) 27 Jun–24 Jul £39.25 ; 25 Jul–21 Aug £52.25 ; all other times £27.50 .
supplements per person per night : single pineta/garden/mare ( all on [ask for] ) 27 jun–24 jul £39.25 ; 25 jul–21 aug £52.25 ; all other times £27.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) 27 Jun–24 Jul £39.95 ; 25 Jul–21 Aug £52.25 ; all other times £27.95 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) 27 jun–24 jul £39.95 ; 25 jul–21 aug £52.25 ; all other times £27.95 .

Please indicate your request on the booking form .
please indicate your [ask for] on the booking form .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) 25 Jul–21 Aug £92.95 ; 6 Jun–24 Jul & 22 Aug–25 Sep £49.60 ; all other times £30.95 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) 25 jul–21 aug £92.95 ; 6 jun–24 jul & 22 aug–25 sep £49.60 ; all other times £30.95 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room on request ( double for sole use ) £49.95 ; Superior £10.95 ; Superior with enhanced view £12.25 .
supplements per person per night : single room on [ask for] ( double for sole use ) £49.95 ; superior £10.95 ; superior with enhanced view £12.25 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £9.95 ; Full board £21.75 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £9.95 ; full board £21.75 .

Please indicate your request on the booking form .
please indicate your [ask for] on the booking form .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £9.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £9.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £15.50 ; Front sea view £1.75 ; Full board £3.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £15.50 ; front sea view £1.75 ; full board £3.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £8.25 ; Balcony £2.25 ; Full board £9.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £8.25 ; balcony £2.25 ; full board £9.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £24.95 ; Room with garden view and balcony £8.25 ; Balcony and sea view £14.95 ; Full board £10.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £24.95 ; room with garden view and balcony £8.25 ; balcony and sea view £14.95 ; full board £10.50 .

Please indicate your request on the booking form .
please indicate your [ask for] on the booking form .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £8.30 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £8.30 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £3.95 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £3.95 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £9.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £9.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £14.50 ; Side sea view and balcony £2.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £14.50 ; side sea view and balcony £2.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £13.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £13.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Double for sole occupancy ( on request ) £19.50 ; Suite 2 pers £6.95 .
supplements per person per night : double for sole occupancy ( on [ask for] ) £19.50 ; suite 2 pers £6.95 .

Supplements per person per night : For departures 4–30 April supplements available on request : Single room with side sea view £6.40 .
supplements per person per night : for departures 4–30 april supplements available on [ask for] : single room with side sea view £6.40 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £12.50 ; Front sea view and balcony £4.95 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £12.50 ; front sea view and balcony £4.95 .

Please indicate your request on the booking form .
please indicate your [ask for] on the booking form .

Single room ( on request ) £10.25 not available 10 June–3 Sept .
single room ( on [ask for] ) £10.25 not available 10 june–3 sept .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £3.25 ; Front sea view and balcony £2.25 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £3.25 ; front sea view and balcony £2.25 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £10.25 ; Reductions per person per night : Suite for 3 pers £2.50 ; 4 pers £4.95 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £10.25 ; reductions per person per night : suite for 3 pers £2.50 ; 4 pers £4.95 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £6.25 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £6.25 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £15.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £15.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £8.95 ; Full board £7.75 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £8.95 ; full board £7.75 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £4.25 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £4.25 .

Supplements per person per night : Double room for sole use £15.95 ; Suite ( on request ) £11.75 .
supplements per person per night : double room for sole use £15.95 ; suite ( on [ask for] ) £11.75 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £3.25 ; Full board £3.25 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £3.25 ; full board £3.25 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) no supplement .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) no supplement .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £6.95 ; Full board £4.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £6.95 ; full board £4.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £6.50 ; Full board £4.75 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £6.50 ; full board £4.75 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £18.95 ; Front sea view £6.25 ; Full board £3.25 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £18.95 ; front sea view £6.25 ; full board £3.25 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £9.95 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £9.95 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £10.25 ; Front lake view and balcony £2.75 ; Reductions per person per night : 3 pers. sharing mini apartment £2.25 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £10.25 ; front lake view and balcony £2.75 ; reductions per person per night : 3 pers. sharing mini apartment £2.25 .

Supplements per person per night : Double for sole occupancy ( on request ) £13.50 ; Full board £6.20 ; Front lake view £3.75 .
supplements per person per night : double for sole occupancy ( on [ask for] ) £13.50 ; full board £6.20 ; front lake view £3.75 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £6.25 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £6.25 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £9.50 ; Front lake view and balcony £4.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £9.50 ; front lake view and balcony £4.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £6.50 ; Front lake view and balcony £2.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £6.50 ; front lake view and balcony £2.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £5.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £5.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £22.75 ; Single room with lake view ( on request ) £34.95 ; Lake view £12.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £22.75 ; single room with lake view ( on [ask for] ) £34.95 ; lake view £12.50 .

Please indicate your request on the booking form .
please indicate your [ask for] on the booking form .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £3.95 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £3.95 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £9.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £9.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £13.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £13.50 .

Please indicate your request on your booking form .
please indicate your [ask for] on your booking form .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £5.95 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £5.95 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £5.95 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £5.95 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £6.75 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £6.75 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room £26.50 ; Lagoon view ( on request ) £17.95 .
supplements per person per night : single room £26.50 ; lagoon view ( on [ask for] ) £17.95 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £90.50 ; Half Board £63.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £90.50 ; half board £63.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( 1 Jul–31 Aug ) £42.50 , All other times £48.50 ; Lagoon view ( on request ) £59.95 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( 1 jul–31 aug ) £42.50 , all other times £48.50 ; lagoon view ( on [ask for] ) £59.95 .

Please indicate your request on the booking form .
please indicate your [ask for] on the booking form .

Supplements per person per night : Single room £33.50 ; Side view of canal ( on request ) £33.75 .
supplements per person per night : single room £33.50 ; side view of canal ( on [ask for] ) £33.75 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) 11 Jul–28 Aug £11.95 , ( all other times ) £15.75 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) 11 jul–28 aug £11.95 , ( all other times ) £15.75 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £10.95 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £10.95 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room on request 11 Jul–28 Aug £15.25 , All other times £19.95 .
supplements per person per night : single room on [ask for] 11 jul–28 aug £15.25 , all other times £19.95 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room £22.50 ; Duplex suite ( on request ) £20 .
supplements per person per night : single room £22.50 ; duplex suite ( on [ask for] ) £20 .

Please indicate your request on the booking form .
please indicate your [ask for] on the booking form .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £16.50 ; Half Board £18.25 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £16.50 ; half board £18.25 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room £13.75 ; Balcony ( on request ) £6.25 .
supplements per person per night : single room £13.75 ; balcony ( on [ask for] ) £6.25 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £10.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £10.50 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room ( on request ) £9.25 .
supplements per person per night : single room ( on [ask for] ) £9.25 .

They can obtain fresh produce such as eggs and milk from the estate , even request a selection of fresh vegetables from the surrounding fields .
they can obtain fresh produce such as eggs and milk from the estate , even [ask for] a selection of fresh vegetables from the surrounding fields .

Supplements per person per night : Twin for sole use ( on request ) £5.95 .
supplements per person per night : twin for sole use ( on [ask for] ) £5.95 .

Supplements per person per night : Twin for sole use ( on request ) £12.25 .
supplements per person per night : twin for sole use ( on [ask for] ) £12.25 .

Supplements per person per night : Single room £6.50 ; Suite ( on request ) £7.50 .
supplements per person per night : single room £6.50 ; suite ( on [ask for] ) £7.50 .

Both premedication with opioids and local anaesthetic block before incision delayed the request for analgesia after orthopaedic surgery when used individually — and , more impressively , in combination .
both premedication with opioids and local anaesthetic block before incision delayed the [ask for] for analgesia after orthopaedic surgery when used individually — and , more impressively , in combination .

In response to a request from a member we ask a named practitioner ( medical or alternative ) if he or she has evidence of efficacy that meets these criteria and , if not , if he or she is obtaining such evidence .
in response to a [ask for] from a member we ask a named practitioner ( medical or alternative ) if he or she has evidence of efficacy that meets these criteria and , if not , if he or she is obtaining such evidence .

Unless the bank manager is inherently sympathetic to aviation ( and probably even if he is ) then each lending request will be reviewed with some caution .
unless the bank manager is inherently sympathetic to aviation ( and probably even if he is ) then each lending [ask for] will be reviewed with some caution .

The parliament opened on 28 April with the usual request for a subsidy .
the parliament opened on 28 april with the usual [ask for] for a subsidy .

‘ He said we had not made an official request .
‘ he said we had not made an official [ask for] .

We have articles by doctors and scientist available on request that go into more detail than is possible here .
we have articles by doctors and scientist available on [ask for] that go into more detail than is possible here .

at the request of the Policyholder any person ( other than the person driving ) in or mounting into or dismounting from any motor9 car described in the Schedule
at the [ask for] of the policyholder any person ( other than the person driving ) in or mounting into or dismounting from any motor9 car described in the schedule

The Corporation will indemnify the Policyholder or at his request such other person as may be the owner of any rug clothing or personal effect against loss of or damage thereto by fire theft or attempted theft or by accidental means while in or on any motor car described in the Schedule
the corporation will indemnify the policyholder or at his [ask for] such other person as may be the owner of any rug clothing or personal effect against loss of or damage thereto by fire theft or attempted theft or by accidental means while in or on any motor car described in the schedule

Centres amy request cassette recordings of the passages set for Series 2 and Series 4 examinations .
centres amy [ask for] cassette recordings of the passages set for series 2 and series 4 examinations .

Centres may request cassette recordings of the passages set for Series 2 and Series 4 examinations .
centres may [ask for] cassette recordings of the passages set for series 2 and series 4 examinations .

Centres may request cassette recordings of the passages set for Series 2 and Series 4 examinations .
centres may [ask for] cassette recordings of the passages set for series 2 and series 4 examinations .

Rentokil produce a whole range of pest control services specifically tailored to the farming industry ; free surveys and recommendations are available on request .
rentokil produce a whole range of pest control services specifically tailored to the farming industry ; free surveys and recommendations are available on [ask for] .

Free surveys are available on request .
free surveys are available on [ask for] .

Request your surgeon to comment specifically on likelihood of return to work ; continuance in present employment , etc .
[ask for] your surgeon to comment specifically on likelihood of return to work ; continuance in present employment , etc .

That in the event of the cancellation or lapsing of any such policy , whether at the request of a joint policyholder or for non-payment of premium , or for any other reason , the Insurers will give the Society written notice of the cessation of cover .
that in the event of the cancellation or lapsing of any such policy , whether at the [ask for] of a joint policyholder or for non-payment of premium , or for any other reason , the insurers will give the society written notice of the cessation of cover .

That it will not require the Insurers to provide duplicate policies or confirmation of cover except that , in the event of the borrower failing to produce evidence of cover satisfactory to the Society at the time a policy is taken out , the Society may as an exception request the Insurers to confirm cover .
that it will not require the insurers to provide duplicate policies or confirmation of cover except that , in the event of the borrower failing to produce evidence of cover satisfactory to the society at the time a policy is taken out , the society may as an exception [ask for] the insurers to confirm cover .

clear information about the purpose and effect of scheduling or listing on request
clear information about the purpose and effect of scheduling or listing on [ask for]

Pensioner members who wish to take up this suggestion may do so by writing to the Honorary finance Officer stating when they retired/resigned from the Bank and quote their membership/staff number and , in their letter , incorporate a clear request that all or part of the sum be donated to the Frank Holden Defence Fund .
pensioner members who wish to take up this suggestion may do so by writing to the honorary finance officer stating when they retired/resigned from the bank and quote their membership/staff number and , in their letter , incorporate a clear [ask for] that all or part of the sum be donated to the frank holden defence fund .

We are concerned about developments and would request each Branch Representative to submit an up-to-date report to ‘ 93 ’ as we progress these issues .
we are concerned about developments and would [ask for] each branch representative to submit an up-to-date report to ‘ 93 ’ as we progress these issues .

The need for general , as opposed to financial guidance was the next most commonly cited request for support ( 34 % ) .
the need for general , as opposed to financial guidance was the next most commonly cited [ask for] for support ( 34 % ) .

The existence of a Letter of Credit which effectively guarantees payment [ see 1.4 above ] will assist the bank when considering a request for finance .
the existence of a letter of credit which effectively guarantees payment [ see 1.4 above ] will assist the bank when considering a [ask for] for finance .

Maintenance of property , plumbing and gardens , particularly the ponds , were discussed at length , along with a request to permit our qualified accountant , Miss Muriel Jones ( Hon .
maintenance of property , plumbing and gardens , particularly the ponds , were discussed at length , along with a [ask for] to permit our qualified accountant , miss muriel jones ( hon .

The Forum has tried to collect views through a biennial request to individual organisations and associations to bring forward suggested areas for research but this did not prove fruitful .
the forum has tried to collect views through a biennial [ask for] to individual organisations and associations to bring forward suggested areas for research but this did not prove fruitful .

The numbers you request from directory enquiries are read out to you by a speech generating computer ( other than a person ) .
the numbers you [ask for] from directory enquiries are read out to you by a speech generating computer ( other than a person ) .

The research reported here was carried out at the request of the Scottish Office Education Department in June and in November 1991 .
the research reported here was carried out at the [ask for] of the scottish office education department in june and in november 1991 .

In most cases , you will be required to request permission from your line manager before engaging in any political activity .
in most cases , you will be required to [ask for] permission from your line manager before engaging in any political activity .

Road Humps , ‘ Sleeping Policemen ’ Request from Councillor Fraser re the current progress on the location of these sites .
road humps , ‘ sleeping policemen ’ [ask for] from councillor fraser re the current progress on the location of these sites .

Request for attention to road subsidence at Baberton Avenue West Side near junction of Lanark Road .
[ask for] for attention to road subsidence at baberton avenue west side near junction of lanark road .

There has been a request for a disco , by both junior and senior sections and the possibility of holding one is being explored .
there has been a [ask for] for a disco , by both junior and senior sections and the possibility of holding one is being explored .

Request to hire hall for Birthday Party approved by Committee .
[ask for] to hire hall for birthday party approved by committee .

Request to rent hall for Cubs after Summer approved — cost to be negotiated .
[ask for] to rent hall for cubs after summer approved — cost to be negotiated .

Late request for the use of the hall for a Cub Disco on Friday 25 June was approved subject to availability .
late [ask for] for the use of the hall for a cub disco on friday 25 june was approved subject to availability .

Request for regular monthly visits to the hall and adequate maintenance .
[ask for] for regular monthly visits to the hall and adequate maintenance .

Request for better provision for play facilities for children and seating .
[ask for] for better provision for play facilities for children and seating .

Visits of Clerk of Works Visits will be made on a request basis .
visits of clerk of works visits will be made on a [ask for] basis .

Seats in Bloomiehall Park No response has been received to the request for seats and an improved play area .
seats in bloomiehall park no response has been received to the [ask for] for seats and an improved play area .

Request for attention to the eradication of water pooling outside the Candy Bar and half way up Baberton Avenue .
[ask for] for attention to the eradication of water pooling outside the candy bar and half way up baberton avenue .

The request for a pelican crossing on Lanark Road between Foulis Crescent and Baberton Crescent has been turned down but it was considered that a pedestrian island could be justified .
the [ask for] for a pelican crossing on lanark road between foulis crescent and baberton crescent has been turned down but it was considered that a pedestrian island could be justified .

c ) Request for further information regarding the feasibility of the provision of a pathway between Baberton Mains Wood and Baberton Mains Road .
c ) [ask for] for further information regarding the feasibility of the provision of a pathway between baberton mains wood and baberton mains road .

Request for footpath from Baberton Mains Wood to Baberton Mains Hill
[ask for] for footpath from baberton mains wood to baberton mains hill

Request for preservation of a group of trees on the west side of Wester Hailes Road and approximately mid way between the east of Viewfield Road and the Baberton Mains Roundabout .
[ask for] for preservation of a group of trees on the west side of wester hailes road and approximately mid way between the east of viewfield road and the baberton mains roundabout .

Request for renewal and/or replacement road lining in Balerno/Baberton division .
[ask for] for renewal and/or replacement road lining in balerno/baberton division .

Request that the scheme be extended to cover Balerno/Baberton area .
[ask for] that the scheme be extended to cover balerno/baberton area .

Request granted .
[ask for] granted .

Letter to Director of Highways expressing concern that no action has been taken in connection with the request for a footpath between Baberton Mains Wood and Baberton Mains Hill .
letter to director of highways expressing concern that no action has been taken in connection with the [ask for] for a footpath between baberton mains wood and baberton mains hill .

Request to consider action to clear up the patch at the top of Baberton Loan on the Lanark Road .
[ask for] to consider action to clear up the patch at the top of baberton loan on the lanark road .

Continued request to have a refuse island installed .
continued [ask for] to have a refuse island installed .

Request to have the lights restored on the pathway between Baberton Mains Loan and Baberton Crescent .
[ask for] to have the lights restored on the pathway between baberton mains loan and baberton crescent .

With reference to your letter of 22 July in which you request 4 days compassionate leave following the death of your mother .
with reference to your letter of 22 july in which you [ask for] 4 days compassionate leave following the death of your mother .

Your request for compassionate leave is , of course , granted .
your [ask for] for compassionate leave is , of course , granted .

With reference to your letter of 20 July in which you request special leave following the death of your mother .
with reference to your letter of 20 july in which you [ask for] special leave following the death of your mother .

Thank you for your letter of the 5 November 1992 enclosing the District Councils request for information for the preparation of the district wide local plan .
thank you for your letter of the 5 november 1992 enclosing the district councils [ask for] for information for the preparation of the district wide local plan .

If you feel able to respond to this request , the Regional Council will of course be most happy to pay your copying and other administrative charges .
if you feel able to respond to this [ask for] , the regional council will of course be most happy to pay your copying and other administrative charges .

Thank you for your letter of 2 November 1992 enquiring about progress with your request for a shelter at the eastbound bus stop on Milton Road East opposite Portobello Cemetery .
thank you for your letter of 2 november 1992 enquiring about progress with your [ask for] for a shelter at the eastbound bus stop on milton road east opposite portobello cemetery .

The District Council has now forwarded a request for information from the various Regional Council services to assist in the preparation of the local plan , a copy of which is enclosed .
the district council has now forwarded a [ask for] for information from the various regional council services to assist in the preparation of the local plan , a copy of which is enclosed .

The advertisement does not offer to supply , on request , a written quotation about the terms on which the creditor is prepared to do business .
the advertisement does not offer to supply , on [ask for] , a written quotation about the terms on which the creditor is prepared to do business .

Where a user makes a specific request to exercise their statutory right for an eyesight examination by an ophthalmic optician , either as an alternative to or in addition to the voluntary screening programme , then the request should be accommodated and during this interim period the user permitted to use an ophthalmic optician of their choice .
where a user makes a specific [ask for] to exercise their statutory right for an eyesight examination by an ophthalmic optician , either as an alternative to or in addition to the voluntary screening programme , then the [ask for] should be accommodated and during this interim period the user permitted to use an ophthalmic optician of their choice .

Of course members would not wish to lose their hard won membership , and a renewed request is now made for all 1992 subscriptions unpaid .
of course members would not wish to lose their hard won membership , and a renewed [ask for] is now made for all 1992 subscriptions unpaid .

Tutors/Students Packs ( Modular System ) By now all tutors should have received their free copy of the above , with a request from National Office to check the text and to advise of any errors or omissions without delay .
tutors/students packs ( modular system ) by now all tutors should have received their free copy of the above , with a [ask for] from national office to check the text and to advise of any errors or omissions without delay .

There was a request to Council to investigate the position of those who had completed the first module but were not registered and whether they should be allowed to attend the Keele Conference .
there was a [ask for] to council to investigate the position of those who had completed the first module but were not registered and whether they should be allowed to attend the keele conference .

Brochure available on request .
brochure available on [ask for] .

‘ Let the man have his dying request , Barry .
‘ let the man have his dying [ask for] , barry .

Simply fill in the visit request form at the back of the prospectus and send it in to us in good time .
simply fill in the visit [ask for] form at the back of the prospectus and send it in to us in good time .

To arrange a visit , or for further details of the pre-application visiting days , please send in the visit request form at the back of the prospectus .
to arrange a visit , or for further details of the pre-application visiting days , please send in the visit [ask for] form at the back of the prospectus .

Supplementary information leaflets on most subjects taught in the University are available from us on request .
supplementary information leaflets on most subjects taught in the university are available from us on [ask for] .

These and other publications about the University and its facilities are listed on the Request for Further Information form at the back of the prospectus .
these and other publications about the university and its facilities are listed on the [ask for] for further information form at the back of the prospectus .

Further details regarding the definition and exception can be provided on request to the Registry at the address given on page 157 .
further details regarding the definition and exception can be provided on [ask for] to the registry at the address given on page 157 .

The University will confirm receipt on request to the Registry .
the university will confirm receipt on [ask for] to the registry .

These , and other areas , are described more fully in the supplementary material which is available from most departments on request .
these , and other areas , are described more fully in the supplementary material which is available from most departments on [ask for] .

Fresh coffee was provided and , at Milton 's request , Amiss left the door open when he departed .
fresh coffee was provided and , at milton 's [ask for] , amiss left the door open when he departed .

Loretta turned to Simmons , feeling it was not an auspicious moment to trouble the porter with a sensitive request .
loretta turned to simmons , feeling it was not an auspicious moment to trouble the porter with a sensitive [ask for] .

It was at this point , Simmons said later , that he realized their request was bound to fail .
it was at this point , simmons said later , that he realized their [ask for] was bound to fail .

It was a request from a colleague : he 'd be grateful if she could cast her eye over an article he 'd written for a quarterly journal , by Friday if possible .
it was a [ask for] from a colleague : he 'd be grateful if she could cast her eye over an article he 'd written for a quarterly journal , by friday if possible .

‘ Quite , ’ he said warily , sensing she was about to make a request of him .
‘ quite , ’ he said warily , sensing she was about to make a [ask for] of him .

After all , Veronica 's request to use the flat in rue Roland two months before the murder , and the odd business with the keys afterwards , remained unexplained .
after all , veronica 's [ask for] to use the flat in rue roland two months before the murder , and the odd business with the keys afterwards , remained unexplained .

She could address a letter to ‘ the occupier ’ , but so impersonal a request might well go unheeded .
she could address a letter to ‘ the occupier ’ , but so impersonal a [ask for] might well go unheeded .

In 59 % ‘ some information ’ was available about the patient 's possible wishes ; in 30 % no medical consultation had taken place ; in nearly 20 % the family was not told what was happening ; and in 40 % , the killing was at the family 's request .
in 59 % ‘ some information ’ was available about the patient 's possible wishes ; in 30 % no medical consultation had taken place ; in nearly 20 % the family was not told what was happening ; and in 40 % , the killing was at the family 's [ask for] .

The reasons for referral were either at the patient 's request because of an unwillingness to undergo an operation ( 70 % ) or because the patient was a high operative risk ( 30 % ) .
the reasons for referral were either at the patient 's [ask for] because of an unwillingness to undergo an operation ( 70 % ) or because the patient was a high operative risk ( 30 % ) .

In this report we present an alysis of 472 gastric emptying studies carried out in the Department of Nuclear Medicine , Royal Liverpool University Hospital between 1981 and 1991 at the request of consultant clinicians in hospitals throughout the Mersey Region .
in this report we present an alysis of 472 gastric emptying studies carried out in the department of nuclear medicine , royal liverpool university hospital between 1981 and 1991 at the [ask for] of consultant clinicians in hospitals throughout the mersey region .

There were 47 control studies , 50 research studies ( no clinical diagnostic problem ) , and 375 studies carried out as part of the clinical service offered by the Department , at the request of consultant clinicians .
there were 47 control studies , 50 research studies ( no clinical diagnostic problem ) , and 375 studies carried out as part of the clinical service offered by the department , at the [ask for] of consultant clinicians .

In this study the number and type of referrals , and the test methods and results have been obtained from contemporaneous files of duplicate request and result forms kept in the Department of Nuclear Medicine in which complete records are held .
in this study the number and type of referrals , and the test methods and results have been obtained from contemporaneous files of duplicate [ask for] and result forms kept in the department of nuclear medicine in which complete records are held .

From the clinical perspective , services should be available to all who request them .
from the clinical perspective , services should be available to all who [ask for] them .

At the request of the Tadjik government , the Association Européenne de Developpement de Santé , and Médecins Sans Frontières , we reviewed data collected in the hospitals of Farkhar and the ten surrounding kolkhozes ( state-run farms serving 5000–10,000 people ) .
at the [ask for] of the tadjik government , the association européenne de developpement de santé , and médecins sans frontières , we reviewed data collected in the hospitals of farkhar and the ten surrounding kolkhozes ( state-run farms serving 5000–10,000 people ) .

Tate was clearly surprised and irritated by the request but after a moment or two of hesitation he said : ‘ Very well , if you wish .
tate was clearly surprised and irritated by the [ask for] but after a moment or two of hesitation he said : ‘ very well , if you wish .

‘ Seems a reasonable enough request to me .
‘ seems a reasonable enough [ask for] to me .

King John , knowing full well Sir Hugo 's ‘ thing about his bald spot ’ and considering this pretty cheap at the price , gave the request the Royal thumbs up .
king john , knowing full well sir hugo 's ‘ thing about his bald spot ’ and considering this pretty cheap at the price , gave the [ask for] the royal thumbs up .

He also left his address , with a request that a receipt be sent on to him .
he also left his address , with a [ask for] that a receipt be sent on to him .

When Option 9.6.0 is used , if any offline request ( Store or Restore ) has not been serviced during the specified period of days it will be reported .
when option 9.6.0 is used , if any offline [ask for] ( store or restore ) has not been serviced during the specified period of days it will be reported .

As much background information and external references as are required to support the request ; in particular , references to Software Performance Reports ( see Section 7 of this manual for more information ) and other DCs .
as much background information and external references as are required to support the [ask for] ; in particular , references to software performance reports ( see section 7 of this manual for more information ) and other dcs .

When the Offline System has finished work on a particular media item it will request the Offline Operator to dismount that item .
when the offline system has finished work on a particular media item it will [ask for] the offline operator to dismount that item .

To check that everything is set up correctly , submit a package to be offlined , using Option 9.1.0 , Request Package to be Offlined .
to check that everything is set up correctly , submit a package to be offlined , using option 9.1.0 , [ask for] package to be offlined .

In the case where one or more modules in the package are offline , you will be instructed to repeat the request later when all modules are online .
in the case where one or more modules in the package are offline , you will be instructed to repeat the [ask for] later when all modules are online .

In the case where one or more modules in the package are offline , you will be instructed to repeat the request later when all modules are online .
in the case where one or more modules in the package are offline , you will be instructed to repeat the [ask for] later when all modules are online .

The date on which the order request was received , in the form dd-MMM-yyyy .
the date on which the order [ask for] was received , in the form dd-mmm-yyyy .

The date on which the order request was received , in the form dd-MMM-yyyy .
the date on which the order [ask for] was received , in the form dd-mmm-yyyy .

Request Package To Be Offlined
[ask for] package to be offlined

This option enables you to request a package to be offlined .
this option enables you to [ask for] a package to be offlined .

An unexpected internal error has occurred while processing your request .
an unexpected internal error has occurred while processing your [ask for] .

Repeat the request again .
repeat the [ask for] again .

Failure in request to update facilities
failure in [ask for] to update facilities

Module Details request processed successfully
module details [ask for] processed successfully

The module details request has been processed successfully .
the module details [ask for] has been processed successfully .

You should either supply the password required ( if known ) or request access to the password from the manager of the package .
you should either supply the password required ( if known ) or [ask for] access to the password from the manager of the package .

Repeat the request at a later time or repeat the request with a different set of data .
repeat the [ask for] at a later time or repeat the [ask for] with a different set of data .

Repeat the request at a later time or repeat the request with a different set of data .
repeat the [ask for] at a later time or repeat the [ask for] with a different set of data .

Repeat the request at a later time or repeat the request with a different set of data .
repeat the [ask for] at a later time or repeat the [ask for] with a different set of data .

You should either supply the password required ( if known ) or request access to the password from the manager of the module .
you should either supply the password required ( if known ) or [ask for] access to the password from the manager of the module .

Repeat the request at a later time or repeat the request with a different set of data .
repeat the [ask for] at a later time or repeat the [ask for] with a different set of data .

Repeat the request at a later time or repeat the request with a different set of data .
repeat the [ask for] at a later time or repeat the [ask for] with a different set of data .

Repeat the request at a later time or repeat the request with a different set of data .
repeat the [ask for] at a later time or repeat the [ask for] with a different set of data .

Repeat the request at a later time or repeat the request with a different user name .
repeat the [ask for] at a later time or repeat the [ask for] with a different user name .

Repeat the request at a later time or repeat the request with a different set of data .
repeat the [ask for] at a later time or repeat the [ask for] with a different set of data .

Repeat the request at a later time or repeat the request with a different set of data .
repeat the [ask for] at a later time or repeat the [ask for] with a different set of data .

Repeat the request at a later time or repeat the request with a different start user name .
repeat the [ask for] at a later time or repeat the [ask for] with a different start user name .

You should either supply the password(s) required ( if known ) or request access to the password(s) from the manager(s) of the module(s) .
you should either supply the password(s) required ( if known ) or [ask for] access to the password(s) from the manager(s) of the module(s) .

Offline request processed successfully
offline [ask for] processed successfully

The offline request has been processed successfully .
the offline [ask for] has been processed successfully .

Product request processed successfully
product [ask for] processed successfully

The product request has been processed successfully .
the product [ask for] has been processed successfully .

The request to approve a package has been processed successfully .
the [ask for] to approve a package has been processed successfully .

Request the package manager to submit the package .
[ask for] the package manager to submit the package .

You should request preparation of approval listings using option 1.5.2 — Prepare Package For Approval .
you should [ask for] preparation of approval listings using option 1.5.2 — prepare package for approval .

You should try the request again at a later time .
you should try the [ask for] again at a later time .

Request processed successfully
[ask for] processed successfully

Correct the errors indicated in the scrolled area of the Approval Modules page and repeat the request again .
correct the errors indicated in the scrolled area of the approval modules page and repeat the [ask for] again .

User Details request processed successfully
user details [ask for] processed successfully

The request for user information has been successfully processed .
the [ask for] for user information has been successfully processed .

To check that an offline run can be performed , submit a package to be offlined using option 9.1.0 , Request Package to be Offlined .
to check that an offline run can be performed , submit a package to be offlined using option 9.1.0 , [ask for] package to be offlined .

Two of them have primarily only been available as a single video `` Race to the Stars , `` but by popular request are now available as individual programmes .
two of them have primarily only been available as a single video `` race to the stars , `` but by popular [ask for] are now available as individual programmes .

At this meeting there was a further request for two additional carpets for the dais , where the two thrones are situated .
at this meeting there was a further [ask for] for two additional carpets for the dais , where the two thrones are situated .

An outside agency , experts on tele sales , spent four days teaching how to deal with every conceivable request that a customer could make .
an outside agency , experts on tele sales , spent four days teaching how to deal with every conceivable [ask for] that a customer could make .

In response to a request by the local Labour party , Stoddards invited Neil Kinnock to visit the factory during the lead up to the two Paisley by-elections in November .
in response to a [ask for] by the local labour party , stoddards invited neil kinnock to visit the factory during the lead up to the two paisley by-elections in november .

Generally the remains are collected from vets and cremated in bulk unless there is a special request for ashes in which case the pet would be dealt with separately .
generally the remains are collected from vets and cremated in bulk unless there is a special [ask for] for ashes in which case the pet would be dealt with separately .

The young widow came back to the ballroom to make one last request .
the young widow came back to the ballroom to make one last [ask for] .

The engineer may request , especially at the tender stage , full details of the proposed resources and the contractor ' pricing notes .
the engineer may [ask for] , especially at the tender stage , full details of the proposed resources and the contractor ' pricing notes .

To aid the overall analysis of the contractor 's programmes it is often appropriate to request at tender detailed programmes for each structure or major work area programmes for shutter , falsework and scaffolding erection and movement resource schedules against work elements , and movement charts for labour and plant .
to aid the overall analysis of the contractor 's programmes it is often appropriate to [ask for] at tender detailed programmes for each structure or major work area programmes for shutter , falsework and scaffolding erection and movement resource schedules against work elements , and movement charts for labour and plant .

She called the Diocesan Office of Special Religious Education to request help in preparing Todd for the Sacrament and mentioned the chaplain 's reluctance to give Communion because of Todd 's lack of verbal ability .
she called the diocesan office of special religious education to [ask for] help in preparing todd for the sacrament and mentioned the chaplain 's reluctance to give communion because of todd 's lack of verbal ability .

Easter and winter opening times on request .
easter and winter opening times on [ask for] .

Landsbergis , meeting Gorbachev in Moscow at the latter 's request on June 26 , had been told that a moratorium would signal a return by Lithuania to its pre-March 11 status , and Landsbergis claimed that this meant that negotiations would formally be between the Soviet Union and one of its constituent republics .
landsbergis , meeting gorbachev in moscow at the latter 's [ask for] on june 26 , had been told that a moratorium would signal a return by lithuania to its pre-march 11 status , and landsbergis claimed that this meant that negotiations would formally be between the soviet union and one of its constituent republics .

With a 1989 inflation rate of 5.4 per cent , the Council of Economic Ministers approved a new set of anti-inflation measures on Dec. 11 , 1989 , although Finance Minister Pramual Sabhavasu refused to raise interest rates , rejecting a request from the Bank of Thailand ( the central bank ) for a 1.5-2 per cent increase in the maximum loan rate .
with a 1989 inflation rate of 5.4 per cent , the council of economic ministers approved a new set of anti-inflation measures on dec. 11 , 1989 , although finance minister pramual sabhavasu refused to raise interest rates , rejecting a [ask for] from the bank of thailand ( the central bank ) for a 1.5-2 per cent increase in the maximum loan rate .

This request was refused , but 600 French paratroopers based at Port Bouet were placed on alert .
this [ask for] was refused , but 600 french paratroopers based at port bouet were placed on alert .

Prime Minister Bird responded by announcing the establishment of a judicial inquiry and agreeing to a request by Bird Jr to be relieved of official duties until the matter had been resolved .
prime minister bird responded by announcing the establishment of a judicial inquiry and agreeing to a [ask for] by bird jr to be relieved of official duties until the matter had been resolved .

Armitage suggested that the shortfall for fiscal 1990 was $ 96,000,000 and had arisen from cuts in Bush 's aid request imposed by Congress , whereas Manglapus claimed that the true figure , based on the estimated cost of other `` unfulfilled promises `` , was $ 222,580,000 .
armitage suggested that the shortfall for fiscal 1990 was $ 96,000,000 and had arisen from cuts in bush 's aid [ask for] imposed by congress , whereas manglapus claimed that the true figure , based on the estimated cost of other `` unfulfilled promises `` , was $ 222,580,000 .

Evening party books on request Telephone Harlow 31947
evening party books on [ask for] telephone harlow 31947

Full day care facilities are available on request .
full day care facilities are available on [ask for] .

Feb. 7 , 1990 Lithuanian Supreme Soviet condemns July 1940 request for accession to Soviet Union .
feb. 7 , 1990 lithuanian supreme soviet condemns july 1940 [ask for] for accession to soviet union .

On April 1 King Birendra , at the request of Prime Minister Marich Man Singh Shrestha , dismissed nine ministers who were reported to be unhappy with the government 's tough line .
on april 1 king birendra , at the [ask for] of prime minister marich man singh shrestha , dismissed nine ministers who were reported to be unhappy with the government 's tough line .

Although Sharir did not confirm his defection until April 7 , Peres informed President Chaim Herzog on April 4 that he had succeeded in gaining a majority and intended to request that the Knesset be reconvened from its Passover recess for a vote of confidence .
although sharir did not confirm his defection until april 7 , peres informed president chaim herzog on april 4 that he had succeeded in gaining a majority and intended to [ask for] that the knesset be reconvened from its passover recess for a vote of confidence .

Other cuts approved in the revised defence budget on Nov. 29 included a $400,000,000 reduction in the $1,800 million procurement programme for the Trident 2 ballistic missile [ for whose failure in test firings see p. 36861 ] , and a $11,000,000 cut in the $216,000,000 request for testing the missiles .
other cuts approved in the revised defence budget on nov. 29 included a $400,000,000 reduction in the $1,800 million procurement programme for the trident 2 ballistic missile [ for whose failure in test firings see p. 36861 ] , and a $11,000,000 cut in the $216,000,000 [ask for] for testing the missiles .

Opposition leaders had rejected a request from the then Government Leader in the House , Doug Lewis , to recall the Commons for an emergency session on April 26 .
opposition leaders had rejected a [ask for] from the then government leader in the house , doug lewis , to recall the commons for an emergency session on april 26 .

On July 3 Doe had reportedly agreed to resign at the request of a deputation of his remaining allies , including Vice-President Harry Moniba and Samuel Hill , the Speaker of the House of Representatives ( parliament ) , on condition that his own safety and that of the Khran people was assured .
on july 3 doe had reportedly agreed to resign at the [ask for] of a deputation of his remaining allies , including vice-president harry moniba and samuel hill , the speaker of the house of representatives ( parliament ) , on condition that his own safety and that of the khran people was assured .

The talks were arranged at Frelimo 's request by the Italian government and the Vatican , apparently without the knowledge of Presidents Daniel arap Moi of Kenya and Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe , who had attempted to mediate in the conflict .
the talks were arranged at frelimo 's [ask for] by the italian government and the vatican , apparently without the knowledge of presidents daniel arap moi of kenya and robert mugabe of zimbabwe , who had attempted to mediate in the conflict .

She was flown by private jet to the Zambian capital Lusaka , following a personal request for her release made by Zambia 's President Kenneth Kaunda to President Saddam Hussein of Iraq .
she was flown by private jet to the zambian capital lusaka , following a personal [ask for] for her release made by zambia 's president kenneth kaunda to president saddam hussein of iraq .

President George Bush presented a $ 1,233,300 million federal budget request for the fiscal year 1991 ( beginning on Oct. 1 , 1990 ) in an address to the joint Houses of Congress on Jan. 29 .
president george bush presented a $ 1,233,300 million federal budget [ask for] for the fiscal year 1991 ( beginning on oct. 1 , 1990 ) in an address to the joint houses of congress on jan. 29 .

Defence Secretary Richard Cheney gave details of the $ 295,000 million defence budget request contained within the Bush budget .
defence secretary richard cheney gave details of the $ 295,000 million defence budget [ask for] contained within the bush budget .

The budget included a request for $ 15,000 million for foreign aid , an increase of $ 1,000 million compared with 1990 .
the budget included a [ask for] for $ 15,000 million for foreign aid , an increase of $ 1,000 million compared with 1990 .

During the past year numerous threats had been made against Motoshima 's life by right-wing elements , and the shooting occurred only weeks after the police had , at the mayor 's request , withdrawn a 24-hour bodyguard .
during the past year numerous threats had been made against motoshima 's life by right-wing elements , and the shooting occurred only weeks after the police had , at the mayor 's [ask for] , withdrawn a 24-hour bodyguard .

In late December , the leader of the Democrat Party ( one component of the ruling six-party coalition ) , Bichai Rattakul , had resigned as Deputy Prime Minister [ see p. 37121 ] following the rejection of his request for a Cabinet review of Thamrong 's appointment .
in late december , the leader of the democrat party ( one component of the ruling six-party coalition ) , bichai rattakul , had resigned as deputy prime minister [ see p. 37121 ] following the rejection of his [ask for] for a cabinet review of thamrong 's appointment .

Following the recommendation of its armed services committee , the Senate passed a defence bill by 79 votes to 16 on Aug. 4 , which imposed deep cuts , amounting to $ 18,000 million , in the defence budget request of $ 307,000 million put forward by Bush for fiscal 1991 ( beginning October 1990 ) .
following the recommendation of its armed services committee , the senate passed a defence bill by 79 votes to 16 on aug. 4 , which imposed deep cuts , amounting to $ 18,000 million , in the defence budget [ask for] of $ 307,000 million put forward by bush for fiscal 1991 ( beginning october 1990 ) .

The bill passed by the armed services committee of the House on July 31 cut $ 24,000 million from the administration 's request .
the bill passed by the armed services committee of the house on july 31 cut $ 24,000 million from the administration 's [ask for] .

Although she refused to declare a state of emergency , loyal forces were placed on full alert and , at the government 's request , the House of Representatives approved legislation which made participation in a coup attempt a specific crime punishable with up to life imprisonment .
although she refused to declare a state of emergency , loyal forces were placed on full alert and , at the government 's [ask for] , the house of representatives approved legislation which made participation in a coup attempt a specific crime punishable with up to life imprisonment .

However , on Nov. 15 at the request of Barschel 's family an appeals court agreed to reopen the case for further examination .
however , on nov. 15 at the [ask for] of barschel 's family an appeals court agreed to reopen the case for further examination .

This allowed an individual citizen to request that case be referred to the Constitutional Council if he or she felt that fundamental rights were being undermined .
this allowed an individual citizen to [ask for] that case be referred to the constitutional council if he or she felt that fundamental rights were being undermined .

In the face of the Mohawks ' continued uncompromising stance , the Ottawa government on Aug. 8 agreed to the Quebec government 's request that troops be mobilized , but also appointed Alan Gold , chief justice of the Quebec Superior Court , as a mediator in future negotiations .
in the face of the mohawks ' continued uncompromising stance , the ottawa government on aug. 8 agreed to the quebec government 's [ask for] that troops be mobilized , but also appointed alan gold , chief justice of the quebec superior court , as a mediator in future negotiations .

While Soviet forces remained in Germany , forces from the other three wartime allies would remain in Berlin `` at German request `` . ``
while soviet forces remained in germany , forces from the other three wartime allies would remain in berlin `` at german [ask for] `` . ``

Prisoners were also given the right to request a review of their trial and sentence , by an independent committee .
prisoners were also given the right to [ask for] a review of their trial and sentence , by an independent committee .

Following a further visit to Paris for talks with Mitterrand and French Prime Minister Michel Rocard on May 28-29 , Mazowiecki said that he had received support for Polish demands over the Polish-German border issue , as well as its request to participate in the `` two-plus-four `` talks on German unification [ see also above ] .
following a further visit to paris for talks with mitterrand and french prime minister michel rocard on may 28-29 , mazowiecki said that he had received support for polish demands over the polish-german border issue , as well as its [ask for] to participate in the `` two-plus-four `` talks on german unification [ see also above ] .

Under the revised law on citizenship , this could only be lost by citizens at their own request .
under the revised law on citizenship , this could only be lost by citizens at their own [ask for] .

Asylum request by former minister
asylum [ask for] by former minister

Certain unspecified revisions were made at the request of the Council of Constitutional Guardians .
certain unspecified revisions were made at the [ask for] of the council of constitutional guardians .

In line with a January 1990 central government request for the resignation of all State governors , Vice-Adml .
in line with a january 1990 central government [ask for] for the resignation of all state governors , vice-adml .

The last contingent of 160 officers and men of the Parachute Battalion of the Indian Army left the Maldives on Nov. 3 , 1989 , a year after a detachment totalling 1,200 men of the same unit had intervened at the request of the Maldivian President , Abdul Gayoom , to put down an attempted coup [ see p. 36350 ] .
the last contingent of 160 officers and men of the parachute battalion of the indian army left the maldives on nov. 3 , 1989 , a year after a detachment totalling 1,200 men of the same unit had intervened at the [ask for] of the maldivian president , abdul gayoom , to put down an attempted coup [ see p. 36350 ] .

Most should be obtainable at university/polytechnic careers offices , or at local reference libraries where you may need to request them .
most should be obtainable at university/polytechnic careers offices , or at local reference libraries where you may need to [ask for] them .

Oliver North made a formal request to the Federal Appeals Court on Feb. 6 to overturn his three convictions arising from the Iran-contra scandal .
oliver north made a formal [ask for] to the federal appeals court on feb. 6 to overturn his three convictions arising from the iran-contra scandal .

Iliescu , in an emergency television news bulletin on Feb. 16 , announced Militaru 's resignation , stating that he had accepted a `` request to remove the General `` .
iliescu , in an emergency television news bulletin on feb. 16 , announced militaru 's resignation , stating that he had accepted a `` [ask for] to remove the general `` .

On July 24 , following its return from Brazil , a request to unload its contents in Rotterdam had been refused by the Netherlands Environment Ministry .
on july 24 , following its return from brazil , a [ask for] to unload its contents in rotterdam had been refused by the netherlands environment ministry .

( If they are not on the shelves , you can always request them on inter-library loan . )
( if they are not on the shelves , you can always [ask for] them on inter-library loan . )

In particular consider time limits — both for enacting and for advising , perhaps the performers have to spend at least a minute improvising before they can request advice .
in particular consider time limits — both for enacting and for advising , perhaps the performers have to spend at least a minute improvising before they can [ask for] advice .

If you ask such a child `` How should we respond to the aliens ' request for help ? ``
if you ask such a child `` how should we respond to the aliens ' [ask for] for help ? ``

Nevertheless it still had its American critics who asked what was really meant by the general references to aid programmes and to the use of American forces at the request of Middle Eastern states against `` overt aggression from any nation controlled by International Communism `` .
nevertheless it still had its american critics who asked what was really meant by the general references to aid programmes and to the use of american forces at the [ask for] of middle eastern states against `` overt aggression from any nation controlled by international communism `` .

Not surprisingly the British achieved little with their request for direct American support in their dispute with Indonesia over Malaysia .
not surprisingly the british achieved little with their [ask for] for direct american support in their dispute with indonesia over malaysia .

That this was a problem of significance is suggested by the request of bishop Dalmatius of Rodez , that his successor should not be a stranger to the diocese .
that this was a problem of significance is suggested by the [ask for] of bishop dalmatius of rodez , that his successor should not be a stranger to the diocese .

If a discount house finds itself short of funds after the Bank 's main bill business has been concluded , it can request to borrow on a secured basis from the Bank .
if a discount house finds itself short of funds after the bank 's main bill business has been concluded , it can [ask for] to borrow on a secured basis from the bank .

In France intermittent discussion from 1879 onwards , in which the advocates of change often pointed to Britain and Germany as models , bore fruit at last in the sending in 1904 of a commercial attaché to London at the special request of the embassy there : by 1908 the French diplomatic service included six such appointments .
in france intermittent discussion from 1879 onwards , in which the advocates of change often pointed to britain and germany as models , bore fruit at last in the sending in 1904 of a commercial attaché to london at the special [ask for] of the embassy there : by 1908 the french diplomatic service included six such appointments .

Evidence of the difficulties experienced in trying to combine the demands of active life with those of inner quietness can be found in the request for help answered by Walter Hilton in his Mixed Life and by the courageous attempt of Margery Kempe to live out her faith .
evidence of the difficulties experienced in trying to combine the demands of active life with those of inner quietness can be found in the [ask for] for help answered by walter hilton in his mixed life and by the courageous attempt of margery kempe to live out her faith .

However , each request should be considered on its own merits on the basis of the criteria set out above .
however , each [ask for] should be considered on its own merits on the basis of the criteria set out above .

In large organisations it may be difficult to identify the correct individual . An approach , born of experience , to overcome this problem is to request to speak to the finance director 's secretary and to explain to her :
in large organisations it may be difficult to identify the correct individual . an approach , born of experience , to overcome this problem is to [ask for] to speak to the finance director 's secretary and to explain to her :

It is normal to request respondents to advertisements whether they telephone or write , to :
it is normal to [ask for] respondents to advertisements whether they telephone or write , to :

Request for exclusive acquisition advice
[ask for] for exclusive acquisition advice

0612.2 Request for exclusive acquisition advice
0612.2 [ask for] for exclusive acquisition advice

In this situation , an initiating member receives a request from a client in his country who has already identified an acquisition target in a participating member 's jurisdiction and , indeed , may already have commenced the acquisition process . As a result , the initating member has been asked to contact the participating member to elicit general or specifically defined acquisition advisery assistance , which could take the form of :
in this situation , an initiating member receives a [ask for] from a client in his country who has already identified an acquisition target in a participating member 's jurisdiction and , indeed , may already have commenced the acquisition process . as a result , the initating member has been asked to contact the participating member to elicit general or specifically defined acquisition advisery assistance , which could take the form of :

The normal expectation is that a Request for Exclusive Acquisition Advice will result in a fee-paying engagement for the participating member 's firm .
the normal expectation is that a [ask for] for exclusive acquisition advice will result in a fee-paying engagement for the participating member 's firm .

Request for Exclusive Acquisition Advice
[ask for] for exclusive acquisition advice

In your initial contact with the participating member , identify the situation as a Request for Exclusive Acquisition Advice .
in your initial contact with the participating member , identify the situation as a [ask for] for exclusive acquisition advice .

In this situation , an initiating member receives a request from a client in his country for assistance , to be provided by the participating member , in making initial contact with an acquisition target .
in this situation , an initiating member receives a [ask for] from a client in his country for assistance , to be provided by the participating member , in making initial contact with an acquisition target .

Consider whether the participating member should be given the opportunity to discuss details of the request with the client .
consider whether the participating member should be given the opportunity to discuss details of the [ask for] with the client .

Nevertheless , we should be prepared , at our client 's request to provide advice on matters included .
nevertheless , we should be prepared , at our client 's [ask for] to provide advice on matters included .

The most common occasion when the agreement is drafted by the seller 's solicitors is when the seller is offering a company on a tender basis under which information about the company , together with a draft contract , is sent out to those who express interest and they are required by a specified date to indicate the price they would be prepared to pay for the company and , often , the changes that they would request to the contract .
the most common occasion when the agreement is drafted by the seller 's solicitors is when the seller is offering a company on a tender basis under which information about the company , together with a draft contract , is sent out to those who express interest and they are required by a specified date to indicate the price they would be prepared to pay for the company and , often , the changes that they would [ask for] to the contract .

If there is more than one person giving warranties or indemnities , the acquirer will request that the warranties are a joint and several liability .
if there is more than one person giving warranties or indemnities , the acquirer will [ask for] that the warranties are a joint and several liability .

‘ fair value ’ valuations at the request of all shareholders
‘ fair value ’ valuations at the [ask for] of all shareholders

It is desirable to specifically request from the client 's lawyers that they will advise the Firm where they believe they have a conflict of interest in advising both their client and the Firm regarding the proposed transaction .
it is desirable to specifically [ask for] from the client 's lawyers that they will advise the firm where they believe they have a conflict of interest in advising both their client and the firm regarding the proposed transaction .

Directors are expected to co-operate with the Panel in connection with its enquiries , by providing promptly on request , copies of minutes of board meetings and other information in their possession , or in the possession of the offeror or offeree company as appropriate .
directors are expected to co-operate with the panel in connection with its enquiries , by providing promptly on [ask for] , copies of minutes of board meetings and other information in their possession , or in the possession of the offeror or offeree company as appropriate .

As a matter of courtesy we generally release the Information memorandum to accountants acting for the would-be buyer unless they request it be sent direct to their clients .
as a matter of courtesy we generally release the information memorandum to accountants acting for the would-be buyer unless they [ask for] it be sent direct to their clients .

Whilst we may agree , at your request , to release a draft of our report at any stage prior to completion of the services set out in this letter , the suitability of a draft for release is a matter for our judgement , and we reserve the right not to release a draft it , if in our view , release is not appropriate .
whilst we may agree , at your [ask for] , to release a draft of our report at any stage prior to completion of the services set out in this letter , the suitability of a draft for release is a matter for our judgement , and we reserve the right not to release a draft it , if in our view , release is not appropriate .

The Information memorandum and covering letter will establish your price expectation , while avoiding a maximum price , set out the sale procedure and the intended timetable and invite the interested parties to make indicative offers . We will also request that the following issues are addressed in their indicative offers :
the information memorandum and covering letter will establish your price expectation , while avoiding a maximum price , set out the sale procedure and the intended timetable and invite the interested parties to make indicative offers . we will also [ask for] that the following issues are addressed in their indicative offers :

We shall if you request , negotiate in the capacity of professional advisers on your behalf within pre-agreed negotiating parameters or instructions .
we shall if you [ask for] , negotiate in the capacity of professional advisers on your behalf within pre-agreed negotiating parameters or instructions .

We shall if you request , negotiate in the capacity of professional advisers on your behalf within pre-agreed negotiating parameters or instructions but it is our policy not to take decisions on your behalf .
we shall if you [ask for] , negotiate in the capacity of professional advisers on your behalf within pre-agreed negotiating parameters or instructions but it is our policy not to take decisions on your behalf .

If at any time you should decide not to pursue your interest in [ name ] or upon request by [ selling agent ] or any one of the shareholders you will return promptly all material ( including any copies thereof ) received from [ selling agent ] or the shareholders , or any of their representatives .
if at any time you should decide not to pursue your interest in [ name ] or upon [ask for] by [ selling agent ] or any one of the shareholders you will return promptly all material ( including any copies thereof ) received from [ selling agent ] or the shareholders , or any of their representatives .

1102.21 Request for return of information memorandum
1102.21 [ask for] for return of information memorandum

There is , however , an increasing trend in corporate finance assignments for clients to request accountants and other professional advisers to sign confidentiality agreements as a precondition of their involvement as advisers on proposed transactions .
there is , however , an increasing trend in corporate finance assignments for clients to [ask for] accountants and other professional advisers to sign confidentiality agreements as a precondition of their involvement as advisers on proposed transactions .

There is , however , an increasing trend in corporate finance assignments for clients to request accountants and other professional advisers to sign confidentiality agreements as a precondition of their involvement as advisers on proposed transactions .
there is , however , an increasing trend in corporate finance assignments for clients to [ask for] accountants and other professional advisers to sign confidentiality agreements as a precondition of their involvement as advisers on proposed transactions .

This is not an unreasonable request , unless of course there have been ‘ true ’ representations — eg an information memorandum about the Business — which may well have induced the Purchaser to start negotiations .
this is not an unreasonable [ask for] , unless of course there have been ‘ true ’ representations — eg an information memorandum about the business — which may well have induced the purchaser to start negotiations .

Having purchased faulty goods , you can return to the shop ( within a short time of purchase ) and request a refund of money .
having purchased faulty goods , you can return to the shop ( within a short time of purchase ) and [ask for] a refund of money .

Lance-Corporal Anthony Cork , from land , was buried in Northern Ireland at the request of his Lisburn wife Irene .
lance-corporal anthony cork , from land , was buried in northern ireland at the [ask for] of his lisburn wife irene .

Prominent Dail Deputy Brendan McGahon lashed out after Minister Maire turned down his request to end the scandal by which the Provos issue murder statements in Dublin .
prominent dail deputy brendan mcgahon lashed out after minister maire turned down his [ask for] to end the scandal by which the provos issue murder statements in dublin .

There is a format which we try to follow in the lay-out of Touchline and would request that you supply the information in the same way :
there is a format which we try to follow in the lay-out of touchline and would [ask for] that you supply the information in the same way :

Analysis request forms should be completed and forwarded to the Drug Control and Teaching Centre to be received no later than 28 days prior to the event .
analysis [ask for] forms should be completed and forwarded to the drug control and teaching centre to be received no later than 28 days prior to the event .

3 , 4 or 5 star hotels can also be arranged on request .
3 , 4 or 5 star hotels can also be arranged on [ask for] .

Hotels , flats , and in-family accommodation can be arranged on request .
hotels , flats , and in-family accommodation can be arranged on [ask for] .

Accommodation in selected families , on request in hotels or student houses during university holidays .
accommodation in selected families , on [ask for] in hotels or student houses during university holidays .

are available on request .
are available on [ask for] .

One concert or theatre ticket is included in the price , other tickets are available on request .
one concert or theatre ticket is included in the price , other tickets are available on [ask for] .

Now at her request Arthur tackled it , serious and silent as ever .
now at her [ask for] arthur tackled it , serious and silent as ever .

The details of membership schemes for organisations are available on request .
the details of membership schemes for organisations are available on [ask for] .

First a request , and no more than a request , for an amendment to the order or some sort of assurance concerning its implementation ; these tend to be few in number .
first a [ask for] , and no more than a [ask for] , for an amendment to the order or some sort of assurance concerning its implementation ; these tend to be few in number .

It was reported to the Group that their request to the Council of the Law Society to commission a firm of management consultants to make an examination of the property market in Scotland had been remitted to a Special Committee of the Society comprising representatives of its Purchase and Sale of Heritage and Professional Practice Committees .
it was reported to the group that their [ask for] to the council of the law society to commission a firm of management consultants to make an examination of the property market in scotland had been remitted to a special committee of the society comprising representatives of its purchase and sale of heritage and professional practice committees .

‘ We have not received a request to meet the MPs to discuss the issue , but we have always said that we are prepared to meet anyone , anywhere and that position has not changed .
‘ we have not received a [ask for] to meet the mps to discuss the issue , but we have always said that we are prepared to meet anyone , anywhere and that position has not changed .

Members of the Group , and others , can provide some support to users , but it is essential that each request for assistance should be noted centrally , so that a record of problems , and actions taken in response , can be built up .
members of the group , and others , can provide some support to users , but it is essential that each [ask for] for assistance should be noted centrally , so that a record of problems , and actions taken in response , can be built up .

Initial request from Douglas McKean
initial [ask for] from douglas mckean

Any person who requests environmental information , regardless of nationality , regardless of the reason for the request .
any person who requests environmental information , regardless of nationality , regardless of the reason for the [ask for] .

Several staff had responded to the request for ‘ Dark Mornings ’ training sessions .
several staff had responded to the [ask for] for ‘ dark mornings ’ training sessions .

Taskopruzade 's statement that he came back at the request of a repentant sultan is , of course , highly doubtful in view of the fact that his departure and return seem certain to have occurred in the reigns of different sultans .
taskopruzade 's statement that he came back at the [ask for] of a repentant sultan is , of course , highly doubtful in view of the fact that his departure and return seem certain to have occurred in the reigns of different sultans .

He sighed and set off up the stairs again , pulling himself up by his hands on the thick , frozen rope fixed to the outside of the staircase , the castle 's concession to their earlier request for a handhold on the often ice-slicked steps .
he sighed and set off up the stairs again , pulling himself up by his hands on the thick , frozen rope fixed to the outside of the staircase , the castle 's concession to their earlier [ask for] for a handhold on the often ice-slicked steps .

At the request of the central personnel team , the Data Processing Branch produced a listing from the Payroll Master File .
at the [ask for] of the central personnel team , the data processing branch produced a listing from the payroll master file .

Listings of information were supplied on a restricted basis to branches or sections on request .
listings of information were supplied on a restricted basis to branches or sections on [ask for] .

How long does this process take from initial request through to hand over of the system ?
how long does this process take from initial [ask for] through to hand over of the system ?

The system should ascertain from the operation number whether further details are required , and request them if necessary .
the system should ascertain from the operation number whether further details are required , and [ask for] them if necessary .

This applies both to standard reports that may be added to a report library to be called off on demand and to ad hoc reports that are produced to answer a special request .
this applies both to standard reports that may be added to a report library to be called off on demand and to ad hoc reports that are produced to answer a special [ask for] .

( ii ) providing up to date information on selected groups of employees within 24 hours of a request .
( ii ) providing up to date information on selected groups of employees within 24 hours of a [ask for] .

Mrs Geary made it sound a quite unorthodox request . ``
mrs geary made it sound a quite unorthodox [ask for] . ``

She said please in a way that made it a special request of her own .
she said please in a way that made it a special [ask for] of her own .

‘ ( 1 ) When the seller is ready and willing to deliver the goods , and requests the buyer to take delivery , and the buyer does not within a reasonable time after such request take delivery of the goods , he is liable to the seller for any loss occasioned by his neglect or refusal to take delivery , and also for a reasonable charge for the care and custody of the goods .
‘ ( 1 ) when the seller is ready and willing to deliver the goods , and requests the buyer to take delivery , and the buyer does not within a reasonable time after such [ask for] take delivery of the goods , he is liable to the seller for any loss occasioned by his neglect or refusal to take delivery , and also for a reasonable charge for the care and custody of the goods .

At the dealer 's request ( and sometimes with his assistance ) he fills in a form .
at the dealer 's [ask for] ( and sometimes with his assistance ) he fills in a form .

The HelpDesk Request screen provides Client History and Inventory buttons which will allow us to view past specific requests for support as well as the configuration of the machine on which the problem was experienced .
the helpdesk [ask for] screen provides client history and inventory buttons which will allow us to view past specific requests for support as well as the configuration of the machine on which the problem was experienced .

Site licence : price available on request .
site licence : price available on [ask for] .

The main menu ( fig 6 ) presents some options additional to starting the text analysis , and figure 7 shows the next screen where a request is made for input specifying the required forms of output and the text file specification .
the main menu ( fig 6 ) presents some options additional to starting the text analysis , and figure 7 shows the next screen where a [ask for] is made for input specifying the required forms of output and the text file specification .

The gear was specially designed at the request of Prince 's recording company , Paisley Park .
the gear was specially designed at the [ask for] of prince 's recording company , paisley park .

In this respect , we have launched the John Wood Group Employee Community Fund whereby employees can request funds for a charity in they are directly involved .
in this respect , we have launched the john wood group employee community fund whereby employees can [ask for] funds for a charity in they are directly involved .

General Manager said ‘ We are happy to respond to the request and were able to provide a competitive price in a very quick time ’ .
general manager said ‘ we are happy to respond to the [ask for] and were able to provide a competitive price in a very quick time ’ .

With some cunning too ; from floor to ceiling the walls were a mass of statues , gargoyles , bas-reliefs and fluted columns that cast weirdly-moving shadows when the dragon gave an obliging illumination at Twoflower 's request .
with some cunning too ; from floor to ceiling the walls were a mass of statues , gargoyles , bas-reliefs and fluted columns that cast weirdly-moving shadows when the dragon gave an obliging illumination at twoflower 's [ask for] .

Among his applications was a request to see any file on himself .
among his applications was a [ask for] to see any file on himself .

Such a help system could be based on a pre-stored video segment selected under a system control sensitive to your problem or the nature of the help you request .
such a help system could be based on a pre-stored video segment selected under a system control sensitive to your problem or the nature of the help you [ask for] .

Supplementary information is material relevant to Articles or Letters which can not , for lack of space , be published in full , but which is available from Nature on request .
supplementary information is material relevant to articles or letters which can not , for lack of space , be published in full , but which is available from nature on [ask for] .

Picking up on the head maltster 's request for co-operation in Audience , Pryce-Jones wrote , ‘ Will Ferdinand help , and kindly inform on himself ?
picking up on the head maltster 's [ask for] for co-operation in audience , pryce-jones wrote , ‘ will ferdinand help , and kindly inform on himself ?

Our attitudes reflect the way the company operates as a whole and those who have regular and request contact with customers , lorry drivers for example , are special ambassadors for the company .
our attitudes reflect the way the company operates as a whole and those who have regular and [ask for] contact with customers , lorry drivers for example , are special ambassadors for the company .

Thanks to who granted his request , started work and a new life in on .
thanks to who granted his [ask for] , started work and a new life in on .

Robert , gasping for breath in his arms , wondered whether Mr Malik 's request for him to give an account of himself was entirely motivated by concern for his staff .
robert , gasping for breath in his arms , wondered whether mr malik 's [ask for] for him to give an account of himself was entirely motivated by concern for his staff .

For example , a computer system can check stock levels and produce a supplier 's order request automatically in good time , and this will ensure that there are always supplies of products in stock .
for example , a computer system can check stock levels and produce a supplier 's order [ask for] automatically in good time , and this will ensure that there are always supplies of products in stock .

For example , a typical retrieval request may be to find the names of students who attend any module given by Goodwin .
for example , a typical retrieval [ask for] may be to find the names of students who attend any module given by goodwin .

One criticism , particularly when compared to the relational calculus , is that it is somewhat procedural and the user will need some programming experience to be able to formulate a particular request .
one criticism , particularly when compared to the relational calculus , is that it is somewhat procedural and the user will need some programming experience to be able to formulate a particular [ask for] .

When manipulating data in hierarchies , it is necessary to specify to which level a request refers . For example if the next record is requested , is it the next at that level or at a parent level or at some other level ?
when manipulating data in hierarchies , it is necessary to specify to which level a [ask for] refers . for example if the next record is requested , is it the next at that level or at a parent level or at some other level ?

In a list file , this request requires access to all records on the ‘ lecturer name ’ list until the Perkins occurrence is found ( if at all ) .
in a list file , this [ask for] requires access to all records on the ‘ lecturer name ’ list until the perkins occurrence is found ( if at all ) .

( 9 ) When this party has selected the prospective parliamentary candidate , section ( 3 ) of this clause shall be applicable only when section ( 8 ) applies or , having received a written request from the General Committee of this party for permission to reconsider the selection of the prospective parliamentary candidate , the National Executive Committee has decided that in its opinion there are changed circumstances relating to the prospective parliamentary candidate since his or her selection , and has given authority to this party to convene a special meeting of the General Committee in accordance with regulations sanctioned by the National Executive Committee to consider a resolution that the prospective candidate selected previously shall not be the candidate at the next general election .
( 9 ) when this party has selected the prospective parliamentary candidate , section ( 3 ) of this clause shall be applicable only when section ( 8 ) applies or , having received a written [ask for] from the general committee of this party for permission to reconsider the selection of the prospective parliamentary candidate , the national executive committee has decided that in its opinion there are changed circumstances relating to the prospective parliamentary candidate since his or her selection , and has given authority to this party to convene a special meeting of the general committee in accordance with regulations sanctioned by the national executive committee to consider a resolution that the prospective candidate selected previously shall not be the candidate at the next general election .

The King could legitimately refuse a request to dissolve for the third time in a little over a year .
the king could legitimately refuse a [ask for] to dissolve for the third time in a little over a year .

He hat eventually decided to ask Security 's registry and its computers for a trace muddling the trail by getting a colleague to send the request for him and burying it in a list of acronyms as if they had been collected over a period of time .
he hat eventually decided to ask security 's registry and its computers for a trace muddling the trail by getting a colleague to send the [ask for] for him and burying it in a list of acronyms as if they had been collected over a period of time .

Once the request becomes official , we shall send somebody from the very highest level of my Office nothing less .
once the [ask for] becomes official , we shall send somebody from the very highest level of my office nothing less .

The arrival of a French fleet off Ireland brought a further request to the Bank for a loan of £1,500,000 to assist the Irish government .
the arrival of a french fleet off ireland brought a further [ask for] to the bank for a loan of £1,500,000 to assist the irish government .

Keith repeats his request .
keith repeats his [ask for] .

It took only a few minutes to run to the kitchen and request Agnes Diggory to take Lady Merchiston 's luncheon tray straight upstairs when it was ready , and then Theda passed out of the house into the early warmth of a sunny April day , Hector charging ahead .
it took only a few minutes to run to the kitchen and [ask for] agnes diggory to take lady merchiston 's luncheon tray straight upstairs when it was ready , and then theda passed out of the house into the early warmth of a sunny april day , hector charging ahead .

At first , Theda did not know whether she was more angry with Lady Merchiston for loaning her out like this , or with Mrs Rosalia Alderley for making such an impertinent request .
at first , theda did not know whether she was more angry with lady merchiston for loaning her out like this , or with mrs rosalia alderley for making such an impertinent [ask for] .

At her request , Rosalia took her on a tour of the house and grounds .
at her [ask for] , rosalia took her on a tour of the house and grounds .

She had managed , nevertheless , to seize a few moments with the erstwhile companion when the gentlemen returned , for Araminta had at once gone over to greet Mr Saul Quatt , who had , at her request , presided over the service in the local church — much to the chagrin of its incumbent , whose ruffled feathers Mrs Alderley had been obliged to smooth when she heard of the plan from him .
she had managed , nevertheless , to seize a few moments with the erstwhile companion when the gentlemen returned , for araminta had at once gone over to greet mr saul quatt , who had , at her [ask for] , presided over the service in the local church — much to the chagrin of its incumbent , whose ruffled feathers mrs alderley had been obliged to smooth when she heard of the plan from him .

‘ Miss Kyte is here at my request , ’ said Mr Aycliffe in a repressive tone .
‘ miss kyte is here at my [ask for] , ’ said mr aycliffe in a repressive tone .

It was n't a request .
it was n't a [ask for] .

It was n't a request .
it was n't a [ask for] .

She repeated her request .
she repeated her [ask for] .

Sally-Anne stared at him , surprised by this strange request .
sally-anne stared at him , surprised by this strange [ask for] .

’ He sighed and translated the request into French .
’ he sighed and translated the [ask for] into french .

The report , produced at Manila 's request , was fiercely critical of the land reform programme of Marcos , and warns that this time implementation must not be allowed to drag on . It argues that the Government should :
the report , produced at manila 's [ask for] , was fiercely critical of the land reform programme of marcos , and warns that this time implementation must not be allowed to drag on . it argues that the government should :

Born to an unwed teenage mother in South Carolina , Jackson came of age when no Black man or woman would ever request a public cup of coffee , or enter a public bathroom , or undertake to register to vote , without calculating the easily fatal risks attached to such a simple act .
born to an unwed teenage mother in south carolina , jackson came of age when no black man or woman would ever [ask for] a public cup of coffee , or enter a public bathroom , or undertake to register to vote , without calculating the easily fatal risks attached to such a simple act .

The villagers were suspicious at first , waiting for the demand of a bribe or request for a chicken or a village girl , but in the end they decided to believe him .
the villagers were suspicious at first , waiting for the demand of a bribe or [ask for] for a chicken or a village girl , but in the end they decided to believe him .

Six months before she was due to be released she was assessed for admission to a special hospital , at the request of the prison psychiatrist ; two months later she was transferred to Moss Side hospital .
six months before she was due to be released she was assessed for admission to a special hospital , at the [ask for] of the prison psychiatrist ; two months later she was transferred to moss side hospital .

Friends , the Minister has received a request to consider that matter again .
friends , the minister has received a [ask for] to consider that matter again .

The letter then continued : ’ With regard to Dr. Vann 's request for retrospective payments ’ — ’ retrospective ’ is the Minister 's word not mine because the payments were not retrospective .
the letter then continued : ’ with regard to dr. vann 's [ask for] for retrospective payments ’ — ’ retrospective ’ is the minister 's word not mine because the payments were not retrospective .

The letter reads : ’ With regard to Dr. Vann 's request for retrospective payments to be made to GPs who have been reimbursed under the previous arrangements , the object of the scheme , as has been explained in the past , is to ensure the widest possible spread of computing within a cash-limited budget .
the letter reads : ’ with regard to dr. vann 's [ask for] for retrospective payments to be made to gps who have been reimbursed under the previous arrangements , the object of the scheme , as has been explained in the past , is to ensure the widest possible spread of computing within a cash-limited budget .

Have you received a request from the Secretary of State for Social Security to be allowed to make a statement on the withdrawal of moneys from Mirror Group Newspapers ' pension fund ?
have you received a [ask for] from the secretary of state for social security to be allowed to make a statement on the withdrawal of moneys from mirror group newspapers ' pension fund ?

As a result , the Commission — still with 8,000 officials , who may be well paid but are nevertheless overworked — is dealing with more and more material not only initiated by itself in its legislative function of making proposals , but increasingly at the request of the politicians in the European Council .
as a result , the commission — still with 8,000 officials , who may be well paid but are nevertheless overworked — is dealing with more and more material not only initiated by itself in its legislative function of making proposals , but increasingly at the [ask for] of the politicians in the european council .

As he knows , we would be prepared to consider arranging for a scientific evaluation of any equipment that might assist in public order control if the chief officers request it .
as he knows , we would be prepared to consider arranging for a scientific evaluation of any equipment that might assist in public order control if the chief officers [ask for] it .

Schools should be able to request more frequent inspections so that the best practice of a few is not brought down to the standard practice of the many .
schools should be able to [ask for] more frequent inspections so that the best practice of a few is not brought down to the standard practice of the many .

One wonders whether the Department of Social Security fraud branch is able to request information , and what checks there are on its legitimate use .
one wonders whether the department of social security fraud branch is able to [ask for] information , and what checks there are on its legitimate use .

Is it intended that there should never be an interchange of information directly by computer but only by request between all European Community police forces ?
is it intended that there should never be an interchange of information directly by computer but only by [ask for] between all european community police forces ?

And while she knew she should request to be put down , she was enjoying the feel of being held too much to utter the words .
and while she knew she should [ask for] to be put down , she was enjoying the feel of being held too much to utter the words .

It was enough to make Lucy suspect there were tiny uprooted plants in their handbags , but she said nothing while taking details of their request for lunch and a bush walk on the first Wednesday of the following month .
it was enough to make lucy suspect there were tiny uprooted plants in their handbags , but she said nothing while taking details of their [ask for] for lunch and a bush walk on the first wednesday of the following month .

The first voice made a request for permission to use the campsite area for a group of boys during the next school break , and after stopping the machine she made a note of the name and address to which she would send confirmation .
the first voice made a [ask for] for permission to use the campsite area for a group of boys during the next school break , and after stopping the machine she made a note of the name and address to which she would send confirmation .

’ The request came impulsively .
’ the [ask for] came impulsively .

Friend 's request Scottish Enterprise has established a defence industries initiative to help businesses and local enterprise companies exploit existing defence markets and develop diversification strategies .
friend 's [ask for] scottish enterprise has established a defence industries initiative to help businesses and local enterprise companies exploit existing defence markets and develop diversification strategies .

All terrorist crime is detestable , whoever the victims , but does not my right hon. Friend agree that the recent upsurge of violence has made more urgent the granting of the Chief Constable 's request for at least 400 additional men in his establishment ?
all terrorist crime is detestable , whoever the victims , but does not my right hon. friend agree that the recent upsurge of violence has made more urgent the granting of the chief constable 's [ask for] for at least 400 additional men in his establishment ?

Would not it be easy to accede to the commissioner 's request to change the three points in the regulation which the Commission says are defective and deal with Crown immune areas , reduce the latitude given to authorities and ensure that environmental assessments are recorded in writing so that we have proper regulations and proper environmental impact assessments ? That would test whether Oxleas wood , Twyford down and other such places would survive if there were proper implementation of European law .
would not it be easy to accede to the commissioner 's [ask for] to change the three points in the regulation which the commission says are defective and deal with crown immune areas , reduce the latitude given to authorities and ensure that environmental assessments are recorded in writing so that we have proper regulations and proper environmental impact assessments ? that would test whether oxleas wood , twyford down and other such places would survive if there were proper implementation of european law .

Any request for costs would have to go to my right hon .
any [ask for] for costs would have to go to my right hon .

Will my right hon. Friend today find time to join my right hon. and learned Friend the Secretary of State for Education and Science in condemning Labour and Liberal Democrat councils , such as Nottingham , Derbyshire and Richmond , which have blocked the distribution of the parents charter ? Does not that hostility to the charter give the lie to the Opposition parties ' request for freedom of information ?
will my right hon. friend today find time to join my right hon. and learned friend the secretary of state for education and science in condemning labour and liberal democrat councils , such as nottingham , derbyshire and richmond , which have blocked the distribution of the parents charter ? does not that hostility to the charter give the lie to the opposition parties ' [ask for] for freedom of information ?

Against the evidence of the German authorities and the German police , and given that even the Israeli secret service thinks that others may have been involved , would it not at least be a sensible plan to talk to the Arab League about the very serious problem of Lockerbie and at least consider accepting the request to send British and American judges in the first instance to a trial under Libyan law ?
against the evidence of the german authorities and the german police , and given that even the israeli secret service thinks that others may have been involved , would it not at least be a sensible plan to talk to the arab league about the very serious problem of lockerbie and at least consider accepting the [ask for] to send british and american judges in the first instance to a trial under libyan law ?

How does the Prime Minister think that the Government can respond to the Mayor 's request that Bexley council be given the power to close that fascist headquarters before more lives are lost ?
how does the prime minister think that the government can respond to the mayor 's [ask for] that bexley council be given the power to close that fascist headquarters before more lives are lost ?

Does the Minister think that it is satisfactory for the people of Teesside to be faced with an application for a power station , another for a gas plant for the power station , and a separate application for the overhead line ? Would not it have been more sensible to request all those concerned with the project to put forward their plans together and subject them all to just one public inquiry ?
does the minister think that it is satisfactory for the people of teesside to be faced with an application for a power station , another for a gas plant for the power station , and a separate application for the overhead line ? would not it have been more sensible to [ask for] all those concerned with the project to put forward their plans together and subject them all to just one public inquiry ?

Friend says , that the Chief Constable 's request for 441 additional police officers would be met .
friend says , that the chief constable 's [ask for] for 441 additional police officers would be met .

Will the Leader of the House convey to the Prime Minister the request that he restore to Back Benchers —
will the leader of the house convey to the prime minister the [ask for] that he restore to back benchers —

Gentleman 's first request was for a widespread review of the prices , policies and performance of these industries .
gentleman 's first [ask for] was for a widespread review of the prices , policies and performance of these industries .

Gentleman 's request for a revenue support grant statement from my right hon .
gentleman 's [ask for] for a revenue support grant statement from my right hon .

Have you received a request from the Department of Trade and Industry to make a statement on the sale of the Export Credits Guarantee Department ?
have you received a [ask for] from the department of trade and industry to make a statement on the sale of the export credits guarantee department ?

Has there been a request for a statement on that subject ?
has there been a [ask for] for a statement on that subject ?

No , there has been no request to make a statement .
no , there has been no [ask for] to make a statement .

Lady 's request will have been heard .
lady 's [ask for] will have been heard .

To the best of my knowledge , there has been no such request by British Rail .
to the best of my knowledge , there has been no such [ask for] by british rail .

‘ What ? No shopping ? ’ he mocked , but he did n't seem dismayed or put out by her request .
‘ what ? no shopping ? ’ he mocked , but he did n't seem dismayed or put out by her [ask for] .

— Sid Breeze : By popular request , another chance to hear Sid tell us what it was like to drive a steam engine on British Railways .
— sid breeze : by popular [ask for] , another chance to hear sid tell us what it was like to drive a steam engine on british railways .

The look on the guard 's face , on the request for the train to stop , was worth recording .
the look on the guard 's face , on the [ask for] for the train to stop , was worth recording .

This meets a long-standing request from various members and will take the form of a variety of short talks and discussions aided by slides , photographs , segments of cine film , videos — whatever members bring along .
this meets a long-standing [ask for] from various members and will take the form of a variety of short talks and discussions aided by slides , photographs , segments of cine film , videos — whatever members bring along .

Goods are sometimes sent without prior request .
goods are sometimes sent without prior [ask for] .

Obviously , if the customer had been prompted to request the visit by an advertisement indicating that the trader sold televisions as well as kitchen fitments , the contract to buy the television will not be cancellable .
obviously , if the customer had been prompted to [ask for] the visit by an advertisement indicating that the trader sold televisions as well as kitchen fitments , the contract to buy the television will not be cancellable .

The customer 's duty to take care of the goods ceases 21 days after he cancelled the agreement , unless before then he has received from the trader a written signed request to hand them over .
the customer 's duty to take care of the goods ceases 21 days after he cancelled the agreement , unless before then he has received from the trader a written signed [ask for] to hand them over .

‘ It was one she designed for our château at Fabien 's request .
‘ it was one she designed for our château at fabien 's [ask for] .

Your Committee is delighted to announce that the Salop Steam Society have granted this request and take this opportunity of expressing their grateful thanks to them .
your committee is delighted to announce that the salop steam society have granted this [ask for] and take this opportunity of expressing their grateful thanks to them .

’ The housekeeper 's request answered Belinda 's doubt that brother and sister might not yet be ready for an intrusion , and after adding a fourth almost transparent bone-china coffee-cup and saucer to the engraved silver tray , she carried it carefully through the series of open , interconnected rooms until she reached the veranda .
’ the housekeeper 's [ask for] answered belinda 's doubt that brother and sister might not yet be ready for an intrusion , and after adding a fourth almost transparent bone-china coffee-cup and saucer to the engraved silver tray , she carried it carefully through the series of open , interconnected rooms until she reached the veranda .

At Dr Russell 's request … no , not Dr Russell .
at dr russell 's [ask for] … no , not dr russell .

The pause , the question , had been a mere formality , the token request for permission men used to cover themselves against a variety of possible future accusations .
the pause , the question , had been a mere formality , the token [ask for] for permission men used to cover themselves against a variety of possible future accusations .

He had asked to be ‘ put in the way ’ of a certain variety , and it was Father D'Arcy who enquired whether his request had met with success .
he had asked to be ‘ put in the way ’ of a certain variety , and it was father d'arcy who enquired whether his [ask for] had met with success .

Any member of my profession ( the second oldest ) will tell you that not a Sunday goes by without a request for you to present your battered old body at a similarly battered venue for the benefit of Dyslexic Seals , Anorexic Pastry Chefs or Friends of the Ozone Layer .
any member of my profession ( the second oldest ) will tell you that not a sunday goes by without a [ask for] for you to present your battered old body at a similarly battered venue for the benefit of dyslexic seals , anorexic pastry chefs or friends of the ozone layer .

The following year , by popular request , we returned from a triumphant tour ( a fortnight in Brighton ) to the West End .
the following year , by popular [ask for] , we returned from a triumphant tour ( a fortnight in brighton ) to the west end .

Father Matthew was a genial fellow and cheerfully granted Athelstan 's request , giving him vestments and vessels so he could celebrate his own Mass in one of the small chantry chapels built off the main aisle .
father matthew was a genial fellow and cheerfully granted athelstan 's [ask for] , giving him vestments and vessels so he could celebrate his own mass in one of the small chantry chapels built off the main aisle .

The old retainer who had received them on their first visit tried to help but Cranston pushed him gently away , saying it was a holiday and besides he was here at Sir Richard 's request to pursue his inquiries privately .
the old retainer who had received them on their first visit tried to help but cranston pushed him gently away , saying it was a holiday and besides he was here at sir richard 's [ask for] to pursue his inquiries privately .

She became even more frightened as Athelstan outlined his request and asked her to bring the napkin as soon as possible .
she became even more frightened as athelstan outlined his [ask for] and asked her to bring the napkin as soon as possible .

But his first request to her surprised the old servant very much .
but his first [ask for] to her surprised the old servant very much .

Miserably she handed him her coat at his frosty request , her chastened eyes seeing the annoyed glares from those nearest the door .
miserably she handed him her coat at his frosty [ask for] , her chastened eyes seeing the annoyed glares from those nearest the door .

If theirs was the same college attended by Clare Mallender , that might be explained by Dysart recommending it to her at her father 's request .
if theirs was the same college attended by clare mallender , that might be explained by dysart recommending it to her at her father 's [ask for] .

Understandably , Ockleton was puzzled by Harry 's request , but he raised no objection .
understandably , ockleton was puzzled by harry 's [ask for] , but he raised no objection .

Harry 's first inclination was to ignore the request .
harry 's first inclination was to ignore the [ask for] .

‘ You were brave to make that request . What did they think of it ? ’
‘ you were brave to make that [ask for] . what did they think of it ? ’

‘ Will do , ’ Norma said and put the phone down , leaving Claudia feeling she would forget all about her request within seconds .
‘ will do , ’ norma said and put the phone down , leaving claudia feeling she would forget all about her [ask for] within seconds .

Mr Stanforth came from behind his desk to meet his visitor in person , and settle her with ceremony into the client 's chair , though she was not a client , had no need whatever of a solicitor , and had come here in response to his telephoned request chiefly out of pure curiosity , of which she had a woman 's proper share .
mr stanforth came from behind his desk to meet his visitor in person , and settle her with ceremony into the client 's chair , though she was not a client , had no need whatever of a solicitor , and had come here in response to his telephoned [ask for] chiefly out of pure curiosity , of which she had a woman 's proper share .

Not until she had signed her name in the book , at his request , and his long-sighted eves had read it over her shoulder .
not until she had signed her name in the book , at his [ask for] , and his long-sighted eves had read it over her shoulder .

An act done at the request of the offeror in response to his promise is consideration ; and consideration in its essence is nothing else but response to such a request .
an act done at the [ask for] of the offeror in response to his promise is consideration ; and consideration in its essence is nothing else but response to such a [ask for] .

Hamson above , p. 195 stresses the need for a request .
hamson above , p. 195 stresses the need for a [ask for] .

These authorities suggest that a promise to pay money , or to do any other act , in a certain event but without any express or implied request to the promisee to bring about , or to promise to bring about , that event , is made without consideration .
these authorities suggest that a promise to pay money , or to do any other act , in a certain event but without any express or implied [ask for] to the promisee to bring about , or to promise to bring about , that event , is made without consideration .

Nicols , Winch and Hobart held that the action was well laid because it was alleged that there was a request before the endeavour was made and where there is such a precedent request , a subsequent assumpsit after the execution of the consideration is binding .
nicols , winch and hobart held that the action was well laid because it was alleged that there was a [ask for] before the endeavour was made and where there is such a precedent [ask for] , a subsequent assumpsit after the execution of the consideration is binding .

But if that curtesy were moved by a suit or request of the party that gives the assumpsit , it will bind , for the promise , though it follows , yet it is not naked , but couples itself with the suit before , and the merits of the party procured by that suit , which is the difference .
but if that curtesy were moved by a suit or [ask for] of the party that gives the assumpsit , it will bind , for the promise , though it follows , yet it is not naked , but couples itself with the suit before , and the merits of the party procured by that suit , which is the difference .

The act must have been done at the promisors ’ request : the parties must have understood that the act was to be remunerated either by a payment or the conferment of some other benefit : and payment , or the conferment of a benefit , must have been legally enforceable had it been promised in advance .
the act must have been done at the promisors ’ [ask for] : the parties must have understood that the act was to be remunerated either by a payment or the conferment of some other benefit : and payment , or the conferment of a benefit , must have been legally enforceable had it been promised in advance .

Their Lordships agree that the mere existence or recital of a prior request is not sufficient in itself to convert what is prima facie past consideration into sufficient consideration in law to support a promise , as they have indicated , it is only the first of three necessary preconditions .
their lordships agree that the mere existence or recital of a prior [ask for] is not sufficient in itself to convert what is prima facie past consideration into sufficient consideration in law to support a promise , as they have indicated , it is only the first of three necessary preconditions .

As for the second of those preconditions , whether the act done at the request of the promisor raises an implication of promised remuneration or other return is simply one of the construction of the words of the contract in the circumstances of its making .
as for the second of those preconditions , whether the act done at the [ask for] of the promisor raises an implication of promised remuneration or other return is simply one of the construction of the words of the contract in the circumstances of its making .

Where the promise is the ‘ best evidence ’ it only expresses an implied promise ( implied in the request ) .
where the promise is the ‘ best evidence ’ it only expresses an implied promise ( implied in the [ask for] ) .

The first count of the declaration , upon which alone the question arises , stated that , in consideration that the plaintiff , at the request of the defendant , had bought of the defendant a horse for the sum of £30 , the defendant promised that it was sound and free from vice .
the first count of the declaration , upon which alone the question arises , stated that , in consideration that the plaintiff , at the [ask for] of the defendant , had bought of the defendant a horse for the sum of £30 , the defendant promised that it was sound and free from vice .

In the present case , the only promise that would result from the consideration , as stated , and be co-extensive with it , would be to deliver the horse upon request .
in the present case , the only promise that would result from the consideration , as stated , and be co-extensive with it , would be to deliver the horse upon [ask for] .

The precedent sale , without a warranty , though at the request of the defendant , imposes no other duty or obligation upon him .
the precedent sale , without a warranty , though at the [ask for] of the defendant , imposes no other duty or obligation upon him .

If the precedent sale was at the request of the defendant , who later made the express promise of the guarantee , why should not the guarantee have been enforceable under Lampleigh v. Brathwait ?
if the precedent sale was at the [ask for] of the defendant , who later made the express promise of the guarantee , why should not the guarantee have been enforceable under lampleigh v. brathwait ?

, in consideration that the plaintiff , at the request of the defendant , had then consented to allow the defendant to weigh divers , to wit two , boilers of the plaintiff , of great value , etc .
, in consideration that the plaintiff , at the [ask for] of the defendant , had then consented to allow the defendant to weigh divers , to wit two , boilers of the plaintiff , of great value , etc .

The action was brought by the respondents against the appellants to recover the sum of £2,200 11s. 10d. for the services of police specially supplied by the respondents at the request of and by agreement with the appellants .
the action was brought by the respondents against the appellants to recover the sum of £2,200 11s. 10d. for the services of police specially supplied by the respondents at the [ask for] of and by agreement with the appellants .

Fourth plea , that the plaintiff 's marriage with Ellen Nicholl had been arranged before the alleged agreement without any request from the testator and that there was no consideration for the alleged agreement .
fourth plea , that the plaintiff 's marriage with ellen nicholl had been arranged before the alleged agreement without any [ask for] from the testator and that there was no consideration for the alleged agreement .

The arbitrators held that the owners ' claim failed and , at the request of the parties , stated their award in the form of a special case .
the arbitrators held that the owners ' claim failed and , at the [ask for] of the parties , stated their award in the form of a special case .

on November 11 , 1600 Plea that defendant , at plaintiff 's request , before the said day , to wit , on October 1 , paid to the plaintiff £5 2s .
on november 11 , 1600 plea that defendant , at plaintiff 's [ask for] , before the said day , to wit , on october 1 , paid to the plaintiff £5 2s .

On the second night , at her emphatic request , Frere moved , temporarily , into another room .
on the second night , at her emphatic [ask for] , frere moved , temporarily , into another room .

‘ Mr Didier is here at my request , madam .
‘ mr didier is here at my [ask for] , madam .

She intended to plead her own nervousness and her desire not to be destined for public exhibition and planned to finish by thanking him for the compliment of his request and wishing him well in finding a more practised model .
she intended to plead her own nervousness and her desire not to be destined for public exhibition and planned to finish by thanking him for the compliment of his [ask for] and wishing him well in finding a more practised model .

But why should the onus be on me to make this request ?
but why should the onus be on me to make this [ask for] ?

( It was no coincidence that the bishop 's request came in November . )
( it was no coincidence that the bishop 's [ask for] came in november . )

Such thefts often arose from grants of benefices known as precariae ( from preces , the `` prayer `` or `` request `` which had to be offered by the recipient ) on church lands .
such thefts often arose from grants of benefices known as precariae ( from preces , the `` prayer `` or `` [ask for] `` which had to be offered by the recipient ) on church lands .

But Walahfrid 's most earnest request was for patronage ; and Judith had enough political sense ( a clever critic was the very man to disarm ) and sympathy for a fellow-provincial to offer Walahfrid the post of tutor to Charles .
but walahfrid 's most earnest [ask for] was for patronage ; and judith had enough political sense ( a clever critic was the very man to disarm ) and sympathy for a fellow-provincial to offer walahfrid the post of tutor to charles .

Scorton Playing Field — Formal Request for Swings
scorton playing field — formal [ask for] for swings

Scorton Playing Field — Formal Request for Swings
scorton playing field — formal [ask for] for swings

Please could you also ensure that the delay in making this request does not mean that the work is excessively held back .
please could you also ensure that the delay in making this [ask for] does not mean that the work is excessively held back .

At the recent meeting of Nether Wyresdale Parish Council a request was made by local residents for the 30 mph speed limit in village to be extended to the section of Gubberford Lane beyond the railway bridge to take in the group of dwellings ending with Woodlands .
at the recent meeting of nether wyresdale parish council a [ask for] was made by local residents for the 30 mph speed limit in village to be extended to the section of gubberford lane beyond the railway bridge to take in the group of dwellings ending with woodlands .

5 . An Audit Certificate annually on request of District Audit
5 . an audit certificate annually on [ask for] of district audit

The cost of lighting puts it beyond the reach of the Parish Council so they should like to request that Wyre Borough Council install footway lighting on this part of Gubberford Lane .
the cost of lighting puts it beyond the reach of the parish council so they should like to [ask for] that wyre borough council install footway lighting on this part of gubberford lane .

It was agreed at the last meeting of the Parish Council to endorse this request .
it was agreed at the last meeting of the parish council to endorse this [ask for] .

This was brought before the Parish Council meeting on 16th July and they agreed to endorse your request for assistance in maintaining the Parish Burial Ground .
this was brought before the parish council meeting on 16th july and they agreed to endorse your [ask for] for assistance in maintaining the parish burial ground .

However , your reply did not address the main point of my letter : the request that the Borough Council should consider paying the rates of public halls in the rural part of the Borough .
however , your reply did not address the main point of my letter : the [ask for] that the borough council should consider paying the rates of public halls in the rural part of the borough .

Will you please ensure that this request is put before the appropriate committee as part of the coming budget cycle .
will you please ensure that this [ask for] is put before the appropriate committee as part of the coming budget cycle .

Please find enclosed the precept request , duly completed , from Nether Wyresdale Parish Council for the financial year 1993/94 .
please find enclosed the precept [ask for] , duly completed , from nether wyresdale parish council for the financial year 1993/94 .

Request for Estimate
[ask for] for estimate

Bearing in mind the well-documented history on the question of having a fully-licensed establishment within our village the Chairman of the Council has asked me to request a postponement of any final decision in order to give time and opportunity for full consultation and for any resulting meaningful comments to be submitted .
bearing in mind the well-documented history on the question of having a fully-licensed establishment within our village the chairman of the council has asked me to [ask for] a postponement of any final decision in order to give time and opportunity for full consultation and for any resulting meaningful comments to be submitted .

This is rather an unusual request .
this is rather an unusual [ask for] .

At the same time , Franco made a similar request ( this time , for transport planes and crews ) to the German government ; and , initially , received a similarly negative response .
at the same time , franco made a similar [ask for] ( this time , for transport planes and crews ) to the german government ; and , initially , received a similarly negative response .

On 21 September , at Franco 's request , a meeting of the Defence Committee was called in Salamanca to discuss the military and political conduct of the war .
on 21 september , at franco 's [ask for] , a meeting of the defence committee was called in salamanca to discuss the military and political conduct of the war .

Despite the agreed battle-plan , Franco did not move any of his forces up from the Jarama front and twice refused the request of the Italian Commander-in-Chief that his troops be relieved by Spaniards .
despite the agreed battle-plan , franco did not move any of his forces up from the jarama front and twice refused the [ask for] of the italian commander-in-chief that his troops be relieved by spaniards .

On 12 April ( the day that Franco made his disconcerting request for aircraft to Sperrle ) , the Italian government formally approved Cavaletti 's mediation project , which offered the possibility of raising Italy 's profile internationally and , especially , of improving relations with Britain , whose many and lucrative economic interests in the Basque Country were eyed longingly by Italy .
on 12 april ( the day that franco made his disconcerting [ask for] for aircraft to sperrle ) , the italian government formally approved cavaletti 's mediation project , which offered the possibility of raising italy 's profile internationally and , especially , of improving relations with britain , whose many and lucrative economic interests in the basque country were eyed longingly by italy .

By resisting Sperrle 's request for aircraft on 11 April , Franco had caused a temporary hiatus in the progress of the northern campaign while he focused his full attention on its internal political aspect .
by resisting sperrle 's [ask for] for aircraft on 11 april , franco had caused a temporary hiatus in the progress of the northern campaign while he focused his full attention on its internal political aspect .

There can be little doubt , therefore , that `` the bombing was undertaken at the request of the Nationalist high command in order to destroy Basque morale and preclude the defence of Bilbao `` .
there can be little doubt , therefore , that `` the bombing was undertaken at the [ask for] of the nationalist high command in order to destroy basque morale and preclude the defence of bilbao `` .

Request to Christian Aid for a Grant for 1991–92
[ask for] to christian aid for a grant for 1991–92

Generally , safety and quality requirements should be communicated in writing and it may be appropriate to request a written acknowledgement of receipt .
generally , safety and quality requirements should be communicated in writing and it may be appropriate to [ask for] a written acknowledgement of receipt .

Complete copies of The Engineering Council 's Bye–Laws are available on request .
complete copies of the engineering council 's bye–laws are available on [ask for] .

Advice and assistance in using the catalogues is freely available to all staff on request to Fred Penfold or Anne Elliot .
advice and assistance in using the catalogues is freely available to all staff on [ask for] to fred penfold or anne elliot .

Bibliographic searches of the Planning Exchange database can be obtained on request .
bibliographic searches of the planning exchange database can be obtained on [ask for] .

Check if venue has facilities , and request a ‘ practice run ’ , otherwise use own equipment .
check if venue has facilities , and [ask for] a ‘ practice run ’ , otherwise use own equipment .

Due to a shortage of interpreters it is essential to request their services well in advance .
due to a shortage of interpreters it is essential to [ask for] their services well in advance .

Benefit forms will be supplied on request to other council tax payers .
benefit forms will be supplied on [ask for] to other council tax payers .

All items of equipment remain the property of the Company and must be returned immediately on request .
all items of equipment remain the property of the company and must be returned immediately on [ask for] .

Full details will be provided by the Personnel Department on request .
full details will be provided by the personnel department on [ask for] .

Swales uses the case of the reprint request in a study of language and scientific communication .
swales uses the case of the reprint [ask for] in a study of language and scientific communication .

Thus the personal influence of a reprint request may be rather larger than that of an acknowledgment in the form of a citation .
thus the personal influence of a reprint [ask for] may be rather larger than that of an acknowledgment in the form of a citation .

and should the request be for something ‘ esoteric ’ , there are about 15 freelance translators she can call upon , all with their own specialities .
and should the [ask for] be for something ‘ esoteric ’ , there are about 15 freelance translators she can call upon , all with their own specialities .

Following the formal request for a special prosecutor , Attorney General William Barr had up to 30 days to make a preliminary ruling .
following the formal [ask for] for a special prosecutor , attorney general william barr had up to 30 days to make a preliminary ruling .

If he decided to accede to the request — and precedent suggested that it would be very difficult for him to refuse it — then he would have a further 60 days to appoint a panel to decide upon a prosecutor .
if he decided to accede to the [ask for] — and precedent suggested that it would be very difficult for him to refuse it — then he would have a further 60 days to appoint a panel to decide upon a prosecutor .

This request , approved by the board on July 23 , had reportedly been made in anticipation of the imminent replacement of Kaset , whose chairmanship had coincided with the company 's worst-ever financial performance and mounting accusations of corruption .
this [ask for] , approved by the board on july 23 , had reportedly been made in anticipation of the imminent replacement of kaset , whose chairmanship had coincided with the company 's worst-ever financial performance and mounting accusations of corruption .

At Ukraine 's request , discussion was deferred on a draft document , signed at the July 6 summit , on the principles of restoring the rights of deported minority nationalities .
at ukraine 's [ask for] , discussion was deferred on a draft document , signed at the july 6 summit , on the principles of restoring the rights of deported minority nationalities .

The criticism focused especially on the government 's delay in completing cyclone damage assessment and , except for a request for more helicopters , its failure to provide aid agencies with a detailed list of emergency supply needs .
the criticism focused especially on the government 's delay in completing cyclone damage assessment and , except for a [ask for] for more helicopters , its failure to provide aid agencies with a detailed list of emergency supply needs .

At the request of the army the Collective State Presidency again held an extraordinary session on May 7 which was attended by Marcovic and the Kadijevic but not by Tudjman , who was in London for talks with United Kingdom Foreign and Commonwealth Secretary Douglas Hurd .
at the [ask for] of the army the collective state presidency again held an extraordinary session on may 7 which was attended by marcovic and the kadijevic but not by tudjman , who was in london for talks with united kingdom foreign and commonwealth secretary douglas hurd .

The Presidency reconvened in emergency session on May 8-9 at the request of the army .
the presidency reconvened in emergency session on may 8-9 at the [ask for] of the army .

The request came amidst growing Iraqi appeals for an end to international sanctions [ see pp .
the [ask for] came amidst growing iraqi appeals for an end to international sanctions [ see pp .

The meeting also rejected an Icelandic request for an `` interim `` commercial quota of 192 minke and 91 fin whales .
the meeting also rejected an icelandic [ask for] for an `` interim `` commercial quota of 192 minke and 91 fin whales .

Bush presented to Congress on Feb. 4 , 1991 , a $ 1,445,900 million budget request for the fiscal year 1992 ( beginning Oct. 1 , 1991 ) .
bush presented to congress on feb. 4 , 1991 , a $ 1,445,900 million budget [ask for] for the fiscal year 1992 ( beginning oct. 1 , 1991 ) .

Barr stated , however , that the July 9 request by the judiciary committee of the House of Representatives for an independent prosecutor to examine the Iraqgate affair [ see p. 38998 ] contained `` vague and general allegations `` which did not meet these conditions .
barr stated , however , that the july 9 [ask for] by the judiciary committee of the house of representatives for an independent prosecutor to examine the iraqgate affair [ see p. 38998 ] contained `` vague and general allegations `` which did not meet these conditions .

Democrats in both houses of Congress responded to Barr 's decision by increasing their criticism of the Bush administration 's alleged obstruction of all efforts to investigate the Iraqgate allegations , and members of the House banking committee did not rule out the possibility that they would make a more specific request to Barr for the appointment of a special prosecutor .
democrats in both houses of congress responded to barr 's decision by increasing their criticism of the bush administration 's alleged obstruction of all efforts to investigate the iraqgate allegations , and members of the house banking committee did not rule out the possibility that they would make a more specific [ask for] to barr for the appointment of a special prosecutor .

On Aug. 24 , the prosecution granted Zhivkov 's request for more time , giving him until Sept. 11 to prepare his defence in connection with charges of alleged racial discrimination and incitement to racial hatred against Bulgaria 's ethnic Turks .
on aug. 24 , the prosecution granted zhivkov 's [ask for] for more time , giving him until sept. 11 to prepare his defence in connection with charges of alleged racial discrimination and incitement to racial hatred against bulgaria 's ethnic turks .

On Aug. 4 the Federal Constitutional Court approved a request for a preliminary injunction preventing the entry into force on Aug. 5 of the legislation on abortion which had been approved by parliament in June and July [ see p. 38977 ] .
on aug. 4 the federal constitutional court approved a [ask for] for a preliminary injunction preventing the entry into force on aug. 5 of the legislation on abortion which had been approved by parliament in june and july [ see p. 38977 ] .

The request had been brought by 247 conservative MPs including Chancellor Helmut Kohl , and was supported by the Bavarian government .
the [ask for] had been brought by 247 conservative mps including chancellor helmut kohl , and was supported by the bavarian government .

On the request of Defence Minister Patricio Rojas Saavedra , the Supreme Court appointed a special judge to investigate the case .
on the [ask for] of defence minister patricio rojas saavedra , the supreme court appointed a special judge to investigate the case .

Gen. Suchinda also invited Vietnamese officials to observe Thai military exercises and activities , apparently making this offer after Vietnamese officials had turned down his request to visit the Soviet naval base at Cam Ranh .
gen. suchinda also invited vietnamese officials to observe thai military exercises and activities , apparently making this offer after vietnamese officials had turned down his [ask for] to visit the soviet naval base at cam ranh .

Le Monde of Jan. 15 also reported that Kuwait 's ambassador in Baghdad , held under house arrest since Aug. 2 , 1990 and suffering from heart problems , had been released at the request of King Hussein and given permission to leave Iraq .
le monde of jan. 15 also reported that kuwait 's ambassador in baghdad , held under house arrest since aug. 2 , 1990 and suffering from heart problems , had been released at the [ask for] of king hussein and given permission to leave iraq .

The Cabinet resigned on Jan. 15 at the request of President Carlos Menem , following allegations by the United States ambassador , Terence Todman , that several government ministers and the President 's economic adviser and brother-in-law , Emir Yoma , had been involved in bribery and corruption .
the cabinet resigned on jan. 15 at the [ask for] of president carlos menem , following allegations by the united states ambassador , terence todman , that several government ministers and the president 's economic adviser and brother-in-law , emir yoma , had been involved in bribery and corruption .

The military intervention had followed a formal request by the Sind government on May 28 for the deployment of troops to maintain law and order under Article 147 of the Constitution , which guaranteed civilian supremacy .
the military intervention had followed a formal [ask for] by the sind government on may 28 for the deployment of troops to maintain law and order under article 147 of the constitution , which guaranteed civilian supremacy .

The request for a deployment under this article ended weeks of political wrangling , during which the army had urged that it should be given wide martial law powers to act in Sind under Article 245 of the Constitution .
the [ask for] for a deployment under this article ended weeks of political wrangling , during which the army had urged that it should be given wide martial law powers to act in sind under article 245 of the constitution .

On June 25 Iran , reportedly at the request of the leadership council of Lebanese Hezbollahreleased 40 Lebanese taken as prisoners of war during the Iran-Iraq war .
on june 25 iran , reportedly at the [ask for] of the leadership council of lebanese hezbollahreleased 40 lebanese taken as prisoners of war during the iran-iraq war .

The Austrian government on Sept. 16 rejected a request for political asylum from Markus Wolf , the former head of East German intelligence from 1958 to 1987 who had been in the Soviet Union for the past year and who was wanted in Germany on charges of espionage .
the austrian government on sept. 16 rejected a [ask for] for political asylum from markus wolf , the former head of east german intelligence from 1958 to 1987 who had been in the soviet union for the past year and who was wanted in germany on charges of espionage .

After Bush 's Sept. 6 appeal to Congress , the Israeli ambassador in Washington , Zalman Shoval , presented a formal request for the loan guarantees .
after bush 's sept. 6 appeal to congress , the israeli ambassador in washington , zalman shoval , presented a formal [ask for] for the loan guarantees .

If the request were to be included in a foreign aid appropriations bill already going through the Senate , it could secure approval by Sept. 30 ( the end of the 1991 fiscal year ) .
if the [ask for] were to be included in a foreign aid appropriations bill already going through the senate , it could secure approval by sept. 30 ( the end of the 1991 fiscal year ) .

The request had reportedly been postponed once already at the urging of the Bush administration , in April 1991 .
the [ask for] had reportedly been postponed once already at the urging of the bush administration , in april 1991 .

At the end of September Israel 's loan guarantee request remained pending in both houses of Congress .
at the end of september israel 's loan guarantee [ask for] remained pending in both houses of congress .

The Council of Ministers is appointed by the Prime Minister ( himself appointed by the President ) on the President 's request .
the council of ministers is appointed by the prime minister ( himself appointed by the president ) on the president 's [ask for] .

Request for aircraft for relief operations
[ask for] for aircraft for relief operations

President Arpad Göncz on April 2 refused the request of Lt.-Gen. Kalman Lörincz to be relieved of his post as Commander of the Hungarian Army .
president arpad göncz on april 2 refused the [ask for] of lt.-gen. kalman lörincz to be relieved of his post as commander of the hungarian army .

However , at the request of Prime Minister Petre Roman on March 21 they had withdrawn their resignations , as had Resources and Industry Minister Mihai Zisu ( whose offer to resign had officially been on health grounds ) .
however , at the [ask for] of prime minister petre roman on march 21 they had withdrawn their resignations , as had resources and industry minister mihai zisu ( whose offer to resign had officially been on health grounds ) .

Gore 's proposal went far beyond the informal investigation begun in May at the request of House Speaker Tom Foley .
gore 's proposal went far beyond the informal investigation begun in may at the [ask for] of house speaker tom foley .

President Vaclav Havel had suggested on June 2 a time limit of two years on the screening process , while proposing also that the courts should have special sections to provide citizens with copies of their secret police files on request , and that applicants for high government and state jobs should be required to produce a certificate of non-collaboration .
president vaclav havel had suggested on june 2 a time limit of two years on the screening process , while proposing also that the courts should have special sections to provide citizens with copies of their secret police files on [ask for] , and that applicants for high government and state jobs should be required to produce a certificate of non-collaboration .

Many were reportedly angered by the Amir 's decision to restore the National Council despite their request not to do so at a meeting on May 28 between opposition leaders and government ministers .
many were reportedly angered by the amir 's decision to restore the national council despite their [ask for] not to do so at a meeting on may 28 between opposition leaders and government ministers .

Representatives of Slovenia attended the meeting as guests of the Austrian delegation , but the Yugoslav Foreign Ministry reportedly refused the Slovene request to be part of the Yugoslav delegation .
representatives of slovenia attended the meeting as guests of the austrian delegation , but the yugoslav foreign ministry reportedly refused the slovene [ask for] to be part of the yugoslav delegation .

Johnson 's forces had pulled back from the centre at the request of Dogonyaro .
johnson 's forces had pulled back from the centre at the [ask for] of dogonyaro .

His decision to repeal them followed , according to the state news agency , a request to do so from the government of the new Prime Minister Taher al-Masri [ see p. 38311 ] , to be in line with moves `` to continue building our democratic march and to give greater political freedoms `` .
his decision to repeal them followed , according to the state news agency , a [ask for] to do so from the government of the new prime minister taher al-masri [ see p. 38311 ] , to be in line with moves `` to continue building our democratic march and to give greater political freedoms `` .

Kohl described the military regime of former president Gen. Augusto Pinochet Ugarte as a " dictatorship " and compared it to the former East German regime headed by Erich Honecker ( whose request for political asylum in Chile had recently been rejected ) .
kohl described the military regime of former president gen. augusto pinochet ugarte as a " dictatorship " and compared it to the former east german regime headed by erich honecker ( whose [ask for] for political asylum in chile had recently been rejected ) .

On Oct. 11 Svein Urdal resigned as chief of intelligence after it was revealed that 10 out of some 100 Palestinian asylum seekers who arrived in Norway in late 1990 and early 1991 had been interviewed by the Israeli security service Mossad at the request of Norwegian police .
on oct. 11 svein urdal resigned as chief of intelligence after it was revealed that 10 out of some 100 palestinian asylum seekers who arrived in norway in late 1990 and early 1991 had been interviewed by the israeli security service mossad at the [ask for] of norwegian police .

Request for debt write-off
[ask for] for debt write-off

He declared that neither he nor Dumas , who were on an official visit to Oman at the time , were informed of the request for entry .
he declared that neither he nor dumas , who were on an official visit to oman at the time , were informed of the [ask for] for entry .

The visit had been postponed from December 1991 , apparently because Syria had failed to act on France 's December 1988 request for the extradition of the condemned Nazi war criminal Aloïs Brunner [ see pp. 36414 ; 38695 ] .
the visit had been postponed from december 1991 , apparently because syria had failed to act on france 's december 1988 [ask for] for the extradition of the condemned nazi war criminal aloïs brunner [ see pp. 36414 ; 38695 ] .

Menem 's announcement came in response to a request by the World Jewish Congress , some of whose members he had invited to Buenos Aires to witness the signature of the decree .
menem 's announcement came in response to a [ask for] by the world jewish congress , some of whose members he had invited to buenos aires to witness the signature of the decree .

Mitsotakis rejected an Albanian request that the Cams should be allowed to return to Greece and reclaim property there , telling an Albanian journalist that although compensation for property might be subject to negotiation , the Cams had left as war criminals and international law on this subject should be observed .
mitsotakis rejected an albanian [ask for] that the cams should be allowed to return to greece and reclaim property there , telling an albanian journalist that although compensation for property might be subject to negotiation , the cams had left as war criminals and international law on this subject should be observed .

He noted that the government commission which he had established to investigate the Parys affair had paid more attention to this than the commission later appointed at Walesa 's request [ see p. 38881 ] .
he noted that the government commission which he had established to investigate the parys affair had paid more attention to this than the commission later appointed at walesa 's [ask for] [ see p. 38881 ] .

The law ensured the `` autonomy `` of the armed forces but expanded their existing responsibilities for sovereignty and national territorial integrity to involve them in civil defence and the restoration of internal order at the request of the head of the Senate .
the law ensured the `` autonomy `` of the armed forces but expanded their existing responsibilities for sovereignty and national territorial integrity to involve them in civil defence and the restoration of internal order at the [ask for] of the head of the senate .

There remained unresolved issues in connection with the Iranian state 's share in Eurodif ( a uranium enrichment company ) and Iran 's request to be supplied nuclear fuel by that company .
there remained unresolved issues in connection with the iranian state 's share in eurodif ( a uranium enrichment company ) and iran 's [ask for] to be supplied nuclear fuel by that company .

The terms of the 1977 defence treaty between Djibouti and France allowed for France to respond to a request for military intervention if Djibouti 's frontiers were threatened by " foreign armed forces " , but not , according to Le Monde of Nov. 19 , if the request concerned the " maintenance or restoration of public order inside the territory " .
the terms of the 1977 defence treaty between djibouti and france allowed for france to respond to a [ask for] for military intervention if djibouti 's frontiers were threatened by " foreign armed forces " , but not , according to le monde of nov. 19 , if the [ask for] concerned the " maintenance or restoration of public order inside the territory " .

Red Cross workers were banned from the military hospital where the wounded were being treated until interrogations were completed ; on Nov. 24 they were permitted to speak to the 89 wounded , but a request for private interviews with 47 other detainees was refused .
red cross workers were banned from the military hospital where the wounded were being treated until interrogations were completed ; on nov. 24 they were permitted to speak to the 89 wounded , but a [ask for] for private interviews with 47 other detainees was refused .

Request for extradition of French agent
[ask for] for extradition of french agent

Gosbank had warned on Nov.29 that it would cease payments to central government , after the Supreme Soviet refused to endorse a request for 90,500 million roubles credit to finance the last quarter budget deficit and pay state employees [ for budget deficit see p. 38301 ] .
gosbank had warned on nov.29 that it would cease payments to central government , after the supreme soviet refused to endorse a [ask for] for 90,500 million roubles credit to finance the last quarter budget deficit and pay state employees [ for budget deficit see p. 38301 ] .

Azerbaijan had made a formal request for recognition on Nov. 5 , following an unofficial visit to Turkey by Prime Minister Gasan Gasanov on Nov. 3-4 , when he held talks with Turkish leaders .
azerbaijan had made a formal [ask for] for recognition on nov. 5 , following an unofficial visit to turkey by prime minister gasan gasanov on nov. 3-4 , when he held talks with turkish leaders .

Vananu 's brother Meir Vananu told the Davar newspaper that the court had `` rejected my brother 's request to allow the public to know how he was brought to Israel `` .
vananu 's brother meir vananu told the davar newspaper that the court had `` rejected my brother 's [ask for] to allow the public to know how he was brought to israel `` .

On Sept. 23 the commission of inquiry into township violence headed by Judge Richard Goldstone [ see p. 38991 ] at de Klerk 's request began an investigation into the Bisho killings .
on sept. 23 the commission of inquiry into township violence headed by judge richard goldstone [ see p. 38991 ] at de klerk 's [ask for] began an investigation into the bisho killings .

Armenian request for Turkish grain
armenian [ask for] for turkish grain

The German authorities announced that they would request his extradition in connection with his alleged collaboration with international terrorists and in particular the 1983 bombing of the French consulate in Berlin [ see p. 33039 ] .
the german authorities announced that they would [ask for] his extradition in connection with his alleged collaboration with international terrorists and in particular the 1983 bombing of the french consulate in berlin [ see p. 33039 ] .

The Prime Minister announced on Nov. 26 that some months earlier the Queen had asked him to consider the basis on which she might voluntarily pay tax on her personal income and also take responsibility for certain payments to additional members of the royal family ; the Prince of Wales had made a similar request with regard to the Duchy of Cornwall .
the prime minister announced on nov. 26 that some months earlier the queen had asked him to consider the basis on which she might voluntarily pay tax on her personal income and also take responsibility for certain payments to additional members of the royal family ; the prince of wales had made a similar [ask for] with regard to the duchy of cornwall .

The Niue Assembly comprises 20 members ( 14 village representatives and six elected on a common roll ) and has legislative authority , but it can also request New Zealand to legislate for the island .
the niue assembly comprises 20 members ( 14 village representatives and six elected on a common roll ) and has legislative authority , but it can also [ask for] new zealand to legislate for the island .

The Premier dismissed the Minister of Finance , Sani Lakatani , and the Minister of Works , Frank Lui , on Sept. 18 , 1990 , after they refused to resign at his request .
the premier dismissed the minister of finance , sani lakatani , and the minister of works , frank lui , on sept. 18 , 1990 , after they refused to resign at his [ask for] .

The Lord Advocate of Scotland and the head of the Scottish police team investigating the bombing said on Dec. 15 , 1989 , that they were not near to making arrests and that there were no immediate plans to request Talb 's extradition .
the lord advocate of scotland and the head of the scottish police team investigating the bombing said on dec. 15 , 1989 , that they were not near to making arrests and that there were no immediate plans to [ask for] talb 's extradition .

In a first move of this kind , the government on May 16 formally lodged a request with Syria for the extradition of Alois Brunner , who was alleged to have ordered the deportation of 100,000 Jews from Germany and France .
in a first move of this kind , the government on may 16 formally lodged a [ask for] with syria for the extradition of alois brunner , who was alleged to have ordered the deportation of 100,000 jews from germany and france .

( France had made a similar request in December 1988 — see p. 36414 . )
( france had made a similar [ask for] in december 1988 — see p. 36414 . )

The referendum had been scheduled for November but had been postponed at the request of the political parties following the transitional government 's evident difficulties in drawing up a voters ' register .
the referendum had been scheduled for november but had been postponed at the [ask for] of the political parties following the transitional government 's evident difficulties in drawing up a voters ' register .

Any information gained from aerial surveillance would have to be made available to other signatory countries on request .
any information gained from aerial surveillance would have to be made available to other signatory countries on [ask for] .

Foreign Affairs Minister Raffi Hovhannesyan announced on Oct. 16 that he was resigning at the request of President Levon Ter-Petrosyan over " apparent policy disagreement " .
foreign affairs minister raffi hovhannesyan announced on oct. 16 that he was resigning at the [ask for] of president levon ter-petrosyan over " apparent policy disagreement " .

During April parliament debated and approved a directive detailing the reporting procedures under which voluntary euthanasia ( the termination of another person 's life at his or her request ) was permissible .
during april parliament debated and approved a directive detailing the reporting procedures under which voluntary euthanasia ( the termination of another person 's life at his or her [ask for] ) was permissible .

The vote was made at the request of Mitsotakis after he dismissed Foreign Minister Antonis Samaras and assumed the post himself on April 13 .
the vote was made at the [ask for] of mitsotakis after he dismissed foreign minister antonis samaras and assumed the post himself on april 13 .

Gennady Burbulis , was dismissed as First Deputy Premier by Yeltsin `` at his own request `` on April 3 .
gennady burbulis , was dismissed as first deputy premier by yeltsin `` at his own [ask for] `` on april 3 .

Local leaders attributed it to a request made at the Russian Congress of People 's Deputies by the Chair of South Ossetia 's Supreme Soviet , Torez Kolumbegov , for the autonomous region in Georgia to be reintegrated in the Russian Federation [ for January referendum in favour of reintegration see pp .
local leaders attributed it to a [ask for] made at the russian congress of people 's deputies by the chair of south ossetia 's supreme soviet , torez kolumbegov , for the autonomous region in georgia to be reintegrated in the russian federation [ for january referendum in favour of reintegration see pp .

Iulian Vlad , the former head of the Securitate ( secret police ) , instead increasing his prison term from nine to 12 years , at the request of the prosecution .
iulian vlad , the former head of the securitate ( secret police ) , instead increasing his prison term from nine to 12 years , at the [ask for] of the prosecution .

Upon their return to Washington , Cheney and Powell reported on Feb. 11 to Bush , who implied that they had conveyed no request from the military for an imminent beginning of the ground war , and that the air campaign would be continued " for a while " .
upon their return to washington , cheney and powell reported on feb. 11 to bush , who implied that they had conveyed no [ask for] from the military for an imminent beginning of the ground war , and that the air campaign would be continued " for a while " .

President George Bush presented to Congress on Feb. 4 a $ 1,445,900 million budget request for the fiscal year 1992 ( beginning Oct. 1 , 1991 ) .
president george bush presented to congress on feb. 4 a $ 1,445,900 million budget [ask for] for the fiscal year 1992 ( beginning oct. 1 , 1991 ) .

On education , a $ 6,200 million remedial education programme was the centre of the administration 's request .
on education , a $ 6,200 million remedial education programme was the centre of the administration 's [ask for] .

The ban complied with a request by the head of a judicial commission set up to investigate instances of corruption and abuse perpetrated by the 29-year Duvalier family dictatorship and by successor governments .
the ban complied with a [ask for] by the head of a judicial commission set up to investigate instances of corruption and abuse perpetrated by the 29-year duvalier family dictatorship and by successor governments .

The Washington Post of Feb. 12 reported that Arens made a request for greater US-Israeli co-ordination , including sharing of so-called `` friend-or-foe `` recognition codes to avoid conflict between the two countries ' military aircraft in the event of Israel entering the conflict .
the washington post of feb. 12 reported that arens made a [ask for] for greater us-israeli co-ordination , including sharing of so-called `` friend-or-foe `` recognition codes to avoid conflict between the two countries ' military aircraft in the event of israel entering the conflict .

( 6 ) No liability shall arise by virtue of subsection ( 3 ) above if — ( a ) before the date on which proceedings to enforce the liability are finally disposed of , the former residential occupier is reinstated in the premises in question in such circumstances that he becomes again the residential occupier of them ; or ( b ) at the request of the former residential occupier , a court makes an order ( whether in the nature of an injunction or otherwise ) as a result of which he is reinstated as mentioned in paragraph ( a ) above …
( 6 ) no liability shall arise by virtue of subsection ( 3 ) above if — ( a ) before the date on which proceedings to enforce the liability are finally disposed of , the former residential occupier is reinstated in the premises in question in such circumstances that he becomes again the residential occupier of them ; or ( b ) at the [ask for] of the former residential occupier , a court makes an order ( whether in the nature of an injunction or otherwise ) as a result of which he is reinstated as mentioned in paragraph ( a ) above …

Similarly , maintenance staff may need to be sent quickly to carry out repairs at the request of a particular guest .
similarly , maintenance staff may need to be sent quickly to carry out repairs at the [ask for] of a particular guest .

Thus this potentially serious and face-threatening act — of refusing a polite request , immediately and without excuse — is treated by both the requester and the refuser as non-serious , eliciting laughter .
thus this potentially serious and face-threatening act — of refusing a polite [ask for] , immediately and without excuse — is treated by both the requester and the refuser as non-serious , eliciting laughter .

Clarence entered the park at the request of the Trust to repair the gas cooker in the cafeteria .
clarence entered the park at the [ask for] of the trust to repair the gas cooker in the cafeteria .

( b ) The request by the consumer must have occurred within a reasonable time of the occurrence of the damage ( s. 2(3) ( b ) ) .
( b ) the [ask for] by the consumer must have occurred within a reasonable time of the occurrence of the damage ( s. 2(3) ( b ) ) .

( d ) The supplier must have failed within a reasonable time of the request , to comply with it or to identify the person who supplied him with the product ( s. 2(3) ( c ) ) .
( d ) the supplier must have failed within a reasonable time of the [ask for] , to comply with it or to identify the person who supplied him with the product ( s. 2(3) ( c ) ) .

He says that he worked at Emma 's request to produce a record of the deeds which touched upon the honour of her and hers , and the oldest surviving manuscript , which is very close to the author 's original , may be the copy she received : it contains a miniature which shows an ecclesiastic presenting a book to a woman while two figures , presumably her sons Harthacnut and Edward , look on .
he says that he worked at emma 's [ask for] to produce a record of the deeds which touched upon the honour of her and hers , and the oldest surviving manuscript , which is very close to the author 's original , may be the copy she received : it contains a miniature which shows an ecclesiastic presenting a book to a woman while two figures , presumably her sons harthacnut and edward , look on .

The latter , in addition to recording the histories of Anglo-Saxon kings and churchmen , chronicled that of Glastonbury Abbey at the request of its monks , and several other monasteries , including Abingdon , Ely , Evesham , Peterborough and Ramsey , also had histories written at about this time .
the latter , in addition to recording the histories of anglo-saxon kings and churchmen , chronicled that of glastonbury abbey at the [ask for] of its monks , and several other monasteries , including abingdon , ely , evesham , peterborough and ramsey , also had histories written at about this time .

For example , the account of Cnut 's visit to Sherborne in Goscelin 's Life of St Wulfsige is very likely based on Sherborne tradition , as Goscelin , a monk of St Omer , came to England at the invitation of Bishop Hermann of Sherborne , probably spent time in the community there , and was writing at Hermann 's request .
for example , the account of cnut 's visit to sherborne in goscelin 's life of st wulfsige is very likely based on sherborne tradition , as goscelin , a monk of st omer , came to england at the invitation of bishop hermann of sherborne , probably spent time in the community there , and was writing at hermann 's [ask for] .

Agreements that fall within the ambit of Article 85 are investigated by the Commission on the receipt of a complaint and/or request for exemption .
agreements that fall within the ambit of article 85 are investigated by the commission on the receipt of a complaint and/or [ask for] for exemption .

( 3 ) The Auditors shall within fourteen days of a request by the Company certify to the Company the Prescribed Price , that is to say the price which in their opinion represents a fair value for the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice as between a willing vendor and a willing purchaser and , in making such determination , the Auditors shall not take any account of whether such Shares comprise a majority or minority interest in the Company ( and shall assume that the entire issued share capital of the Company is being sold ) .
( 3 ) the auditors shall within fourteen days of a [ask for] by the company certify to the company the prescribed price , that is to say the price which in their opinion represents a fair value for the shares comprised in the transfer notice as between a willing vendor and a willing purchaser and , in making such determination , the auditors shall not take any account of whether such shares comprise a majority or minority interest in the company ( and shall assume that the entire issued share capital of the company is being sold ) .

( 3 ) The Auditors shall within fourteen days of a request by the Company certify to the Company the Prescribed Price , that is to say the price which in their opinion represents a fair value for the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice as between a willing vendor and a willing purchaser and , in making such determination , the Auditors shall not take any account of whether such Shares comprise a majority or minority interest in the Company ( and shall assume that the entire issued share capital of the Company is being sold ) .
( 3 ) the auditors shall within fourteen days of a [ask for] by the company certify to the company the prescribed price , that is to say the price which in their opinion represents a fair value for the shares comprised in the transfer notice as between a willing vendor and a willing purchaser and , in making such determination , the auditors shall not take any account of whether such shares comprise a majority or minority interest in the company ( and shall assume that the entire issued share capital of the company is being sold ) .

The situation is much simpler where software is written for and at the request of a client .
the situation is much simpler where software is written for and at the [ask for] of a client .

Usually , the contract will mention the fee , but this provision might be useful if the supplier takes on additional work at the request of the other party and no mention is made at the time of agreement of the charge for this extra work .
usually , the contract will mention the fee , but this provision might be useful if the supplier takes on additional work at the [ask for] of the other party and no mention is made at the time of agreement of the charge for this extra work .

Forms to arrange direct debit payment are available on request .
forms to arrange direct debit payment are available on [ask for] .

In all cases the respondent may request in writing that the disciplinary findings be published .
in all cases the respondent may [ask for] in writing that the disciplinary findings be published .

Members are encouraged to request from the information office a prepared guide to all the facilities available .
members are encouraged to [ask for] from the information office a prepared guide to all the facilities available .

In categorising this information , in what is a sorting process , we have the basis of providing information on request .
in categorising this information , in what is a sorting process , we have the basis of providing information on [ask for] .

The monk , indeed , has commercial dealings as part of his duties as a monk , as and on this account he is able to request a loan of the merchant , without occasioning the slightest suspicion .
the monk , indeed , has commercial dealings as part of his duties as a monk , as and on this account he is able to [ask for] a loan of the merchant , without occasioning the slightest suspicion .

He words his request in a particularly ironic way : We may note here in passing the same coarse innuendo as in Dame Sirith , where the money is paid to the dame `` `` To buggen sep and swin `` `` .
he words his [ask for] in a particularly ironic way : we may note here in passing the same coarse innuendo as in dame sirith , where the money is paid to the dame `` `` to buggen sep and swin `` `` .

Absolon 's unfortunate request for a kiss — which he hopes will be a sign of things to come — itself comes as the conclusion of a pastiche of literary models and sources including the lover 's complaint and the Old Testament 's Song of Solomon ( 3698 – 726 ) .
absolon 's unfortunate [ask for] for a kiss — which he hopes will be a sign of things to come — itself comes as the conclusion of a pastiche of literary models and sources including the lover 's complaint and the old testament 's song of solomon ( 3698 – 726 ) .

She was the choreographer and producer of their ‘ Sounds Scarlet ’ item at the Albert Hall Festival and by popular request will take a practical session in October .
she was the choreographer and producer of their ‘ sounds scarlet ’ item at the albert hall festival and by popular [ask for] will take a practical session in october .

The Business Fitness folders are now available on request .
the business fitness folders are now available on [ask for] .

We need to make a special effort to fundraise this year — so — Please publicise this with your class members and also request contributions for the stalls and contact holders as follows : —
we need to make a special effort to fundraise this year — so — please publicise this with your class members and also [ask for] contributions for the stalls and contact holders as follows : —

In spite of the request for an immediate return , which accompanied the new pink slip , to the office or to Jean Parmiter with the required information over 60 teachers had to be contacted by telephone , a time consuming and expensive way of acquiring the figures etc. needed for the Annual Report . Once again please send in details when they are needed … on time !
in spite of the [ask for] for an immediate return , which accompanied the new pink slip , to the office or to jean parmiter with the required information over 60 teachers had to be contacted by telephone , a time consuming and expensive way of acquiring the figures etc. needed for the annual report . once again please send in details when they are needed … on time !

More application brochures can be obtained on request from the Medau Office .
more application brochures can be obtained on [ask for] from the medau office .

If however the means used is simply the issuing of a request as in ( 176 ) , then the causee can either be represented as being brought to perform some action as a result of the request ( get ) or as doing something under the influence or authority of the causer ( have ) .
if however the means used is simply the issuing of a [ask for] as in ( 176 ) , then the causee can either be represented as being brought to perform some action as a result of the [ask for] ( get ) or as doing something under the influence or authority of the causer ( have ) .

The suppression of to has the effect of leaving no distance between the request and the action requested so that the actualization of the request is represented as carrying with it the realization of what is asked .
the suppression of to has the effect of leaving no distance between the [ask for] and the action requested so that the actualization of the [ask for] is represented as carrying with it the realization of what is asked .

This is like taking for granted the will of the person to whom the request is made and leaving no room for him to say no — treating him as an instrument — whence the tone of excessive familiarity .
this is like taking for granted the will of the person to whom the [ask for] is made and leaving no room for him to say no — treating him as an instrument — whence the tone of excessive familiarity .

to evoke it as something which the person receiving the request may or may not decide to do .
to evoke it as something which the person receiving the [ask for] may or may not decide to do .

( In passing this is why how and why can function as interrogative adverbs to request identification of the means required to achieve some end or the reason for something . )
( in passing this is why how and why can function as interrogative adverbs to [ask for] identification of the means required to achieve some end or the reason for something . )

Friedrich ( 1961 : 34 – 7 ) gives the following list of substantives followed by the infinitive with to : attempt , decision , right , willingness , inclination , need , request , permission , promise , order , wish , petition , desire , goodness , impudence , cheek , impulse , endeavour , inspiration , ability , possibility , chance , occasion , obligation , determination , aim , propensity , the wit , tendency , temptation , hesitation , refusal , reluctance , failure .
friedrich ( 1961 : 34 – 7 ) gives the following list of substantives followed by the infinitive with to : attempt , decision , right , willingness , inclination , need , [ask for] , permission , promise , order , wish , petition , desire , goodness , impudence , cheek , impulse , endeavour , inspiration , ability , possibility , chance , occasion , obligation , determination , aim , propensity , the wit , tendency , temptation , hesitation , refusal , reluctance , failure .

Martha 's look of request , or appeal , between her shadowing lashes , was one that Tilda would not disregard .
martha 's look of [ask for] , or appeal , between her shadowing lashes , was one that tilda would not disregard .

He enclosed a paper of questions to be put to them if any such were located and clearly this request was responsible for a report Sir Daniel had compiled on his own account about the Coniston mines that same year .
he enclosed a paper of questions to be put to them if any such were located and clearly this [ask for] was responsible for a report sir daniel had compiled on his own account about the coniston mines that same year .

Tolson was most urgent in his request for details on Royalties and likely conditions of lease , promising none-the-less to make a start the next summer .
tolson was most urgent in his [ask for] for details on royalties and likely conditions of lease , promising none-the-less to make a start the next summer .

It does seem though , that nothing came of these leases , and during 1749 upon request by Sir William Fleming , one John Lawson ( a Quaker ) sent up Joseph Vipone to see the mines at Coniston and for this Lawson paid him 12s. plus 4s. for a horse for four days . The following year Lawson requested reimbursement of this sum from Sir William , claiming that it had been paid from his own pocket !
it does seem though , that nothing came of these leases , and during 1749 upon [ask for] by sir william fleming , one john lawson ( a quaker ) sent up joseph vipone to see the mines at coniston and for this lawson paid him 12s. plus 4s. for a horse for four days . the following year lawson requested reimbursement of this sum from sir william , claiming that it had been paid from his own pocket !

Once again , it would appear , the request was denied .
once again , it would appear , the [ask for] was denied .

When a request rather than a command is intended , please is often added : Shut the door !
when a [ask for] rather than a command is intended , please is often added : shut the door !

On the death of his wife Lambarde feared he might lose the right to stay at Halling and petitioned a request to Lord Burghley through his friend Lord Cobham , to ask for custody of Maximilian and a lease to the Palace , which was granted a few days later .
on the death of his wife lambarde feared he might lose the right to stay at halling and petitioned a [ask for] to lord burghley through his friend lord cobham , to ask for custody of maximilian and a lease to the palace , which was granted a few days later .

The user presents a specific request to the system to which the system responds with a specific document .
the user presents a specific [ask for] to the system to which the system responds with a specific document .

Some dy after you have mastered the language , a request may come from a government official , an anthropologist or a missionary , for help in learning the language .
some dy after you have mastered the language , a [ask for] may come from a government official , an anthropologist or a missionary , for help in learning the language .

Any request for such explicitness is met by vague waffle and stereotyped pantomime response .
any [ask for] for such explicitness is met by vague waffle and stereotyped pantomime response .

There is a request for action to produce a decision .
there is a [ask for] for action to produce a decision .

When does a request become a `` demand `` ?
when does a [ask for] become a `` demand `` ?

Our first request was completely ignored but after repeated less polite challenges and several near collisions , coupled with a threat to call in the British Navy , the skipper became more amenable and followed us reluctantly into Folkestone .
our first [ask for] was completely ignored but after repeated less polite challenges and several near collisions , coupled with a threat to call in the british navy , the skipper became more amenable and followed us reluctantly into folkestone .

Confessions after the Vigil Mass and on request .
confessions after the vigil mass and on [ask for] .

‘ ( The European Parliament ) … considers that , in the absence of palliative care correctly provided at both psychological and medical level , each time a fully conscious patient insistently and repeatedly requests an end to an existence which has for him been robbed of all dignity , and each time a team of doctors created for that purpose , established the impossibility of providing further specific care , the request should be satisfied without thereby involving any breach of respect for human life . ’
‘ ( the european parliament ) … considers that , in the absence of palliative care correctly provided at both psychological and medical level , each time a fully conscious patient insistently and repeatedly requests an end to an existence which has for him been robbed of all dignity , and each time a team of doctors created for that purpose , established the impossibility of providing further specific care , the [ask for] should be satisfied without thereby involving any breach of respect for human life . ’

They state that when terminally-ill patients who are still able to make decisions , request a doctor 's help to die , such requests for active termination of life by a medical act , which directly and intentionally causes death , may be morally justifiable and should be given serious consideration .
they state that when terminally-ill patients who are still able to make decisions , [ask for] a doctor 's help to die , such requests for active termination of life by a medical act , which directly and intentionally causes death , may be morally justifiable and should be given serious consideration .

Doctors who are asked to end patients ' lives are , however , urged to undertake a scrupulously careful inquiry into the circumstances of the request .
doctors who are asked to end patients ' lives are , however , urged to undertake a scrupulously careful inquiry into the circumstances of the [ask for] .

They should consider alternative courses of action which might remove the cause of the request , e.g :
they should consider alternative courses of action which might remove the cause of the [ask for] , e.g :

The guidelines say that there should be no treatment given to cause death , at the request of a patient who is unable to make rational decisions for himself .
the guidelines say that there should be no treatment given to cause death , at the [ask for] of a patient who is unable to make rational decisions for himself .

Alternatively the Board can provide an invigilator , at the request of the tutor , in which case the date of the examination will need to be confirmed by the Foundation Test Secretary .
alternatively the board can provide an invigilator , at the [ask for] of the tutor , in which case the date of the examination will need to be confirmed by the foundation test secretary .

The floral tributes varied from fresh to wreaths of plastic flowers and most families request their relatives are dressed , the funeral home produces suits and dresses specifically for this purpose , bodies lie ‘ in state ’ to allow family and friends to pay their respects .
the floral tributes varied from fresh to wreaths of plastic flowers and most families [ask for] their relatives are dressed , the funeral home produces suits and dresses specifically for this purpose , bodies lie ‘ in state ’ to allow family and friends to pay their respects .

In half ( 11 cases ) this was at the patients ' request because of poor function .
in half ( 11 cases ) this was at the patients ' [ask for] because of poor function .

‘ Either at the request of some lady because it disturbed their bouncing on the royal bed .
‘ either at the [ask for] of some lady because it disturbed their bouncing on the royal bed .

Benjamin stammered out an apologetic request — how he would appreciate it if no one else was told about our visit .
benjamin stammered out an apologetic [ask for] — how he would appreciate it if no one else was told about our visit .

They had barely exchanged a word since Joshua had cross-examined Harvey some months ago — at John MacGregor 's request — in search of Emma Kerr 's killer .
they had barely exchanged a word since joshua had cross-examined harvey some months ago — at john macgregor 's [ask for] — in search of emma kerr 's killer .

Downing Street had originally put in a request for the Bridal Suite , only to discover that Jeffrey Archer had got in first .
downing street had originally put in a [ask for] for the bridal suite , only to discover that jeffrey archer had got in first .

During the seventies this form of finance became comparatively more attractive as it offered variable rates of interest ( which are tax deductible ) and the short nature of these loans was mitigated by the banks ' willingness to roll-over these loans on request .
during the seventies this form of finance became comparatively more attractive as it offered variable rates of interest ( which are tax deductible ) and the short nature of these loans was mitigated by the banks ' willingness to roll-over these loans on [ask for] .

Fignon said in a statement that he had asked for a second test at a different laboratory but his request had been turned down .
fignon said in a statement that he had asked for a second test at a different laboratory but his [ask for] had been turned down .

‘ Borrowers can pay more when rates move up , but they must come to a branch to make a specific request to do so .
‘ borrowers can pay more when rates move up , but they must come to a branch to make a specific [ask for] to do so .

The session , postponed at Britain 's request after the Peking bloodshed , was the first since hardline leaders triumphed in Peking in June .
the session , postponed at britain 's [ask for] after the peking bloodshed , was the first since hardline leaders triumphed in peking in june .

In February 1548 the English captain , Thomas Wharton , sent a bible to Dumfries , at the request of the citizens — while leading an English force in a border raid .
in february 1548 the english captain , thomas wharton , sent a bible to dumfries , at the [ask for] of the citizens — while leading an english force in a border raid .

Jackie stole pen , ink and paper from Biff 's office and Evelyn composed a simple request that the mill be visited because conditions were very bad and she thought that Biff needed help .
jackie stole pen , ink and paper from biff 's office and evelyn composed a simple [ask for] that the mill be visited because conditions were very bad and she thought that biff needed help .

Her desire and anxiety to anticipate her rider 's every request made her impossible to school in the restricted space of the dressage arena .
her desire and anxiety to anticipate her rider 's every [ask for] made her impossible to school in the restricted space of the dressage arena .

This sort of request has extremely complicated emotional , practical and social repercussions for the people who are left .
this sort of [ask for] has extremely complicated emotional , practical and social repercussions for the people who are left .

The anticipated sense of loss can be so strong and the wish to feel you have done everything the dying person wanted so real that the people involved will often comply no matter how outrageous the request .
the anticipated sense of loss can be so strong and the wish to feel you have done everything the dying person wanted so real that the people involved will often comply no matter how outrageous the [ask for] .

Technically she might also refuse a request for a dissolution , although it is hard to imagine her ever doing so .
technically she might also refuse a [ask for] for a dissolution , although it is hard to imagine her ever doing so .

Miss Bruce 's distaste for innovation made itself manifest in the dreary proposals served up to the Conservative and Labour governments in the seventies — whenever a request for names for public duties arrived in her in-tray , the same roll-call of has-beens fell out of her out-tray .
miss bruce 's distaste for innovation made itself manifest in the dreary proposals served up to the conservative and labour governments in the seventies — whenever a [ask for] for names for public duties arrived in her in-tray , the same roll-call of has-beens fell out of her out-tray .

That elusive and incomplete report tantalizes in its suggestion that the conflict between two sets of ideas and institutions of government had crystallized , had produced a confrontation of philosophies symbolized with quite adequate drama in the request that the state should compensate the tribe for its fallen conscripts .
that elusive and incomplete report tantalizes in its suggestion that the conflict between two sets of ideas and institutions of government had crystallized , had produced a confrontation of philosophies symbolized with quite adequate drama in the [ask for] that the state should compensate the tribe for its fallen conscripts .

One of Sue Lawley 's most expressive devices in Desert Island Discs is to punctuate any particularly emotive testimony with a tremulous moment 's pause , followed smartly by a record request .
one of sue lawley 's most expressive devices in desert island discs is to punctuate any particularly emotive testimony with a tremulous moment 's pause , followed smartly by a record [ask for] .

Three ministers announced that they were leaving the Government at their own request : Lord Belstead ( Ulster ) ; Mr Tim Renton ( Arts Minister ) ; and Mr Alan Howarth ( Education ) .
three ministers announced that they were leaving the government at their own [ask for] : lord belstead ( ulster ) ; mr tim renton ( arts minister ) ; and mr alan howarth ( education ) .

The International Court of Justice in The Hague yesterday rejected Col Gaddafi 's request for an injunction to prevent Britain , the United States and France from putting pressure on Libya to hand over the two suspects .
the international court of justice in the hague yesterday rejected col gaddafi 's [ask for] for an injunction to prevent britain , the united states and france from putting pressure on libya to hand over the two suspects .

With Mr Yeltsin absent from the Grand Kremlin Palace , the Congress of People 's Deputies voted down his request for an extension of his emergency executive powers until December .
with mr yeltsin absent from the grand kremlin palace , the congress of people 's deputies voted down his [ask for] for an extension of his emergency executive powers until december .

Mr Sinclair said preliminary inquiries were started into the incident , but were stopped at Mr Jowett 's request .
mr sinclair said preliminary inquiries were started into the incident , but were stopped at mr jowett 's [ask for] .

According to the application document , only homes which do not want to receive Channel 5 will be legally entitled to have their VCRs retuned free of charge by the licencee , who will have to settle the problem within three weeks of receiving a retuning request .
according to the application document , only homes which do not want to receive channel 5 will be legally entitled to have their vcrs retuned free of charge by the licencee , who will have to settle the problem within three weeks of receiving a retuning [ask for] .

The Heineken League management committee have turned down Llanelli 's request to have Saturday 's League game against Swansea postponed .
the heineken league management committee have turned down llanelli 's [ask for] to have saturday 's league game against swansea postponed .

Rome refused his first request to use bombs against the flows , menacing the agricultural community situated 1,600ft up the south-eastern slope of Europe 's highest volcano .
rome refused his first [ask for] to use bombs against the flows , menacing the agricultural community situated 1,600ft up the south-eastern slope of europe 's highest volcano .

The duties of a trustee may be indefinitely varied by the terms of the instrument which creates the trust , and may range from a mere duty to make a legal conveyance to the beneficiary at his request , and in the meantime to permit him to possess and enjoy the property , to extensive and onerous duties of management , sale , investment , and application of capital and income .
the duties of a trustee may be indefinitely varied by the terms of the instrument which creates the trust , and may range from a mere duty to make a legal conveyance to the beneficiary at his [ask for] , and in the meantime to permit him to possess and enjoy the property , to extensive and onerous duties of management , sale , investment , and application of capital and income .

request the Congress to amend the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 as may be necessary and desirable to permit close and fruitful collaboration of scientists and engineers of Great Britain , the United States , and other friendly countries .
[ask for] the congress to amend the atomic energy act of 1954 as may be necessary and desirable to permit close and fruitful collaboration of scientists and engineers of great britain , the united states , and other friendly countries .

On 28 June , before any request had been received from the ruler , Centaur and Bulwark were sailed for the Gulf ; the Amphibious Squadron left Bahrein for Kuwait with instructions to stay out of sight of land ; the Hunters and Shackletons were flown north from Aden to Bahrein ; a Canberra squadron was sent from Germany to Bahrein as well ; and 24th Brigade was alerted in Kenya and preparations were made to fly it to Kuwait in chartered civil aircraft .
on 28 june , before any [ask for] had been received from the ruler , centaur and bulwark were sailed for the gulf ; the amphibious squadron left bahrein for kuwait with instructions to stay out of sight of land ; the hunters and shackletons were flown north from aden to bahrein ; a canberra squadron was sent from germany to bahrein as well ; and 24th brigade was alerted in kenya and preparations were made to fly it to kuwait in chartered civil aircraft .

The request for military assistance came on 30 June .
the [ask for] for military assistance came on 30 june .

Further minor straws in the wind were Archbishop Makarios ’ request for British help in Cyprus in December 1963 , which drew in most of the Strategic Reserve 's 3rd Division before a hand-over to the United Nations could be negotiated ; and the quelling of the military mutinies in newly independent Tanzania , Kenya and Uganda in January 1964 , at their governments ’ request , by Commandos brought on the aircraft-carrier Centaur from Aden and by units of the Strategic Reserve in Kenya .
further minor straws in the wind were archbishop makarios ’ [ask for] for british help in cyprus in december 1963 , which drew in most of the strategic reserve 's 3rd division before a hand-over to the united nations could be negotiated ; and the quelling of the military mutinies in newly independent tanzania , kenya and uganda in january 1964 , at their governments ’ [ask for] , by commandos brought on the aircraft-carrier centaur from aden and by units of the strategic reserve in kenya .

Mr Shekhar has managed to avoid a diplomatic row with America by quietly persuading President Bush to withdraw his request for permission .
mr shekhar has managed to avoid a diplomatic row with america by quietly persuading president bush to withdraw his [ask for] for permission .

With Gatting dropping out of the Lord 's Test at his own request , Emburey could hardly have made a better start .
with gatting dropping out of the lord 's test at his own [ask for] , emburey could hardly have made a better start .

Having opened negotiations with the publishers Blackwood after Mr Noble 's death and having agreed to their request that he should supplement his choice of eleven country essays with a diary of his observations ‘ in English fields and woods ’ from 1 April 1895 to 30 March 1896 , he was busy reading the final proofs of The Woodland Life .
having opened negotiations with the publishers blackwood after mr noble 's death and having agreed to their [ask for] that he should supplement his choice of eleven country essays with a diary of his observations ‘ in english fields and woods ’ from 1 april 1895 to 30 march 1896 , he was busy reading the final proofs of the woodland life .

’ After a request for stamps , he describes a few enjoyable , healthy hours out of doors walking with Dad from ten to three without a rest : We met a country girl , pale faced , delicate , tall , wrapped up to her neck in winter clothes & feeling cold in spite of all ; her eyes were timid & weak ; evidently she was suffering as girls do , & was going out to get the fresh air .
’ after a [ask for] for stamps , he describes a few enjoyable , healthy hours out of doors walking with dad from ten to three without a rest : we met a country girl , pale faced , delicate , tall , wrapped up to her neck in winter clothes & feeling cold in spite of all ; her eyes were timid & weak ; evidently she was suffering as girls do , & was going out to get the fresh air .

Britain might take part in naval manoeuvres or keep military supplies in the region , but will refuse any request to station troops there .
britain might take part in naval manoeuvres or keep military supplies in the region , but will refuse any [ask for] to station troops there .

If the computer can not find the part at the local air base , the request is automatically forwarded , via satellite , to the right place back in America .
if the computer can not find the part at the local air base , the [ask for] is automatically forwarded , via satellite , to the right place back in america .

Soon , one field was not enough , and the request ‘ all in a good cause ’ — spread to Jane 's two other fields , so the horses , most of which did not belong to her , had to be moved to a farm , and she had to cope with angry owners .
soon , one field was not enough , and the [ask for] ‘ all in a good cause ’ — spread to jane 's two other fields , so the horses , most of which did not belong to her , had to be moved to a farm , and she had to cope with angry owners .

But the Dallas county commission , which owns the building , denied his request after a highly charged debate in which the director was labelled a provocateur .
but the dallas county commission , which owns the building , denied his [ask for] after a highly charged debate in which the director was labelled a provocateur .

The commissioners said they denied Mr Stone 's request to use this floor for fear of disrupting museum visitors .
the commissioners said they denied mr stone 's [ask for] to use this floor for fear of disrupting museum visitors .

But on March 20th , a week before the hearing was due , he withdrew his request , saying that he could not expect a fair hearing from the governor and had no wish to take part in an ‘ empty game ’ .
but on march 20th , a week before the hearing was due , he withdrew his [ask for] , saying that he could not expect a fair hearing from the governor and had no wish to take part in an ‘ empty game ’ .

Why then does America make the same request ?
why then does america make the same [ask for] ?

During the conference ( big cheeses from the State Department were dropping in and out all the time ) Mr Yavlinsky was told that , if his request were serious , it would need the imprimatur of both Mr Primakov and Mr Gorbachev .
during the conference ( big cheeses from the state department were dropping in and out all the time ) mr yavlinsky was told that , if his [ask for] were serious , it would need the imprimatur of both mr primakov and mr gorbachev .

The Baltic states featured in a Senate debate on May 15th on a Soviet request for $ 1.5 billion-worth of food credits .
the baltic states featured in a senate debate on may 15th on a soviet [ask for] for $ 1.5 billion-worth of food credits .

This debate can be taken as something of a dry-run of the political battle should a formal request for really massive aid be delivered .
this debate can be taken as something of a dry-run of the political battle should a formal [ask for] for really massive aid be delivered .

But he claims his request for details of the regulations was refused on the ground that they are ‘ very severe ’ and that Cameron Balloons would find it impossible to meet them .
but he claims his [ask for] for details of the regulations was refused on the ground that they are ‘ very severe ’ and that cameron balloons would find it impossible to meet them .

The woman , who has three children by him , is desperate to have her official designation changed from ‘ coloured ’ to white , so they can marry and become ‘ respectable ’ , and her struggle to live normally becomes impossible when the examining board refuses her request .
the woman , who has three children by him , is desperate to have her official designation changed from ‘ coloured ’ to white , so they can marry and become ‘ respectable ’ , and her struggle to live normally becomes impossible when the examining board refuses her [ask for] .

But a South Korean Foreign Ministry spokesman was unable to confirm the asylum request .
but a south korean foreign ministry spokesman was unable to confirm the asylum [ask for] .

The Zimbabwean was so uncertain of regaining his place that in December he submitted a written transfer request .
the zimbabwean was so uncertain of regaining his place that in december he submitted a written transfer [ask for] .

But a team from the Norfolk Archaeological Unit , led by Mr Brian Ayers , has been excavating the bridge at the request of Norwich City Council in order to determine its structural soundness and its history .
but a team from the norfolk archaeological unit , led by mr brian ayers , has been excavating the bridge at the [ask for] of norwich city council in order to determine its structural soundness and its history .

At the request of Tory toughs , he has given 10 per cent extra scorn and 30 per cent extra snarl .
at the [ask for] of tory toughs , he has given 10 per cent extra scorn and 30 per cent extra snarl .

Following a request for a reference in 1989 , NatWest wrote to Mr Maitland stating that the company to which he proposed to send the games was good for £5,000 credit .
following a [ask for] for a reference in 1989 , natwest wrote to mr maitland stating that the company to which he proposed to send the games was good for £5,000 credit .

Just before the court was due to hear the request her solicitor received a cheque for £2,400 .
just before the court was due to hear the [ask for] her solicitor received a cheque for £2,400 .

Three Court of Appeal judges headed by Lord Lane , the Lord Chief Justice , ruled yesterday that the court could entertain a request by Mr Baker , Home Secretary , for the case to be reviewed , despite its 1990 ruling that Berry , a Norfolk businessman and ex-Royal Marine , could not have his case reopened .
three court of appeal judges headed by lord lane , the lord chief justice , ruled yesterday that the court could entertain a [ask for] by mr baker , home secretary , for the case to be reviewed , despite its 1990 ruling that berry , a norfolk businessman and ex-royal marine , could not have his case reopened .

The replacement of Mr Burbulis , which the decree said was at his own request , will go some way to placating those in both the liberal and conservative camps annoyed by his somewhat high-handed manner .
the replacement of mr burbulis , which the decree said was at his own [ask for] , will go some way to placating those in both the liberal and conservative camps annoyed by his somewhat high-handed manner .

Three Court of Appeal judges headed by Lord Lane , the Lord Chief Justice , ruled yesterday that the court could entertain a request by Mr Baker , Home Secretary , for the case to be reviewed , despite its 1990 ruling that Berry , a Norfolk businessman and ex-Royal Marine , could not have his case reopened .
three court of appeal judges headed by lord lane , the lord chief justice , ruled yesterday that the court could entertain a [ask for] by mr baker , home secretary , for the case to be reviewed , despite its 1990 ruling that berry , a norfolk businessman and ex-royal marine , could not have his case reopened .

Full details are available on request .
full details are available on [ask for] .

2 lifts ; 45 bedrooms ; singles on request .
2 lifts ; 45 bedrooms ; singles on [ask for] .

Single rooms are available on request .
single rooms are available on [ask for] .

Lift ; 85 bedrooms ; single on request .
lift ; 85 bedrooms ; single on [ask for] .

Any request for a change to a confirmed meal plan will result in us having to levy a booking alteration fee .
any [ask for] for a change to a confirmed meal plan will result in us having to levy a booking alteration fee .

Please request when booking .
please [ask for] when booking .

If you have any special requests you must include them in the special request box on the booking form , but please note that special requests are not guaranteed and are subject to availability .
if you have any special requests you must include them in the special [ask for] box on the booking form , but please note that special requests are not guaranteed and are subject to availability .

However , hotel management do occasionally change this arrangement at very short notice ; we will endeavour to give you the most up-to-date information on request .
however , hotel management do occasionally change this arrangement at very short notice ; we will endeavour to give you the most up-to-date information on [ask for] .

To relieve anxiety about funeral costs , we will introduce a funeral payment of £600 , available on request .
to relieve anxiety about funeral costs , we will introduce a funeral payment of £600 , available on [ask for] .

On May 2nd this same year the ladies had the inconvenient request of asking that the men be prevented from using the ladies ' lavatory .
on may 2nd this same year the ladies had the inconvenient [ask for] of asking that the men be prevented from using the ladies ' lavatory .

Favourite partners of an animal tended in turn to request aid most frequently from that animal .
favourite partners of an animal tended in turn to [ask for] aid most frequently from that animal .

Every year , about 300,000 people — mostly women — request advice and assistance in dealing with obscene or malicious phone calls .
every year , about 300,000 people — mostly women — [ask for] advice and assistance in dealing with obscene or malicious phone calls .

Once you have decided to go the kit route , your first step is to send off a request to several manufacturers for illustrated brochures ( you will find a list of the major manufacturers at the end of the article , and it is also worth checking the Yellow Pages for firms operating in your area ) .
once you have decided to go the kit route , your first step is to send off a [ask for] to several manufacturers for illustrated brochures ( you will find a list of the major manufacturers at the end of the article , and it is also worth checking the yellow pages for firms operating in your area ) .

This code is available at no cost upon request .
this code is available at no cost upon [ask for] .

Should you make a written request for a change in your payment arrangements , we will act on this as promptly as possible and where we are unable to comply with your request , we will send a full response within 10 working days .
should you make a written [ask for] for a change in your payment arrangements , we will act on this as promptly as possible and where we are unable to comply with your [ask for] , we will send a full response within 10 working days .

Written quotations available on request .
written quotations available on [ask for] .

It is our property and must be returned on request .
it is our property and must be returned on [ask for] .

If you have paid six full years ' contributions before you cease payments , the Society will make your policy paid-up , leaving the units purchased to remain invested until such time you make a request to encash them .
if you have paid six full years ' contributions before you cease payments , the society will make your policy paid-up , leaving the units purchased to remain invested until such time you make a [ask for] to encash them .

Further information on Home Improvement Loan Protector is available from NatWest and details will be provided on request .
further information on home improvement loan protector is available from natwest and details will be provided on [ask for] .

The principles of corporate ownership are set out in multi-lingual editions of our detailed brochure available on request .
the principles of corporate ownership are set out in multi-lingual editions of our detailed brochure available on [ask for] .

For further information ask your local branch or Business Centre , or request a Fact Sheet .
for further information ask your local branch or business centre , or [ask for] a fact sheet .

Many people think of a bank manager as instinctively wanting to say ‘ No ’ to any request for finance .
many people think of a bank manager as instinctively wanting to say ‘ no ’ to any [ask for] for finance .

While we may request security for your loan , it can be unsecured .
while we may [ask for] security for your loan , it can be unsecured .

For more information ask your local branch or Business Centre , or request a Fact Sheet .
for more information ask your local branch or business centre , or [ask for] a fact sheet .

One more step could prove to be justified in certain jobs : should you request a security check on the candidate ?
one more step could prove to be justified in certain jobs : should you [ask for] a security check on the candidate ?

Request his views on whether the meeting is making progress at the right pace and whether he has any ideas on ways of moving things forward .
[ask for] his views on whether the meeting is making progress at the right pace and whether he has any ideas on ways of moving things forward .

And , of course , there are only a certain number of people you can approach with that request .
and , of course , there are only a certain number of people you can approach with that [ask for] .

And of course , high chairs are available on request .
and of course , high chairs are available on [ask for] .

Not long afterwards came another request , this time in a slightly more orthodox fashion , for John Ward to paint the Princess .
not long afterwards came another [ask for] , this time in a slightly more orthodox fashion , for john ward to paint the princess .

No male member of the Royal family had ever been directly involved with the hospital before , but she feels strongly that when children are in hospital it is the parents ' problem , not just the mother 's , and so the request was specifically for them both to be patrons .
no male member of the royal family had ever been directly involved with the hospital before , but she feels strongly that when children are in hospital it is the parents ' problem , not just the mother 's , and so the [ask for] was specifically for them both to be patrons .

Vincent had put in a request to visit her and had been refused .
vincent had put in a [ask for] to visit her and had been refused .

Mr Waddington is prepared to accept a request by Mr Gerry Collins , the Irish Foreign Minister , to discuss the case .
mr waddington is prepared to accept a [ask for] by mr gerry collins , the irish foreign minister , to discuss the case .

The troops ' intervention in the ambulance strike is being authorised under a Whitehall arrangement which enables one department to request ‘ military aid to the civil ministries ’ from the Ministry of Defence and pay the bill afterwards .
the troops ' intervention in the ambulance strike is being authorised under a whitehall arrangement which enables one department to [ask for] ‘ military aid to the civil ministries ’ from the ministry of defence and pay the bill afterwards .

In this case the request for help falls somewhere between the extremes of the Glasgow dustmen 's strike and straight humanitarian operations such as rescuing people from snowdrifts .
in this case the [ask for] for help falls somewhere between the extremes of the glasgow dustmen 's strike and straight humanitarian operations such as rescuing people from snowdrifts .

The motion was moved by the Rev Canon John Dale ( Worcester ) who said it was five years since the request for legislation on women priests was made .
the motion was moved by the rev canon john dale ( worcester ) who said it was five years since the [ask for] for legislation on women priests was made .

Price available on request .
price available on [ask for] .

Hence , over this section , it was not necessary to remove the existing ceiling , but a desire to emphasise the still lofty volume of this room caused the client to request the insertion of a ‘ minstrel 's gallery ’ upper level over part of this area .
hence , over this section , it was not necessary to remove the existing ceiling , but a desire to emphasise the still lofty volume of this room caused the client to [ask for] the insertion of a ‘ minstrel 's gallery ’ upper level over part of this area .

This presents the powerful neighbouring country of Guambia with the opportunity to invade the island , under the pretext of a request for assistance from the royal family .
this presents the powerful neighbouring country of guambia with the opportunity to invade the island , under the pretext of a [ask for] for assistance from the royal family .

The request was first submitted a number of months ago , but all attempts through the usual channels have failed .
the [ask for] was first submitted a number of months ago , but all attempts through the usual channels have failed .

‘ Daddy … ’ The wheedling tone as well as the now seldom-used paternal appellation told Wexford that a monstrous request was to be made of him .
‘ daddy … ’ the wheedling tone as well as the now seldom-used paternal appellation told wexford that a monstrous [ask for] was to be made of him .

The range will be extended in due course , meanwhile larger items ( statues , missals , etc ) can be ordered on request .
the range will be extended in due course , meanwhile larger items ( statues , missals , etc ) can be ordered on [ask for] .

The range will be extended in due course , meanwhile larger items ( statues , missals , etc ) can be ordered on request .
the range will be extended in due course , meanwhile larger items ( statues , missals , etc ) can be ordered on [ask for] .

Last year the Ministry of Prisons , in Kampala , approached Food for the Hungry ( an international Christian relief organisation ) with a request for help .
last year the ministry of prisons , in kampala , approached food for the hungry ( an international christian relief organisation ) with a [ask for] for help .

The film was made at the request of a Belgian organization and will be dubbed from English into French and Flemish .
the film was made at the [ask for] of a belgian organization and will be dubbed from english into french and flemish .

’ At the end of three days their resolutions included a request that the diocese establish a centre where young people can study the Bible , dramatize the gospel passages and find ways of evangelizing the youth of Zambia .
’ at the end of three days their resolutions included a [ask for] that the diocese establish a centre where young people can study the bible , dramatize the gospel passages and find ways of evangelizing the youth of zambia .

And good it was : good wine , good food , and a good film on the television , even Paul 's request for the rock concert being allowed — for ten minutes .
and good it was : good wine , good food , and a good film on the television , even paul 's [ask for] for the rock concert being allowed — for ten minutes .

Irene Jaffray said at Shrewsbury Crown Court that Eddie Browning made the request to her when he arrived at the house she shared with Kerry Evans in Inverurie , Aberdeenshire .
irene jaffray said at shrewsbury crown court that eddie browning made the [ask for] to her when he arrived at the house she shared with kerry evans in inverurie , aberdeenshire .

During a shift when the men considered that very little was happening , they responded to calls concerning a house fire and an attempted break-in , calls to check on the whereabouts of a pensioner who had not been seen by a neighbour for a few days , a request to pick up and transport a prisoner , and a call to move on some youths .
during a shift when the men considered that very little was happening , they responded to calls concerning a house fire and an attempted break-in , calls to check on the whereabouts of a pensioner who had not been seen by a neighbour for a few days , a [ask for] to pick up and transport a prisoner , and a call to move on some youths .

That is , how to convey to members of the public that their request or complaint is taken seriously even though it is impossible to act upon it .
that is , how to convey to members of the public that their [ask for] or complaint is taken seriously even though it is impossible to act upon it .

General Eisenhower 's offer to accept 150,000 surrendered German personnel , including 45,000 Cossacks , into the US-controlled zone was made on 19 May after a request by Allied forces for help in clearing the area .
general eisenhower 's offer to accept 150,000 surrendered german personnel , including 45,000 cossacks , into the us-controlled zone was made on 19 may after a [ask for] by allied forces for help in clearing the area .

He said the request was drafted by Brigadier Edward de Fonblanque on the day after he left the area to return to England .
he said the [ask for] was drafted by brigadier edward de fonblanque on the day after he left the area to return to england .

Neighbours may also attend by asking the inspector in advance — it is a good idea to include this request when you write to the inspector outlining your objections .
neighbours may also attend by asking the inspector in advance — it is a good idea to include this [ask for] when you write to the inspector outlining your objections .

While he may not be collecting as actively as he was a few years ago , his name still inspires sufficient awe in most art world people for them to request complete anonymity when discussing him .
while he may not be collecting as actively as he was a few years ago , his name still inspires sufficient awe in most art world people for them to [ask for] complete anonymity when discussing him .

His request for an adjournment to consider this evidence and to produce scientific evidence that supported the nuns ' claim that the flock was not a threat to human health , was granted by the judges until Tuesday .
his [ask for] for an adjournment to consider this evidence and to produce scientific evidence that supported the nuns ' claim that the flock was not a threat to human health , was granted by the judges until tuesday .

The nuns ' request for a judicial review of the order to slaughter the flock had been based upon John Gummer , the Minister of Agriculture , ‘ failing to comply with natural justice ’ .
the nuns ' [ask for] for a judicial review of the order to slaughter the flock had been based upon john gummer , the minister of agriculture , ‘ failing to comply with natural justice ’ .

The request was imperiously declined , to which Katharine retorted , ‘ Red hat , no drawers !
the [ask for] was imperiously declined , to which katharine retorted , ‘ red hat , no drawers !

The Wellcome Foundation Trust , a charitable arm of the Wellcome drug company set up to fund medical research , has agreed in principle to a request to pay for the three-year investigation .
the wellcome foundation trust , a charitable arm of the wellcome drug company set up to fund medical research , has agreed in principle to a [ask for] to pay for the three-year investigation .

’ His sketching speed was amply illustrated at our meeting : at the request of The Independent photographer for a cartoon to be positioned against a picture of him , within seconds a huge Asterix bounced off a sheet of paper .
’ his sketching speed was amply illustrated at our meeting : at the [ask for] of the independent photographer for a cartoon to be positioned against a picture of him , within seconds a huge asterix bounced off a sheet of paper .

Salford , who turned down a Leeds approach for Ian Bragger , yesterday listed Steve Herbert for £20,000 , at his own request .
salford , who turned down a leeds approach for ian bragger , yesterday listed steve herbert for £20,000 , at his own [ask for] .

The news of my resignation was not announced until after the finals exams — at Charles 's request .
the news of my resignation was not announced until after the finals exams — at charles 's [ask for] .

Only afterwards did she realize how foolish her request sounded .
only afterwards did she realize how foolish her [ask for] sounded .

More detailed information is available free on request .
more detailed information is available free on [ask for] .

Older women can also be screened every three years on request .
older women can also be screened every three years on [ask for] .

Dudek was surprised at the request ; it was not a course designed to deal with such matters .
dudek was surprised at the [ask for] ; it was not a course designed to deal with such matters .

While falling way short of Amnesty International 's request for investigations into all ‘ disappearances ’ , this initiative is welcomed as a modest first step in the right direction .
while falling way short of amnesty international 's [ask for] for investigations into all ‘ disappearances ’ , this initiative is welcomed as a modest first step in the right direction .

Cutter request
cutter [ask for]

For once her motive for staying downstairs was not to avoid the bedroom routine — his request and her reluctant compliance .
for once her motive for staying downstairs was not to avoid the bedroom routine — his [ask for] and her reluctant compliance .

As ‘ Hatful Of Hollow ’ was a direct result of public demand , so the single from the album , ‘ How Soon Is Now ’ , was a result of public request .
as ‘ hatful of hollow ’ was a direct result of public demand , so the single from the album , ‘ how soon is now ’ , was a result of public [ask for] .

After turning down a Melody Maker request on these grounds , editor Allan Jones asked Morrissey for a convenient alternative .
after turning down a melody maker [ask for] on these grounds , editor allan jones asked morrissey for a convenient alternative .

and have not withheld the request of his lips .
and have not withheld the [ask for] of his lips .

Moreover , an attempt to require ( or even request ) a uniform organizational pattern throughout England and Wales would certainly fail .
moreover , an attempt to require ( or even [ask for] ) a uniform organizational pattern throughout england and wales would certainly fail .

Next time we will have a basis on which to request a meeting , in advance — trying to arrange meetings on the spot becomes a nightmare of negotiating other prescheduled appointments .
next time we will have a basis on which to [ask for] a meeting , in advance — trying to arrange meetings on the spot becomes a nightmare of negotiating other prescheduled appointments .

He was equally sinister two years later when the Foreign Secretary Carrington visited him with a strange request for help in promoting the neutralisation of Afghanistan .
he was equally sinister two years later when the foreign secretary carrington visited him with a strange [ask for] for help in promoting the neutralisation of afghanistan .

Bob sends a letter to Housing Dept supporting my request for a transfer .
bob sends a letter to housing dept supporting my [ask for] for a transfer .

If there was any extra request for assistance we would look on it favourably .
if there was any extra [ask for] for assistance we would look on it favourably .

Proposed mergers involving companies with a turnover of less than £1.4billion may be examined by the Commission at the request of an affected member state .
proposed mergers involving companies with a turnover of less than £1.4billion may be examined by the commission at the [ask for] of an affected member state .

Reuters Our request was an act of humility .
reuters our [ask for] was an act of humility .

Even though Prean senior has chosen to sit out from executive committee meetings discussing his son 's request , there is a favourable attitude towards reform .
even though prean senior has chosen to sit out from executive committee meetings discussing his son 's [ask for] , there is a favourable attitude towards reform .

The United States would request its allies to fill in the ‘ vacuum ’ created by such cutbacks — this would increase the so-called burden sharing .
the united states would [ask for] its allies to fill in the ‘ vacuum ’ created by such cutbacks — this would increase the so-called burden sharing .

Hall put in his request last week , but the Bridgend secretary is away on holiday , and the club committee has yet to meet to discuss the issue .
hall put in his [ask for] last week , but the bridgend secretary is away on holiday , and the club committee has yet to meet to discuss the issue .

The constitution should not constrain us from articulating these political ideas , therefore we will request the Sri Lankan government to bring about an annulment of the amendment .
the constitution should not constrain us from articulating these political ideas , therefore we will [ask for] the sri lankan government to bring about an annulment of the amendment .

Last year the Post Office in Britain answered one such request , giving a wheelchair to seven-year-old Trudy Heenan 's grandfather .
last year the post office in britain answered one such [ask for] , giving a wheelchair to seven-year-old trudy heenan 's grandfather .

The law provides for central government approval in the hiring and firing of editors and says journalists should reveal the source of their information on request to court authorities .
the law provides for central government approval in the hiring and firing of editors and says journalists should reveal the source of their information on [ask for] to court authorities .

Regardless of whether you select economy , which lets you kick down one gear , or sport , which selects as low a gear as possible on request , there is always a marked hesitation before the lower cog is engaged .
regardless of whether you select economy , which lets you kick down one gear , or sport , which selects as low a gear as possible on [ask for] , there is always a marked hesitation before the lower cog is engaged .

At their request he umpired their boat-races on the River Wear .
at their [ask for] he umpired their boat-races on the river wear .

The next morning , Monday 24 August , the King held , at MacDonald 's request , a conference at Buckingham Palace between the Prime Minister .
the next morning , monday 24 august , the king held , at macdonald 's [ask for] , a conference at buckingham palace between the prime minister .

Part of the reason Pearce decided to accept the request to head up British Aerospace was that he had been thirty-five years with Esso , eight as chairman .
part of the reason pearce decided to accept the [ask for] to head up british aerospace was that he had been thirty-five years with esso , eight as chairman .

When Chamberlain returned from his post-war African tour to a hero 's welcome in March 1903 , he found to his hand a request from the Dominions themselves which , though it had nothing to do with Imperial unity , and indeed was rather symptomatic of growing independence , he seized upon and elevated into the first step towards ‘ consolidation of the Empire ’ . ( It is a standard procedure of politicians , when embarking upon a course which lacks logical coherence , to disarm critics and criticism by describing what they do or commend as ‘ only a first step ’ ; for who can demand logic from ‘ a first step ’ ? )
when chamberlain returned from his post-war african tour to a hero 's welcome in march 1903 , he found to his hand a [ask for] from the dominions themselves which , though it had nothing to do with imperial unity , and indeed was rather symptomatic of growing independence , he seized upon and elevated into the first step towards ‘ consolidation of the empire ’ . ( it is a standard procedure of politicians , when embarking upon a course which lacks logical coherence , to disarm critics and criticism by describing what they do or commend as ‘ only a first step ’ ; for who can demand logic from ‘ a first step ’ ? )

The most awkward of these are the manager 's expenses when travelling at the request and on behalf of the artist .
the most awkward of these are the manager 's expenses when travelling at the [ask for] and on behalf of the artist .

Clearly , it is only worthwhile for the band to request a royalty examination if the potential claim will exceed the professional fees incurred .
clearly , it is only worthwhile for the band to [ask for] a royalty examination if the potential claim will exceed the professional fees incurred .

Oldham have transfer-listed Keith Atkinson , a utility back , for £10,000 at his own request .
oldham have transfer-listed keith atkinson , a utility back , for £10,000 at his own [ask for] .

Roberts , on the transfer list at his own request , cost United £15,000 from Darlington last year .
roberts , on the transfer list at his own [ask for] , cost united £15,000 from darlington last year .

Hand 's team , however , replied impressively seven minutes later when Maskell , transfer-listed at his own request after scoring 33 goals last season , scored his first of this , Cecere laying the ball off to the ambitious young man whose crisp drive was a powerful argument for a rise in status .
hand 's team , however , replied impressively seven minutes later when maskell , transfer-listed at his own [ask for] after scoring 33 goals last season , scored his first of this , cecere laying the ball off to the ambitious young man whose crisp drive was a powerful argument for a rise in status .

His request for political asylum in Hong Kong was not granted .
his [ask for] for political asylum in hong kong was not granted .

Rechem also agreed to drop its request for a judicial review into Torfaen 's monitoring of contamination supposedly caused by the firm , and of its publication of the results .
rechem also agreed to drop its [ask for] for a judicial review into torfaen 's monitoring of contamination supposedly caused by the firm , and of its publication of the results .

At Mr Ramirez 's request he also transmitted $ 60,000 from WedTech to a company controlled by the official after he left the government .
at mr ramirez 's [ask for] he also transmitted $ 60,000 from wedtech to a company controlled by the official after he left the government .

In his Preface to the Gardeners Dictionary , Miller invited communications on ‘ new experiments in relation to this art ’ and , at a time when scientific work was developing rapidly , this request alone would have attracted a large response .
in his preface to the gardeners dictionary , miller invited communications on ‘ new experiments in relation to this art ’ and , at a time when scientific work was developing rapidly , this [ask for] alone would have attracted a large response .

Each small request is invariably met , each question carefully considered , points either debated with an academic botanist or explained to an amateur gardener with patient thoroughness .
each small [ask for] is invariably met , each question carefully considered , points either debated with an academic botanist or explained to an amateur gardener with patient thoroughness .

At the same time came a request for ‘ a handful or two of white cedar cones for Philip Miller , for in separating the seeds , by accident he had none .
at the same time came a [ask for] for ‘ a handful or two of white cedar cones for philip miller , for in separating the seeds , by accident he had none .

Less than a month later , at the beginning of March 1757 , Miller wrote a letter , now held by the Historical Society of Pennsylvania , reporting that promised specimens of Crataegus had not arrived and could not be included in the current edition of the Dictionary ; he repeated his request for Gale asplenii-folio and for all sorts of lilies and Andromeda .
less than a month later , at the beginning of march 1757 , miller wrote a letter , now held by the historical society of pennsylvania , reporting that promised specimens of crataegus had not arrived and could not be included in the current edition of the dictionary ; he repeated his [ask for] for gale asplenii-folio and for all sorts of lilies and andromeda .

He had been much taken with a small low-growing Kalmia at Whitton — from Pennsylvania so the Duke of Argyll had told him — but did not specifically request it .
he had been much taken with a small low-growing kalmia at whitton — from pennsylvania so the duke of argyll had told him — but did not specifically [ask for] it .

Since work to be undertaken in respective months in the kitchen , fruit and flower gardens was noted in the Dictionary , it might be thought that a Kalendar was superfluous , but Miller explains that at the request of particular friends he had produced a work not only portable , but also at a price to suit those who could not afford a larger book .
since work to be undertaken in respective months in the kitchen , fruit and flower gardens was noted in the dictionary , it might be thought that a kalendar was superfluous , but miller explains that at the [ask for] of particular friends he had produced a work not only portable , but also at a price to suit those who could not afford a larger book .

Weekend break rates available on request .
weekend break rates available on [ask for] .

After witnessing a demonstration of ‘ magnetism , the spye glass , compass , watch , airgun and sundry other items ’ , Broken Arm consented to this request .
after witnessing a demonstration of ‘ magnetism , the spye glass , compass , watch , airgun and sundry other items ’ , broken arm consented to this [ask for] .

Unlike the demands for time off from the farm , which is normally at short notice , the request for release for training courses could be made well in advance .
unlike the demands for time off from the farm , which is normally at short notice , the [ask for] for release for training courses could be made well in advance .

He was buried at his own request , in Glasgow .
he was buried at his own [ask for] , in glasgow .

Red Rhino declined their request to manufacture the record but agreed to distribute it .
red rhino declined their [ask for] to manufacture the record but agreed to distribute it .

Red Rhino paid Best £500 ( in cash , at his agent 's request ) to pose with the group and nabbed one of the bargains of the decade .
red rhino paid best £500 ( in cash , at his agent 's [ask for] ) to pose with the group and nabbed one of the bargains of the decade .

But the little boy 's request was unusually apt , for , unknown to them all , they were not in Edendale , Southland , New Zealand , but the Garden of Eden by Gore .
but the little boy 's [ask for] was unusually apt , for , unknown to them all , they were not in edendale , southland , new zealand , but the garden of eden by gore .

It was a modest kind of a funeral at old Eugene 's specific request .
it was a modest kind of a funeral at old eugene 's specific [ask for] .

The shares were suspended at the company 's request after James Wilkes , the beer mat maker also based in Sheffield , sold its 9.6 per cent stake in Neill .
the shares were suspended at the company 's [ask for] after james wilkes , the beer mat maker also based in sheffield , sold its 9.6 per cent stake in neill .

Every day brings a new request .
every day brings a new [ask for] .

The Northern Territory Attorney-General , Daryl Manzie , told the parliament in Darwin yesterday that he was denying the Chamberlains ' request for confidentiality because the claim for legal expenses was almost double the figure given in a submission last year .
the northern territory attorney-general , daryl manzie , told the parliament in darwin yesterday that he was denying the chamberlains ' [ask for] for confidentiality because the claim for legal expenses was almost double the figure given in a submission last year .

Mr Gold has been asked , in the past , to undertake various hacking acts , including a request from Stern , the West German magazine , to hack into the Princess of Wales 's Barclaycard account .
mr gold has been asked , in the past , to undertake various hacking acts , including a [ask for] from stern , the west german magazine , to hack into the princess of wales 's barclaycard account .

responding to a request to bring pills ) , but not all are like this .
responding to a [ask for] to bring pills ) , but not all are like this .

For the sake of a quiet life he had given in to an unreasonable request and only now did he fully realize what it meant .
for the sake of a quiet life he had given in to an unreasonable [ask for] and only now did he fully realize what it meant .

He considered asking for the feather back but knew the request would sound foolish .
he considered asking for the feather back but knew the [ask for] would sound foolish .

Small drawers , their lists of contents framed in brass on the front , stretched from floor to ceiling ; nails in any length ; screws ditto , tacks , washers , hinges , brackets ; all stacked and still , awaiting the request that would release them from their unemployment .
small drawers , their lists of contents framed in brass on the front , stretched from floor to ceiling ; nails in any length ; screws ditto , tacks , washers , hinges , brackets ; all stacked and still , awaiting the [ask for] that would release them from their unemployment .

United Motors had already built a component plant in Dublin a few years before , at the specific request of the Chairman , but it had never operated profitably .
united motors had already built a component plant in dublin a few years before , at the specific [ask for] of the chairman , but it had never operated profitably .

His first step was to request that all copies of the European Vehicle and Components ’ Plan be withdrawn from circulation .
his first step was to [ask for] that all copies of the european vehicle and components ’ plan be withdrawn from circulation .

To appreciate this , imagine that you ask a friend to mark thirty numbered points randomly on graph paper ( unseen by you ) and that you are required to discover their positions , with no information other than the distances between any pairs you request .
to appreciate this , imagine that you ask a friend to mark thirty numbered points randomly on graph paper ( unseen by you ) and that you are required to discover their positions , with no information other than the distances between any pairs you [ask for] .

In the nineteenth century , it was possible to see female castration as a cure , just as it happens these days that women request cosmetic surgery to make their genitalia look ‘ more tidy ’ .
in the nineteenth century , it was possible to see female castration as a cure , just as it happens these days that women [ask for] cosmetic surgery to make their genitalia look ‘ more tidy ’ .

We expend endless energy and an awful lot of time each day in pre-empting criticism ; in censoring our speech and our behaviour , checking our appearance , taking up less room , making ourselves invisible , smiling at the request of total strangers , feigning pleasure when we feel none — being good girls rather than real women .
we expend endless energy and an awful lot of time each day in pre-empting criticism ; in censoring our speech and our behaviour , checking our appearance , taking up less room , making ourselves invisible , smiling at the [ask for] of total strangers , feigning pleasure when we feel none — being good girls rather than real women .

While grandmothers who brought cakes or made clothes for their grandchildren did so from their own choice , childcare stemmed principally from the request of mothers .
while grandmothers who brought cakes or made clothes for their grandchildren did so from their own choice , childcare stemmed principally from the [ask for] of mothers .

It may also be necessary to request suppliers to provide the details by post refraining from sending a representative .
it may also be necessary to [ask for] suppliers to provide the details by post refraining from sending a representative .

Here are your letters , as you request .
here are your letters , as you [ask for] .

However , since Europe 's guiding principles for resolution of the Arab-Israeli conflict were closer to those of the Soviet Union than to those of the United States , the latter was bound to request Europe not to obstruct implementation of its own version of the peace process .
however , since europe 's guiding principles for resolution of the arab-israeli conflict were closer to those of the soviet union than to those of the united states , the latter was bound to [ask for] europe not to obstruct implementation of its own version of the peace process .

When a Palestinian delegation asked to participate in the armistice negotiations , its request was rejected and the armistice was signed only by East Bankers .
when a palestinian delegation asked to participate in the armistice negotiations , its [ask for] was rejected and the armistice was signed only by east bankers .

Jo flinched at the insensitivity of her sister 's request .
jo flinched at the insensitivity of her sister 's [ask for] .

Urgent Cheque Request
urgent cheque [ask for]

Cheque Request
cheque [ask for]

In 1964 , although widely expected to reach the higher echelons of the Army , Winchester retired at his own request and settled in Kenya , where he kept dairy cattle on a farm outside Nairobi .
in 1964 , although widely expected to reach the higher echelons of the army , winchester retired at his own [ask for] and settled in kenya , where he kept dairy cattle on a farm outside nairobi .

Mr Mark Payne , one of the tour organisers on the battle bus , had indeed received such a request on his mobile phone — from a senior aide in the yogic flying Natural Law Party .
mr mark payne , one of the tour organisers on the battle bus , had indeed received such a [ask for] on his mobile phone — from a senior aide in the yogic flying natural law party .

‘ The Bristol sector controller neither complied with the co-pilot 's specific request for radar navigational assistance , nor did he advise the flight of its position or give any relevant information regarding Southampton , such as current weather , runway in use , pressure settings etc .
‘ the bristol sector controller neither complied with the co-pilot 's specific [ask for] for radar navigational assistance , nor did he advise the flight of its position or give any relevant information regarding southampton , such as current weather , runway in use , pressure settings etc .

Pat Cash is to request a wild card entry for Wimbledon , but it is open to question whether it will be granted .
pat cash is to [ask for] a wild card entry for wimbledon , but it is open to question whether it will be granted .

But my request — at three information points — for a Disabled Visitor 's Guide were met with a Gallic shrug and an emphatic ‘ Non ’ .
but my [ask for] — at three information points — for a disabled visitor 's guide were met with a gallic shrug and an emphatic ‘ non ’ .

Mrs Lowe Lauri , a sister at the Royal , said she understood a request for an ambulance had been made at 5pm .
mrs lowe lauri , a sister at the royal , said she understood a [ask for] for an ambulance had been made at 5pm .

But Mr Russell Mansford , a London Ambulance Service controller , said the first recorded request was at 10.30pm .
but mr russell mansford , a london ambulance service controller , said the first recorded [ask for] was at 10.30pm .

One request granted to the Russian delegates was a special visit after a Devon cream tea at Torquay 's five-star Imperial Hotel .
one [ask for] granted to the russian delegates was a special visit after a devon cream tea at torquay 's five-star imperial hotel .

Thanks to those who responded to our request for information last month — we would still be very interested to receive any information about your own Coldwatch activities and your use of the Coldwatch pack and leaflet .
thanks to those who responded to our [ask for] for information last month — we would still be very interested to receive any information about your own coldwatch activities and your use of the coldwatch pack and leaflet .

Following a request from an Age Concern organisation , we will also be producing short guidelines on why older people should vote in the first place .
following a [ask for] from an age concern organisation , we will also be producing short guidelines on why older people should vote in the first place .

Charges for multiple copies will be given on request .
charges for multiple copies will be given on [ask for] .

Manager and staff were a little bemused by our request , but were happy to co-operate .
manager and staff were a little bemused by our [ask for] , but were happy to co-operate .

Most hotels offer a one-bone service , welcoming well-behaved dogs and providing doggie bowls on request .
most hotels offer a one-bone service , welcoming well-behaved dogs and providing doggie bowls on [ask for] .

Although some editors have treated the ‘ biographer 's ’ latest call with suspicion and either ignored his request or published it with qualification ( eg Hi-Fi News , other have simply regurgitated Thomson 's plea for ‘ letters , notes and photographs ’ .
although some editors have treated the ‘ biographer 's ’ latest call with suspicion and either ignored his [ask for] or published it with qualification ( eg hi-fi news , other have simply regurgitated thomson 's plea for ‘ letters , notes and photographs ’ .

There is a backwards movement in saying No , which can be a slight withdrawal of head and shoulders ; a more emphatic shake of the head perhaps accompanied by the hand pushing away an undesirable request or person , e.g .
there is a backwards movement in saying no , which can be a slight withdrawal of head and shoulders ; a more emphatic shake of the head perhaps accompanied by the hand pushing away an undesirable [ask for] or person , e.g .

’ His caddie instead is ‘ Baldrick ’ , Richard Owens from Sleaford who got his nickname from Hare 's request on the practice ground for more ammunition .
’ his caddie instead is ‘ baldrick ’ , richard owens from sleaford who got his nickname from hare 's [ask for] on the practice ground for more ammunition .

’ His caddie instead is ‘ Baldrick ’ , Richard Owens from Sleaford who got his nickname from Hare 's request on the practice ground for more ammunition .
’ his caddie instead is ‘ baldrick ’ , richard owens from sleaford who got his nickname from hare 's [ask for] on the practice ground for more ammunition .

But the agreement has been interpreted here as a bid to stave off a likely request that Peru leave the Fund because of its violation of the rules .
but the agreement has been interpreted here as a bid to stave off a likely [ask for] that peru leave the fund because of its violation of the rules .

Questions about shareholdings were put in 1987 for the first time , at the request of the Treasury , anxious to confirm and expand the conclusions of previous surveys by market research groups .
questions about shareholdings were put in 1987 for the first time , at the [ask for] of the treasury , anxious to confirm and expand the conclusions of previous surveys by market research groups .

They centre on a request for details of ‘ a private side-letter ’ alongside the final funding agreement from Lord Young , the then Trade and Industry Secretary , to British Aerospace .
they centre on a [ask for] for details of ‘ a private side-letter ’ alongside the final funding agreement from lord young , the then trade and industry secretary , to british aerospace .

It ended by saying that Mrs Thatcher should apologise for trying to find Mr Clay a job and withdraw her request that he be given one .
it ended by saying that mrs thatcher should apologise for trying to find mr clay a job and withdraw her [ask for] that he be given one .

Finding the name of the branch manager and addressing the request at a personal level creates a much greater chance of a positive response .
finding the name of the branch manager and addressing the [ask for] at a personal level creates a much greater chance of a positive response .

Mozart , sometimes for dramatic reasons , sometimes at the request of the designer , Lorenzo Quaglio , or one of the singers , frequently asked for alterations to be made in the text which were often strongly resisted by the librettist .
mozart , sometimes for dramatic reasons , sometimes at the [ask for] of the designer , lorenzo quaglio , or one of the singers , frequently asked for alterations to be made in the text which were often strongly resisted by the librettist .

1 torch ( for looking under four-poster beds , up chimneys , down old dungeons , etc. , at children 's request )
1 torch ( for looking under four-poster beds , up chimneys , down old dungeons , etc. , at children 's [ask for] )

So around a fifth had no policy about amniocentesis , although in all cases , tests were available on request .
so around a fifth had no policy about amniocentesis , although in all cases , tests were available on [ask for] .

Then they hear that there has been a request to adopt the baby , John David , from Judith 's mother , Cynthia .
then they hear that there has been a [ask for] to adopt the baby , john david , from judith 's mother , cynthia .

‘ To be quite honest , ladies and gentlemen , we hope that by offering you all the assistance we can that you will respond by being sympathetic to our , er , request for — shall we say , unsensational coverage ?
‘ to be quite honest , ladies and gentlemen , we hope that by offering you all the assistance we can that you will respond by being sympathetic to our , er , [ask for] for — shall we say , unsensational coverage ?

The Registrar advises that if the data user is satisfied that the child understands what he is asking and is acting on his own volition his request must be obeyed .
the registrar advises that if the data user is satisfied that the child understands what he is asking and is acting on his own volition his [ask for] must be obeyed .

For a child too young to make an informed request the information may be disclosed to a parent on his behalf .
for a child too young to make an informed [ask for] the information may be disclosed to a parent on his behalf .

In Gillick terms , the ability to make an informed request assumes the child to be old enough to make at least that decision for himself .
in gillick terms , the ability to make an informed [ask for] assumes the child to be old enough to make at least that decision for himself .

The governors are under a duty to ensure that , on receipt of a written request , they transfer the curricular record to the head of a new school or place of education or training to which the pupil has transferred or , from September 1990 , disclose the record to one which is considering the pupil for admission .
the governors are under a duty to ensure that , on receipt of a written [ask for] , they transfer the curricular record to the head of a new school or place of education or training to which the pupil has transferred or , from september 1990 , disclose the record to one which is considering the pupil for admission .

For example , a small boy was seen once by an educational psychologist at his parents ' request on a problem of which hand he should write with .
for example , a small boy was seen once by an educational psychologist at his parents ' [ask for] on a problem of which hand he should write with .

Both documents must be given freely to parents of pupils on request and must be made available at the school for reference by parents and others .
both documents must be given freely to parents of pupils on [ask for] and must be made available at the school for reference by parents and others .

In another case the court upheld an elector 's right to see council documents ( a statutory right without qualification , as here ) unless his request ‘ was so oppressive as to amount to an abuse of the right ’ .
in another case the court upheld an elector 's right to see council documents ( a statutory right without qualification , as here ) unless his [ask for] ‘ was so oppressive as to amount to an abuse of the right ’ .

In fact , to refuse a parent 's request would not be a breach of the European Convention on Human Rights , even though it requires such convictions to be upheld .
in fact , to refuse a parent 's [ask for] would not be a breach of the european convention on human rights , even though it requires such convictions to be upheld .

The Elton Committee suggested that there was some doubt about the application of the in loco parentis principle to the disciplining of pupils — for its application would mean that a parent 's request to a school for a particular form of punishment not to be administered to his/her child would have to be granted .
the elton committee suggested that there was some doubt about the application of the in loco parentis principle to the disciplining of pupils — for its application would mean that a parent 's [ask for] to a school for a particular form of punishment not to be administered to his/her child would have to be granted .

This second volume contains , besides several ingenious smaller pieces , written on particular occasions , The Unhappy Father , a tragedy , with three acts of a second play , written at the request of a friend , in about a fortnight , and some letters of this extraordinary young woman , which have a solidity in them far beyond what could be expected from one of her years , and so destitute of the advantages of education …
this second volume contains , besides several ingenious smaller pieces , written on particular occasions , the unhappy father , a tragedy , with three acts of a second play , written at the [ask for] of a friend , in about a fortnight , and some letters of this extraordinary young woman , which have a solidity in them far beyond what could be expected from one of her years , and so destitute of the advantages of education …

The French government acceded to her request that she be buried at Malmaison , but her son was permitted to accompany the funeral only as far as the frontier between France and Switzerland .
the french government acceded to her [ask for] that she be buried at malmaison , but her son was permitted to accompany the funeral only as far as the frontier between france and switzerland .

The conservative leaders wanted a Prince Consort not a Prince president , and as if to underline their determination to keep Louis-Napoleon in check , the same group refused a request for the restoration of universal suffrage by the abrogation of the law of 1850 .
the conservative leaders wanted a prince consort not a prince president , and as if to underline their determination to keep louis-napoleon in check , the same group refused a [ask for] for the restoration of universal suffrage by the abrogation of the law of 1850 .

Sure enough , after persuading President Suleiman Franjieh to request their help — a formal prerequisite which the Syrians characteristically demanded for their army 's advance — armoured units of President Assad 's forces moved into the Bekaa Valley .
sure enough , after persuading president suleiman franjieh to [ask for] their help — a formal prerequisite which the syrians characteristically demanded for their army 's advance — armoured units of president assad 's forces moved into the bekaa valley .

The detainee making a request ‘ must be permitted to consult a solicitor as soon as is practicable except to the extent that delay is permitted by this section ’ .
the detainee making a [ask for] ‘ must be permitted to consult a solicitor as soon as is practicable except to the extent that delay is permitted by this section ’ .

They refused to leave on request and attempts to eject them failed on account of the sudden arrival of reinforcements from the local station .
they refused to leave on [ask for] and attempts to eject them failed on account of the sudden arrival of reinforcements from the local station .

Dulcie Howes writes that , as far as she can remember , that was at John 's own request .
dulcie howes writes that , as far as she can remember , that was at john 's own [ask for] .

The other was a ballet at the request of Alan Carter who ( having left Sadler 's Wells ) formed and directed the St James 's Ballet , a company of only thirteen dancers sponsored by the Arts Council of Great Britain to tour small towns with no proper theatre .
the other was a ballet at the [ask for] of alan carter who ( having left sadler 's wells ) formed and directed the st james 's ballet , a company of only thirteen dancers sponsored by the arts council of great britain to tour small towns with no proper theatre .

The new catchment boards ' first decade of river clearance was followed by the outbreak of war , during which Parliament empowered the boards to carry out even more extensive work at the request of county war agricultural executive committees .
the new catchment boards ' first decade of river clearance was followed by the outbreak of war , during which parliament empowered the boards to carry out even more extensive work at the [ask for] of county war agricultural executive committees .

Henry could not quite work out why , since her pleasantness was not always followed by a request for money or some other favour ; perhaps she was remembering something he had quite forgotten , an incident during their courtship perhaps ( they must have had a courtship ) or a Henry , now lost to Henry himself , who could have inspired feelings such as pleasure .
henry could not quite work out why , since her pleasantness was not always followed by a [ask for] for money or some other favour ; perhaps she was remembering something he had quite forgotten , an incident during their courtship perhaps ( they must have had a courtship ) or a henry , now lost to henry himself , who could have inspired feelings such as pleasure .

He tried to say this in a way that suggested that he was always ringing up for a natter about arsenic and thallium , that there was nothing odd about his request .
he tried to say this in a way that suggested that he was always ringing up for a natter about arsenic and thallium , that there was nothing odd about his [ask for] .

Having twice refused on the grounds that he had first to win Tangier and Ceuta ( which he accomplished in 1084 ) , Yusuf finally turned his attention to Spain at Motamid 's third desperate request .
having twice refused on the grounds that he had first to win tangier and ceuta ( which he accomplished in 1084 ) , yusuf finally turned his attention to spain at motamid 's third desperate [ask for] .

The King now prepared to mount an attack on Granada and , thanks to the request of his queen in a personal letter to Rodrigo , El Cid joined him , raising the siege of Leira just as the city was about to capitulate rather than fail Alfonso .
the king now prepared to mount an attack on granada and , thanks to the [ask for] of his queen in a personal letter to rodrigo , el cid joined him , raising the siege of leira just as the city was about to capitulate rather than fail alfonso .

People treat this last request in a very strange way .
people treat this last [ask for] in a very strange way .

His request was refused , and attempts to persuade the English courts to order the alteration failed when he was refused legal aid .
his [ask for] was refused , and attempts to persuade the english courts to order the alteration failed when he was refused legal aid .

In such circumstances , the refusal of Rees 's request constituted in the view of the Commission a violation of his rights guaranteed by Article 8 .
in such circumstances , the refusal of rees 's [ask for] constituted in the view of the commission a violation of his rights guaranteed by article 8 .

Were the actions of the doctors ethical , moral , even lawful ? Should the patient 's request to die have been respected or ignored ? Even though the case happened in the United States , are the issues it raises the same everywhere ?
were the actions of the doctors ethical , moral , even lawful ? should the patient 's [ask for] to die have been respected or ignored ? even though the case happened in the united states , are the issues it raises the same everywhere ?

Would you regard his request to be helped to die as one to be trusted and relied upon ? Or was it a request made in a moment of desperation and to be ignored ? If you were the wife of this man , what would you want ?
would you regard his [ask for] to be helped to die as one to be trusted and relied upon ? or was it a [ask for] made in a moment of desperation and to be ignored ? if you were the wife of this man , what would you want ?

So when are you going to say that a man 's request to kill him , which is what his request was , is a reasonable request ?
so when are you going to say that a man 's [ask for] to kill him , which is what his [ask for] was , is a reasonable [ask for] ?

It follows that the taking of a patient 's life by some conduct deliberately designed with the primary intention of bringing about his death is unlawful , whether it be at the patient 's request or without his knowledge or consent .
it follows that the taking of a patient 's life by some conduct deliberately designed with the primary intention of bringing about his death is unlawful , whether it be at the patient 's [ask for] or without his knowledge or consent .

Many doctors specializing in the care of the dying consider that the state of modern medicine makes even the need to consider the notion of euthanasia , whether at the request of the patient or otherwise , as an option quite unnecessary , quite apart from its moral repugnance .
many doctors specializing in the care of the dying consider that the state of modern medicine makes even the need to consider the notion of euthanasia , whether at the [ask for] of the patient or otherwise , as an option quite unnecessary , quite apart from its moral repugnance .

If the patient had expressed a view while still competent as to the treatment he should receive , the precise legal status of such a statement or request is not clear .
if the patient had expressed a view while still competent as to the treatment he should receive , the precise legal status of such a statement or [ask for] is not clear .

If , for example , a patient expressed the wish that the doctor kill her if she reached a particular point of mental and physical deterioration , or if the request was that she be left to die when she was not terminally ill , then the doctor would be legally obliged to ignore the request .
if , for example , a patient expressed the wish that the doctor kill her if she reached a particular point of mental and physical deterioration , or if the [ask for] was that she be left to die when she was not terminally ill , then the doctor would be legally obliged to ignore the [ask for] .

The facts are that the patient has requested that the doctor discontinue treatment , and the doctor has ignored this request .
the facts are that the patient has requested that the doctor discontinue treatment , and the doctor has ignored this [ask for] .

The argument advanced is that the doctor is not obliged to respect the request of the patient — indeed , he is obliged to disregard it — since otherwise he would be guilty of an offence under section 2 .
the argument advanced is that the doctor is not obliged to respect the [ask for] of the patient — indeed , he is obliged to disregard it — since otherwise he would be guilty of an offence under section 2 .

There are those who argue that the doctor in this situation is , in fact , under an obligation to ignore the patient 's request , and to prevent him , under the protection of the plea of necessity , from adopting a course of conduct which would lead to self-destruction .
there are those who argue that the doctor in this situation is , in fact , under an obligation to ignore the patient 's [ask for] , and to prevent him , under the protection of the plea of necessity , from adopting a course of conduct which would lead to self-destruction .

All in all , it is submitted that the claim that there is a risk of liability under section 2 of the Suicide Act does not serve as a valid justification for ignoring the request of the patient that treatment be discontinued .
all in all , it is submitted that the claim that there is a risk of liability under section 2 of the suicide act does not serve as a valid justification for ignoring the [ask for] of the patient that treatment be discontinued .

It is also an immensely difficult decision for the doctor , who will have established over time a relationship of confidence with all but the most severely unfit of his patients ( who anyway are unlikely to have expressed a view ) , which confidence will be shattered if the patient 's request is ignored , thereby adding , if possible , to the unhappiness of the patient .
it is also an immensely difficult decision for the doctor , who will have established over time a relationship of confidence with all but the most severely unfit of his patients ( who anyway are unlikely to have expressed a view ) , which confidence will be shattered if the patient 's [ask for] is ignored , thereby adding , if possible , to the unhappiness of the patient .

If my view that a doctor incurs no liability if he ignores the request to discontinue treatment made by the mentally unfit and minor is correct , it does not of course follow that he would also be free from liability if he complied with their requests .
if my view that a doctor incurs no liability if he ignores the [ask for] to discontinue treatment made by the mentally unfit and minor is correct , it does not of course follow that he would also be free from liability if he complied with their requests .

These may even prevail when a parent or guardian , learning of the patient 's request , has instructed the doctor to continue .
these may even prevail when a parent or guardian , learning of the patient 's [ask for] , has instructed the doctor to continue .

On the other hand , the doctor would probably be in breach of his duty if it could be shown that the patient 's request was made at a time when he was demonstrably and predictably suffering from a temporary condition which made his judgment unreliable .
on the other hand , the doctor would probably be in breach of his duty if it could be shown that the patient 's [ask for] was made at a time when he was demonstrably and predictably suffering from a temporary condition which made his judgment unreliable .

Finally , what is the position if , in the case of a terminally ill minor , incapable himself of making any request , the doctor is asked by the parent or guardian to discontinue treatment ?
finally , what is the position if , in the case of a terminally ill minor , incapable himself of making any [ask for] , the doctor is asked by the parent or guardian to discontinue treatment ?

The distinction has to be noted ( because traditionally thinking in criminal law seems to regard it as important ) between a request by the patient that treatment be discontinued which is complied with and a request by the patient that someone stabs him to death which is complied with .
the distinction has to be noted ( because traditionally thinking in criminal law seems to regard it as important ) between a [ask for] by the patient that treatment be discontinued which is complied with and a [ask for] by the patient that someone stabs him to death which is complied with .

Perhaps the distinction between the response of the criminal law to a request that treatment be ended and to ( figuratively ) taking a knife to the patient rests on four basic and interrelated premisses .
perhaps the distinction between the response of the criminal law to a [ask for] that treatment be ended and to ( figuratively ) taking a knife to the patient rests on four basic and interrelated premisses .

fourth , a patient on a machine making such a request is a comparatively rare phenomenon .
fourth , a patient on a machine making such a [ask for] is a comparatively rare phenomenon .

Request also that the past year 's water , gas and electricity bills , and the service agreements for boilers , security alarms etc , be available for your inspection , if you do not already have them .
[ask for] also that the past year 's water , gas and electricity bills , and the service agreements for boilers , security alarms etc , be available for your inspection , if you do not already have them .

All this on top of the irony of an innocent request he made to a man with a radio listening to the cricket immediately he arrived in England after spending time with his family in Barbados .
all this on top of the irony of an innocent [ask for] he made to a man with a radio listening to the cricket immediately he arrived in england after spending time with his family in barbados .

request that farm shops , recreational facilities , and car parks should come under proper planning controls
[ask for] that farm shops , recreational facilities , and car parks should come under proper planning controls

Older women can also be screened every three years on request .
older women can also be screened every three years on [ask for] .

But in the business of everyday life , in our self-absorption which at times takes over , the request for attention may feel intrusive just when we do not want to be intruded upon .
but in the business of everyday life , in our self-absorption which at times takes over , the [ask for] for attention may feel intrusive just when we do not want to be intruded upon .

Standing on the edge of the lake , they threw some small memento of their dead into the rippling water — a final request that their souls should rest in peace .
standing on the edge of the lake , they threw some small memento of their dead into the rippling water — a final [ask for] that their souls should rest in peace .

Additionally , the board could request a city departmental chief to answer questions about any relevant neighbourhood problem .
additionally , the board could [ask for] a city departmental chief to answer questions about any relevant neighbourhood problem .

One frequent request was for containers in which to put belongings which were to be stored at Bloomsbury House : ‘ Alice needs 2 wooden boxes and 1 cardboard container in which to put all her belongings … ’ Very often special clothes were needed for work - gumboots and waterproofs for those working on the land , aprons and overalls for those in catering .
one frequent [ask for] was for containers in which to put belongings which were to be stored at bloomsbury house : ‘ alice needs 2 wooden boxes and 1 cardboard container in which to put all her belongings … ’ very often special clothes were needed for work - gumboots and waterproofs for those working on the land , aprons and overalls for those in catering .

To order your system , or request further information , telephone today on our FreeCall number — 0500 121 121 .
to order your system , or [ask for] further information , telephone today on our freecall number — 0500 121 121 .

It was also frequently noted that staff were encouraged to request attendance at external courses , but likely to be nominated for attendance at internal courses ( normally developed in the frame-work of their perceived training needs ) .
it was also frequently noted that staff were encouraged to [ask for] attendance at external courses , but likely to be nominated for attendance at internal courses ( normally developed in the frame-work of their perceived training needs ) .

It is often a matter of trying to rationalise an individual 's request to go on courses rather than a positive management attempt to meet real training needs .
it is often a matter of trying to rationalise an individual 's [ask for] to go on courses rather than a positive management attempt to meet real training needs .

‘ Very occasional courses in health and safety ’ … ( through — a typical grouping ) ‘ Courses on management , industrial relations , health and safety , microcomputers ’ … ( to ) ‘ 55 courses for staff , and will do special courses on request ’ .
‘ very occasional courses in health and safety ’ … ( through — a typical grouping ) ‘ courses on management , industrial relations , health and safety , microcomputers ’ … ( to ) ‘ 55 courses for staff , and will do special courses on [ask for] ’ .

Library co-operatives , apart from being producers/suppliers of courses , could also constitute a significant market for courses and be in a position to request economically viable , tailor-made ‘ external ’ courses .
library co-operatives , apart from being producers/suppliers of courses , could also constitute a significant market for courses and be in a position to [ask for] economically viable , tailor-made ‘ external ’ courses .

Request : The Liberal ex-chief was asked to write a few words for ‘ Backroom Boys ’ , a book about ‘ men who distinguish themselves without excess , folk quite happy to take a pleasingly light and unimposing approach , and yet who nevertheless make a reasonably fair showing throughout life ’ .
[ask for] : the liberal ex-chief was asked to write a few words for ‘ backroom boys ’ , a book about ‘ men who distinguish themselves without excess , folk quite happy to take a pleasingly light and unimposing approach , and yet who nevertheless make a reasonably fair showing throughout life ’ .

Request : In the guise of pop-group ‘ The Howlers ’ ( ‘ We play loud modern rock music not entirely lacking in melodies ’ ) , we contacted the portly football fan to request his consent for a song ( and concept album ) to be titled ‘ Mad Hattersley 's Tea Party ’ .
[ask for] : in the guise of pop-group ‘ the howlers ’ ( ‘ we play loud modern rock music not entirely lacking in melodies ’ ) , we contacted the portly football fan to [ask for] his consent for a song ( and concept album ) to be titled ‘ mad hattersley 's tea party ’ .

Request : We asked the opposition leader to help with a book entitled ‘ Married To Teacher ’ by writing a few lines in response to the statement : ‘ Being married to a teacher is rather demanding . ’
[ask for] : we asked the opposition leader to help with a book entitled ‘ married to teacher ’ by writing a few lines in response to the statement : ‘ being married to a teacher is rather demanding . ’

Request : Posing as a female post-grad English student , we wrote to ask Parliament 's Mr Fixit whether he could be questioned on his name and how it affected him .
[ask for] : posing as a female post-grad english student , we wrote to ask parliament 's mr fixit whether he could be questioned on his name and how it affected him .

Request The anti-Page Three campaigner was contacted by ‘ a feminist film-maker ’ scripting a docu-drama entitled ‘ Men : The Phallocentric Enemy ’ .
[ask for] the anti-page three campaigner was contacted by ‘ a feminist film-maker ’ scripting a docu-drama entitled ‘ men : the phallocentric enemy ’ .

Request : Disguised as the ‘ Proud To Be Fat Association ’ , we requested Sir Cyril 's celebrity presence at an annual meeting .
[ask for] : disguised as the ‘ proud to be fat association ’ , we requested sir cyril 's celebrity presence at an annual meeting .

Disappointed , we put in a request for a signed photograph of himself ‘ head and torso if possible ’ for the ‘ Gallery of Girths ’ section in ‘ Tummy ’ .
disappointed , we put in a [ask for] for a signed photograph of himself ‘ head and torso if possible ’ for the ‘ gallery of girths ’ section in ‘ tummy ’ .

Request : The soon-to-be-retired Mrs Finchley was selected to write a short introduction for ‘ The Twilight Zone ’ , ‘ an anthology of essays from eminent people in the twilight of their careers .
[ask for] : the soon-to-be-retired mrs finchley was selected to write a short introduction for ‘ the twilight zone ’ , ‘ an anthology of essays from eminent people in the twilight of their careers .

Request : The former holder of the parliamentary egg portfolio was asked to pen a brief preface to a book called ‘ Egg On Their Faces ’ — ‘ a humorous anthology of incidents which have embarrassed people in the public domain . ’
[ask for] : the former holder of the parliamentary egg portfolio was asked to pen a brief preface to a book called ‘ egg on their faces ’ — ‘ a humorous anthology of incidents which have embarrassed people in the public domain . ’

All eventually disappeared except the rorqual 's flippers and teeth , for which the Marine Biological Laboratory had put in a request .
all eventually disappeared except the rorqual 's flippers and teeth , for which the marine biological laboratory had put in a [ask for] .

control by general supervision e.g. reports , returns , request for information , schemes , directions ,
control by general supervision e.g. reports , returns , [ask for] for information , schemes , directions ,

Local authorities to a very great extent are responsible for the present ‘ grant control ’ which is exercised by Central Government for , whenever in recent years the Central Government have asked them to carry out some new function the local authorities have countered the request by a demand for a Government grant to assist with the new service .
local authorities to a very great extent are responsible for the present ‘ grant control ’ which is exercised by central government for , whenever in recent years the central government have asked them to carry out some new function the local authorities have countered the [ask for] by a demand for a government grant to assist with the new service .

However , that money did n't materialise and the county confirmed this week that the request for a loan has been refused .
however , that money did n't materialise and the county confirmed this week that the [ask for] for a loan has been refused .

Philip Tickner reported on planning applications , saying that the request to convert a barn at Pingleston into part living accommodation had been refused , and that application has been made to replace a bungalow at Godsfield , with a four bedroomed house .
philip tickner reported on planning applications , saying that the [ask for] to convert a barn at pingleston into part living accommodation had been refused , and that application has been made to replace a bungalow at godsfield , with a four bedroomed house .

Following a request at the annual parish meeting , councillors have agreed to look into the cost of providing a shelter to be sited on an existing area of hard standing .
following a [ask for] at the annual parish meeting , councillors have agreed to look into the cost of providing a shelter to be sited on an existing area of hard standing .

However , in terms of time and delays in supply this stratification of service usually results in being decreasingly satisfactory to the reader whose request falls into category 2 or 3 .
however , in terms of time and delays in supply this stratification of service usually results in being decreasingly satisfactory to the reader whose [ask for] falls into category 2 or 3 .

They also give the firm impression of responding to virtually any request for additional funding for further agricultural supports put to them , without assessing the impact of what could be involved .
they also give the firm impression of responding to virtually any [ask for] for additional funding for further agricultural supports put to them , without assessing the impact of what could be involved .

The unit operates a postal library service where photocopies of cases are available to CABx on request or by subscription .
the unit operates a postal library service where photocopies of cases are available to cabx on [ask for] or by subscription .

At first the track was more widely spaced with ornamental centre poles , but in 1927 — at the request of Fleetwood — side poles and span wires were substituted and the track re-positioned centrally .
at first the track was more widely spaced with ornamental centre poles , but in 1927 — at the [ask for] of fleetwood — side poles and span wires were substituted and the track re-positioned centrally .

The Union reorganised at the request of , and for the benefit of , its employees .
the union reorganised at the [ask for] of , and for the benefit of , its employees .

Your request for a statement of reasons may be either verbal or written .
your [ask for] for a statement of reasons may be either verbal or written .

It is better to put it in writing , and keep a copy , so that you have proof of when the request was made .
it is better to put it in writing , and keep a copy , so that you have proof of when the [ask for] was made .

Coleridge 's recollections of his Ottery childhood survive chiefly in the resonant and deeply-felt autobiographical letters which he wrote at Tom Poole 's request during 1797–8 .
coleridge 's recollections of his ottery childhood survive chiefly in the resonant and deeply-felt autobiographical letters which he wrote at tom poole 's [ask for] during 1797–8 .

Poole remembered that at the place of execution Ann Rice , ‘ almost lifeless ’ , was brought at John Walford 's request from the back of an enormous crowd .
poole remembered that at the place of execution ann rice , ‘ almost lifeless ’ , was brought at john walford 's [ask for] from the back of an enormous crowd .

Instruments are available for trial on request .
instruments are available for trial on [ask for] .

Free copies of both are available on request .
free copies of both are available on [ask for] .

By allowing a number of copies of the same document to be produced on request from the microfilmed back-up copy , branches would be likely to establish their own duplicate files .
by allowing a number of copies of the same document to be produced on [ask for] from the microfilmed back-up copy , branches would be likely to establish their own duplicate files .

There seems to be no particular difficulty with exigo , unless it is that it takes the form not of a request ( like the wordings in Gaius ) but of an instruction .
there seems to be no particular difficulty with exigo , unless it is that it takes the form not of a [ask for] ( like the wordings in gaius ) but of an instruction .

The difficulty resides in the fact that the expression chosen does not satisfy the standard pattern of a request that the trustee benefit the beneficiary .
the difficulty resides in the fact that the expression chosen does not satisfy the standard pattern of a [ask for] that the trustee benefit the beneficiary .

There are cases , however , in which the trustee is not addressed with a request , or in which no words purporting to constitute a trust are used at all .
there are cases , however , in which the trustee is not addressed with a [ask for] , or in which no words purporting to constitute a trust are used at all .

This request gives rise to an action for the coheirs to obtain Titius ’ share of the estate in so far as it exceeds that sum .
this [ask for] gives rise to an action for the coheirs to obtain titius ’ share of the estate in so far as it exceeds that sum .

Here there are no words which could be said to amount to a request for property to be made over to Titius .
here there are no words which could be said to amount to a [ask for] for property to be made over to titius .

Equally , so far as the civil law was concerned , a request phrased in terms of a trust to one of the heirs to pay all debts would be ineffective .
equally , so far as the civil law was concerned , a [ask for] phrased in terms of a trust to one of the heirs to pay all debts would be ineffective .

Under the law of trusts , however , a request of this kind was significant , and amounted to creating an entitlement in the daughter to seek relief from liability .
under the law of trusts , however , a [ask for] of this kind was significant , and amounted to creating an entitlement in the daughter to seek relief from liability .

Instead it was regular practice for a settlor to request a trustee to make property over to a third party .
instead it was regular practice for a settlor to [ask for] a trustee to make property over to a third party .

So long as the request made the settlor 's intention clear , no problem arose .
so long as the [ask for] made the settlor 's intention clear , no problem arose .

But wordings which did not take the shape of a request also soon came to be accepted .
but wordings which did not take the shape of a [ask for] also soon came to be accepted .

Fidei committo itself does not have the basic sense of ‘ request ’ .
fidei committo itself does not have the basic sense of ‘ [ask for] ’ .

And most of the other wordings discussed have no sense of ‘ request ’ about them at all .
and most of the other wordings discussed have no sense of ‘ [ask for] ’ about them at all .

The next step was to admit indirect words : a trust did not demand that the trustee should be addressed with a properly phrased request .
the next step was to admit indirect words : a trust did not demand that the trustee should be addressed with a properly phrased [ask for] .

Such a request fell far short of creating a civil-law obligation to do so .
such a [ask for] fell far short of creating a civil-law obligation to do so .

The solution devised by the jurists is discussed in more detail in the next chapter : they appealed to fides ; decided that in good faith payment of such a request was required ; and inspired the necessary procedural recognition of such requests .
the solution devised by the jurists is discussed in more detail in the next chapter : they appealed to fides ; decided that in good faith payment of such a [ask for] was required ; and inspired the necessary procedural recognition of such requests .

Perhaps the most deliberate use made of autobiographical sources is to be found in Thomas and Znaniecki 's study of the Polish peasant in Europe and America , where use is made of a specially commissioned autobiography written by a young man , Wladek Wisznienski , at the request of the authors .
perhaps the most deliberate use made of autobiographical sources is to be found in thomas and znaniecki 's study of the polish peasant in europe and america , where use is made of a specially commissioned autobiography written by a young man , wladek wisznienski , at the [ask for] of the authors .

By request of the potman who was looking most worried .
by [ask for] of the potman who was looking most worried .

The second was the request for payment for the three lessons .
the second was the [ask for] for payment for the three lessons .

In most cases , the retailer will be familiar with a manufacturer 's range of products and will be ordering further supplies of an item he usually stocks . The request will be entered on an order form like the one below :
in most cases , the retailer will be familiar with a manufacturer 's range of products and will be ordering further supplies of an item he usually stocks . the [ask for] will be entered on an order form like the one below :

By request , it flew over the Works after assembly .
by [ask for] , it flew over the works after assembly .

Free admission to rehearsals on request .
free admission to rehearsals on [ask for] .

Available on request £8.95
available on [ask for] £8.95

Full details of the standard Terms and Conditions of the Guaranteed Capital Bond can be found in the policy documents . Copies of these and your application form are available on request from Midland Life Limited
full details of the standard terms and conditions of the guaranteed capital bond can be found in the policy documents . copies of these and your application form are available on [ask for] from midland life limited

You can also request a Saver Plus statement at the Self-Service machines .
you can also [ask for] a saver plus statement at the self-service machines .

At the same meeting at which the Vial memorandum was read , on 6 September 1791 , a letter to the secretary from Messrs Kirkman and Hendy ( who were present ) was produced : ‘ Sir , In consequence of your Advertisement we beg leave to inform you , that we have contracted with Lord Camden for about 100 acres of building land , near [ Old ] St Pancras Church , abutting on the Turnpike Road leading to Kentish Town , which is intended to be called Camden Town conceiving the situation eligible for your truly valuable Institution we request you will lay this our proposal before the Society — We hold this Land under his Lordship for 99 years from Michaelmas last , the three first subject to no Ground Rent , our proposal is , that Lord Camden does and he will under our direction grant the Society a lease for 99 years from that time , the three first subject to no rent but for the remainder of the term an Annual Rent of thirty pounds per acre , should this proposal meet with approbation , the Society have only to direct their Surveyor to make out any quantity of land and in what position they conceive will best answer their purpose ’ .
at the same meeting at which the vial memorandum was read , on 6 september 1791 , a letter to the secretary from messrs kirkman and hendy ( who were present ) was produced : ‘ sir , in consequence of your advertisement we beg leave to inform you , that we have contracted with lord camden for about 100 acres of building land , near [ old ] st pancras church , abutting on the turnpike road leading to kentish town , which is intended to be called camden town conceiving the situation eligible for your truly valuable institution we [ask for] you will lay this our proposal before the society — we hold this land under his lordship for 99 years from michaelmas last , the three first subject to no ground rent , our proposal is , that lord camden does and he will under our direction grant the society a lease for 99 years from that time , the three first subject to no rent but for the remainder of the term an annual rent of thirty pounds per acre , should this proposal meet with approbation , the society have only to direct their surveyor to make out any quantity of land and in what position they conceive will best answer their purpose ’ .

An incredible example of the attitude in London can be seen in the response to a request from practitioners that they , like anybody else in the land , should become subscribing members of the College .
an incredible example of the attitude in london can be seen in the response to a [ask for] from practitioners that they , like anybody else in the land , should become subscribing members of the college .

This led the partners towards a request that the school produce a plan for its Guidance programme from which the partners could identify and prioritise the support which they could offer towards enhancing our activities and adding to the quality of our provision .
this led the partners towards a [ask for] that the school produce a plan for its guidance programme from which the partners could identify and prioritise the support which they could offer towards enhancing our activities and adding to the quality of our provision .

This request was important in that it forced the staff involved in Guidance to review the programme and look at the students ' experiences in totality .
this [ask for] was important in that it forced the staff involved in guidance to review the programme and look at the students ' experiences in totality .

Sir Wilfred Grenfell of Labrador came to speak at the White Rock Pavilion , Hastings , at his request .
sir wilfred grenfell of labrador came to speak at the white rock pavilion , hastings , at his [ask for] .

Only from Prague did a request come for his expert knowledge .
only from prague did a [ask for] come for his expert knowledge .

request senior teachers to share information .
[ask for] senior teachers to share information .

Special winter breaks available on request .
special winter breaks available on [ask for] .

Matters covered by the Agreement on Social Policy may be implemented by way of Council decision at the joint request of the signatory parties .
matters covered by the agreement on social policy may be implemented by way of council decision at the joint [ask for] of the signatory parties .

An alternative procedure which businesses are increasingly using , and which to a certain extent obviates some of the disadvantages of seeking an exemption or negative clearance , is to request the Commission to issue comfort letters .
an alternative procedure which businesses are increasingly using , and which to a certain extent obviates some of the disadvantages of seeking an exemption or negative clearance , is to [ask for] the commission to issue comfort letters .

The Commission , however , has wide power to obtain information from the parties by making a formal request to supply information and/or documents within a specified period of time .
the commission , however , has wide power to obtain information from the parties by making a formal [ask for] to supply information and/or documents within a specified period of time .

Therefore , the Commission agreed to the request of the United Kingdom and decided to refer the aspect of the case regarding the product markets of bricks and clay tiles to the United Kingdom authorities to be dealt with under United Kingdom competition law .
therefore , the commission agreed to the [ask for] of the united kingdom and decided to refer the aspect of the case regarding the product markets of bricks and clay tiles to the united kingdom authorities to be dealt with under united kingdom competition law .

Lastly , under the so-called ‘ Dutch ’ clause , member states may request the Commission to review the effect of any concentration , even if it does not meet the thresholds of the Merger Regulation .
lastly , under the so-called ‘ dutch ’ clause , member states may [ask for] the commission to review the effect of any concentration , even if it does not meet the thresholds of the merger regulation .

‘ Your dying request ? ’ said John le Grant .
‘ your dying [ask for] ? ’ said john le grant .

Consultant Greta Baldwin has received a request for a consultation from an inhabitant of Coutances .
consultant greta baldwin has received a [ask for] for a consultation from an inhabitant of coutances .

Only when they were both naked and in bed did the girl remember her mother 's final request , to put on a load of washing .
only when they were both naked and in bed did the girl remember her mother 's final [ask for] , to put on a load of washing .

( Available on request in advance and in English only . Please note that a minimum of 24 notice is required )
( available on [ask for] in advance and in english only . please note that a minimum of 24 notice is required )

Admission charges ( including group , school and other concessionary rates ) and opening times are available on request .
admission charges ( including group , school and other concessionary rates ) and opening times are available on [ask for] .

Visitors with mobility , sight or hearing impairments will be sent an information sheet and plan on request .
visitors with mobility , sight or hearing impairments will be sent an information sheet and plan on [ask for] .

You may be no stranger to our Tattoo and indeed this information may come to you at your own request .
you may be no stranger to our tattoo and indeed this information may come to you at your own [ask for] .

Children 's price on request .
children 's price on [ask for] .

To this request the Registrar of the court acceded by ‘ entering judgement ’ for the lender who received it in writing .
to this [ask for] the registrar of the court acceded by ‘ entering judgement ’ for the lender who received it in writing .

To request a brochure call 081 423 3131 .
to [ask for] a brochure call 081 423 3131 .

Vegetarians will need to request special dishes , but the chef and his staff are very helpful .
vegetarians will need to [ask for] special dishes , but the chef and his staff are very helpful .

At the couple 's request .
at the couple 's [ask for] .

The requirement has been officially confirmed and specified in a Request to the Registration Committee 1978 .
the requirement has been officially confirmed and specified in a [ask for] to the registration committee 1978 .

In the particular case in question , to meet the authority 's request , exposure measurements on Nuvacron 40 were conducted in June and October 1975 , under the supervision of government officials .
in the particular case in question , to meet the authority 's [ask for] , exposure measurements on nuvacron 40 were conducted in june and october 1975 , under the supervision of government officials .

Collaboration is emphasised in a report prepared at the request of Europe 's heads of government , who met at the Versailles economic summit last year .
collaboration is emphasised in a report prepared at the [ask for] of europe 's heads of government , who met at the versailles economic summit last year .

In 1944 Bethe was forced to relieve Teller , at his own request , and his group from work on the war-time development of the fission bomb .
in 1944 bethe was forced to relieve teller , at his own [ask for] , and his group from work on the war-time development of the fission bomb .

And it remains an urban common by popular request .
and it remains an urban common by popular [ask for] .

Work on laser weapons in space ( New Scientist , 10 June 1982 , p 714 ) is concentrated at the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency and is budgeted at $ 148.8 million with a request for $ 172.6 million in 1984 .
work on laser weapons in space ( new scientist , 10 june 1982 , p 714 ) is concentrated at the defense advanced research projects agency and is budgeted at $ 148.8 million with a [ask for] for $ 172.6 million in 1984 .

The special characteristics of most of the clones held at Kew are listed in documents such as the International Cacao Cultivar Catalogue , so that the breeder can request clones with features relevant to local needs , such as ease of propagation by cuttings , or ability to grow well without shade .
the special characteristics of most of the clones held at kew are listed in documents such as the international cacao cultivar catalogue , so that the breeder can [ask for] clones with features relevant to local needs , such as ease of propagation by cuttings , or ability to grow well without shade .

Certainly whenever the researchers arrived to arrange their initial series of interviews , several potential interviewees met their request for an interview with queries as to whether we were going to look at ‘ how the incomers/Shetlanders are mixing with Shetlander/incomers ’ .
certainly whenever the researchers arrived to arrange their initial series of interviews , several potential interviewees met their [ask for] for an interview with queries as to whether we were going to look at ‘ how the incomers/shetlanders are mixing with shetlander/incomers ’ .

Some members of the Committee did raise the problem of the ‘ long-term costs to the community ’ likely to be brought about by the closure of Village school , but this objection was apparently passed over with no request for clarification , consultation , or serious study of the problem .
some members of the committee did raise the problem of the ‘ long-term costs to the community ’ likely to be brought about by the closure of village school , but this objection was apparently passed over with no [ask for] for clarification , consultation , or serious study of the problem .

Indeed for a while , at the height of popular discontent , the Planning Committee and the full Council , aimed to accept every planning request except the most out-standing breaches of the rules .
indeed for a while , at the height of popular discontent , the planning committee and the full council , aimed to accept every planning [ask for] except the most out-standing breaches of the rules .

3 Repeat your request ( to leave , etc. ) if necessary .
3 repeat your [ask for] ( to leave , etc. ) if necessary .

Thus regions may make a case for transport links with the Tunnel on the grounds that current levels of business demand it , but may not request them as a necessary precondition to the creation of that demand .
thus regions may make a case for transport links with the tunnel on the grounds that current levels of business demand it , but may not [ask for] them as a necessary precondition to the creation of that demand .

When Mansell then returned to the Williams garage and asked the team to lodge a protest , his request was refused .
when mansell then returned to the williams garage and asked the team to lodge a protest , his [ask for] was refused .

But to his unfortunate son and daughter ( William Armstrong and Margo Gunn ) he seems to ‘ make Shylock look like Dr. Barnardo ’ as he keeps them in penury with each request for money causing him acute physical pain .
but to his unfortunate son and daughter ( william armstrong and margo gunn ) he seems to ‘ make shylock look like dr. barnardo ’ as he keeps them in penury with each [ask for] for money causing him acute physical pain .

This request opened out a new field of activities for Factota Limited , and the amateur gardener was in high fettle as she marched down Catkin Lane , with a large fork over her shoulder and Sausage prancing at her side .
this [ask for] opened out a new field of activities for factota limited , and the amateur gardener was in high fettle as she marched down catkin lane , with a large fork over her shoulder and sausage prancing at her side .

They will come to the window when they see me to request food — but not to those of my friends who are unknown to them .
they will come to the window when they see me to [ask for] food — but not to those of my friends who are unknown to them .

So do Humpbacks have ways of expressing the same request for the repetition of a pleasurable sonic experience ?
so do humpbacks have ways of expressing the same [ask for] for the repetition of a pleasurable sonic experience ?

The teacher also knew that when she answered Sherman 's request in the affirmative he appeared to be extraordinarily pleased .
the teacher also knew that when she answered sherman 's [ask for] in the affirmative he appeared to be extraordinarily pleased .

However , the teacher had not initially understood the request completely and the acquiescence with regard to going outdoors had led Sherman to believe that he could also go see the gorillas .
however , the teacher had not initially understood the [ask for] completely and the acquiescence with regard to going outdoors had led sherman to believe that he could also go see the gorillas .

Although Sherman had not used the keyboard , he had certainly made a combinatorial request .
although sherman had not used the keyboard , he had certainly made a combinatorial [ask for] .

It had involved the use of a symbol and a photograph to produce a novel communicative request to go to a very specific location , and one that he could not request at his keyboard alone .
it had involved the use of a symbol and a photograph to produce a novel communicative [ask for] to go to a very specific location , and one that he could not [ask for] at his keyboard alone .

The marked change in Sherman 's demeanour when he realized that his request was not going to be granted was dramatic .
the marked change in sherman 's demeanour when he realized that his [ask for] was not going to be granted was dramatic .

Students wishing to apply for a loan should request an Eligibility Questionnaire from one of these offices and at the same time make an appointment to obtain an Eligibility Certificate .
students wishing to apply for a loan should [ask for] an eligibility questionnaire from one of these offices and at the same time make an appointment to obtain an eligibility certificate .

An information package about how counselling might help with particular problems is available on request from any of the campus offices .
an information package about how counselling might help with particular problems is available on [ask for] from any of the campus offices .

It is the responsibility of all candidates to find out their results and of unsuccessful candidates to request their course director or senior course tutor to provide them with a written record of the decision which the Board of Examiners has taken about their progress .
it is the responsibility of all candidates to find out their results and of unsuccessful candidates to [ask for] their course director or senior course tutor to provide them with a written record of the decision which the board of examiners has taken about their progress .

divulge their own password except with the written approval of the Director following their expressed request ;
divulge their own password except with the written approval of the director following their expressed [ask for] ;

In the last case , the University will make arrangements for copying on request .
in the last case , the university will make arrangements for copying on [ask for] .

Jimmy and Denis we decided would not look too kindly on our request , the one being too staid and the other too much engrossed in his wife and family .
jimmy and denis we decided would not look too kindly on our [ask for] , the one being too staid and the other too much engrossed in his wife and family .

Their popularity resulted in Tiller getting a request not only to train the children and arrange the ballets but also to present a quartette of ‘ lady ’ dancers for the 1891 pantomime The Fair One with the Golden Locks at the Comedy Theatre , Manchester .
their popularity resulted in tiller getting a [ask for] not only to train the children and arrange the ballets but also to present a quartette of ‘ lady ’ dancers for the 1891 pantomime the fair one with the golden locks at the comedy theatre , manchester .

When he offered to buy her a house in Blackpool , her request was for a simple terrace house , similar to the one in which they had spent their early life together .
when he offered to buy her a house in blackpool , her [ask for] was for a simple terrace house , similar to the one in which they had spent their early life together .

Jennie was heard to remark that the will was a cruel one ; by this she meant that not only were family recriminations made public but that when outlining a request for a company to be formed , her husband certainly showed his doubts about her competence .
jennie was heard to remark that the will was a cruel one ; by this she meant that not only were family recriminations made public but that when outlining a [ask for] for a company to be formed , her husband certainly showed his doubts about her competence .

But after a year , and at the request of members , there were discussions held on all sorts of other subjects .
but after a year , and at the [ask for] of members , there were discussions held on all sorts of other subjects .

( More information is available on request )
( more information is available on [ask for] )

— Guided tours of the house are available to groups on special request .
— guided tours of the house are available to groups on special [ask for] .

Spring to Autumn Programme by request .
spring to autumn programme by [ask for] .

He remembered that Sunday morning in '39 , when Wilf Bullingham , the local amateur photographer , had come around at Bert 's request .
he remembered that sunday morning in '39 , when wilf bullingham , the local amateur photographer , had come around at bert 's [ask for] .

Probably , in his youth , some tone deaf colleague had told him that he possessed a good voice , ever since when , he would arise at every opportunity , usually by reluctant request , and then po-faced with hand on heart , would bellow ‘ Come into the garden Maude ’ , watched by a captive audience and a proud , watery-eyed wife .
probably , in his youth , some tone deaf colleague had told him that he possessed a good voice , ever since when , he would arise at every opportunity , usually by reluctant [ask for] , and then po-faced with hand on heart , would bellow ‘ come into the garden maude ’ , watched by a captive audience and a proud , watery-eyed wife .

He remembered his mother telling him about Sid Watkins ' request for another salmon .
he remembered his mother telling him about sid watkins ' [ask for] for another salmon .

Learned professional societies , on the whole , only gave instruction at the request of the users .
learned professional societies , on the whole , only gave instruction at the [ask for] of the users .

Where necessary , to request the commissioning of short reviews in particular areas .
where necessary , to [ask for] the commissioning of short reviews in particular areas .

Trim men 's beard and moustache , if they request this .
trim men 's beard and moustache , if they [ask for] this .

Rings should only be removed at the request of relatives or the manager and this should be recorded .
rings should only be removed at the [ask for] of relatives or the manager and this should be recorded .

It depends how often we can actually get the chiropodist , but she 's been very , very good recently and she 's come along at request , so we 're fortunate in that area .
it depends how often we can actually get the chiropodist , but she 's been very , very good recently and she 's come along at [ask for] , so we 're fortunate in that area .

They only have to request it , and they can certainly go across to the shops .
they only have to [ask for] it , and they can certainly go across to the shops .

Its suggestion of increased co-operation and assistance of international agencies with banks was subsequently acted upon after Mexico 's rescheduling request in August 1982 .
its suggestion of increased co-operation and assistance of international agencies with banks was subsequently acted upon after mexico 's rescheduling [ask for] in august 1982 .

Failure to meet this request might result in a lost contract .
failure to meet this [ask for] might result in a lost contract .

We can easily imagine devices by which a public memory could within modest limits reorganize itself on demand ; a catalog , or some analogous instrument , could be devised that would on request display its contents in several different arrangements .
we can easily imagine devices by which a public memory could within modest limits reorganize itself on demand ; a catalog , or some analogous instrument , could be devised that would on [ask for] display its contents in several different arrangements .

In making demands of a child you need to ensure that the request is appropriate to his or her age and ability , and that you are not expecting too much .
in making demands of a child you need to ensure that the [ask for] is appropriate to his or her age and ability , and that you are not expecting too much .

You may find yourself in the midst of a lengthy disputation about the rights and wrongs of a particular request you made ( 'But you said another five minutes , mum ! '
you may find yourself in the midst of a lengthy disputation about the rights and wrongs of a particular [ask for] you made ( 'but you said another five minutes , mum ! '

Your child consistently fails to obey your request ( or command ) within a reasonable time ( say , between five and fifteen seconds , depending on the urgency of the situation ) .
your child consistently fails to obey your [ask for] ( or command ) within a reasonable time ( say , between five and fifteen seconds , depending on the urgency of the situation ) .

Make the request standing close to the child ; with a young child get down close to the height of the little one .
make the [ask for] standing close to the child ; with a young child get down close to the height of the little one .

Try to be looking at the child when you make your request .
try to be looking at the child when you make your [ask for] .

( With an inattentive , hyperactive child you might hold him in front of you and ask him to repeat your request as a check that he has ‘ taken it in ’ . )
( with an inattentive , hyperactive child you might hold him in front of you and ask him to repeat your [ask for] as a check that he has ‘ taken it in ’ . )

His release from time-out required that he quieten down and comply with the original request on his return .
his release from time-out required that he quieten down and comply with the original [ask for] on his return .

The brothers dutifully responded to the May-Day request and immediately set out in their 36 foot launch to search for the bevvied buccaneer .
the brothers dutifully responded to the may-day [ask for] and immediately set out in their 36 foot launch to search for the bevvied buccaneer .

Every day she meets him at the well , and every day he repeats the same request , till at last she yields .
every day she meets him at the well , and every day he repeats the same [ask for] , till at last she yields .

Hunt , who drafted the reply , said that the dates could not be altered ; they had had 1,050 applications and only one request for an extension .
hunt , who drafted the reply , said that the dates could not be altered ; they had had 1,050 applications and only one [ask for] for an extension .

Scott 's instructions to proceed with working drawings followed on 17th March with a request for a list of builders willing to tender for the work .
scott 's instructions to proceed with working drawings followed on 17th march with a [ask for] for a list of builders willing to tender for the work .

He would also have known that Palmerston , having let it be known that he had asked Scott to submit a new design , was very unlikely to change his mind , and it was perhaps to give the appearance of some purpose to the delegation that he and Tite made their request for another competition .
he would also have known that palmerston , having let it be known that he had asked scott to submit a new design , was very unlikely to change his mind , and it was perhaps to give the appearance of some purpose to the delegation that he and tite made their [ask for] for another competition .

… assertiveness skills help to focus the emphasis of the request on the specific problem , and prevent the asserted comment from being aggressive or intensely personal .
… assertiveness skills help to focus the emphasis of the [ask for] on the specific problem , and prevent the asserted comment from being aggressive or intensely personal .

His teasing request , ‘ Will you do this for me ?
his teasing [ask for] , ‘ will you do this for me ?

by request ( you might return at
by [ask for] ( you might return at

Carl ’ s mother had granted his request for piano instruction under one condition : that he stick to the lessons for six months .
carl ’ s mother had granted his [ask for] for piano instruction under one condition : that he stick to the lessons for six months .

Aspects of adult behavior—warmth , dramatic quality , and attempts to get the child to participate actively—heighten children ’ s interest and involvement in reading.95 An interested child is more likely to request shared reading times , notice features of print that are important for reading , ask questions about them , and ( later on ) read on his or her own .
aspects of adult behavior—warmth , dramatic quality , and attempts to get the child to participate actively—heighten children ’ s interest and involvement in reading.95 an interested child is more likely to [ask for] shared reading times , notice features of print that are important for reading , ask questions about them , and ( later on ) read on his or her own .

Because the customer must write , call , or e-mail these retailers with a specific purchase request , these firms are able to capture actual consumer demand rather than sales numbers alone .
because the customer must write , call , or e-mail these retailers with a specific purchase [ask for] , these firms are able to capture actual consumer demand rather than sales numbers alone .

Diego told her of his sick uncle and of the request from the bishop .
diego told her of his sick uncle and of the [ask for] from the bishop .

A girl was never able to reject a request to dance from a boy , because to turn down an invitation exposed the boy to embarrassment and ridicule for his failure in competition , and could be cause for revenge .
a girl was never able to reject a [ask for] to dance from a boy , because to turn down an invitation exposed the boy to embarrassment and ridicule for his failure in competition , and could be cause for revenge .

A manda may be completed after the request is fulfilled in thanksgiving , or it may be fulfilled before the petition is answered , with the assumption that it will be answered .
a manda may be completed after the [ask for] is fulfilled in thanksgiving , or it may be fulfilled before the petition is answered , with the assumption that it will be answered .

The law has moved so quickly in this arena that most men and women no longer know when and how they can approach a coworker and make a compliment or request a date .
the law has moved so quickly in this arena that most men and women no longer know when and how they can approach a coworker and make a compliment or [ask for] a date .

The Ottoman Sultan agreed to his request and he set about establishing his power base .
the ottoman sultan agreed to his [ask for] and he set about establishing his power base .

The king was happy to send the wine and figs , but would not , however , consent to Bindusara ’ s last request .
the king was happy to send the wine and figs , but would not , however , consent to bindusara ’ s last [ask for] .

Most items can be shipped for the purchaser by request .
most items can be shipped for the purchaser by [ask for] .

Stop by the El Portal Tropical Forest Center before setting out ; guides are available , but you must request one in advance ( Tel .
stop by the el portal tropical forest center before setting out ; guides are available , but you must [ask for] one in advance ( tel .

Visitors are welcome Tuesdays and Thursdays from 5:00 p.m. Request passes from the office of the Nueva Compañía Arrendataria de las Salinas de Torrevieja on the port ’ s main square .
visitors are welcome tuesdays and thursdays from 5:00 p.m. [ask for] passes from the office of the nueva compañía arrendataria de las salinas de torrevieja on the port ’ s main square .

Access is available only on written request or invitation by a deputy .
access is available only on written [ask for] or invitation by a deputy .

Western visitors are not usually shown around unless they specifically request it .
western visitors are not usually shown around unless they specifically [ask for] it .

Request the Sportugal Golfing brochure from a Portuguese National Tourist Office ( see page 169 ) or pick up a copy of Algarve Golf Guide , with information on all of the courses and pro playing tips .
[ask for] the sportugal golfing brochure from a portuguese national tourist office ( see page 169 ) or pick up a copy of algarve golf guide , with information on all of the courses and pro playing tips .

Chief Judge Robert M. Bell said his budget request is intended `` to maintain the same level of services that we have had in the last several years in terms of access to justice '' for the needy .
chief judge robert m. bell said his budget [ask for] is intended `` to maintain the same level of services that we have had in the last several years in terms of access to justice '' for the needy .

For the first time , and at the judiciary 's request , Rhudy has sent every new legislator an orientation package about legal help for the poor .
for the first time , and at the judiciary 's [ask for] , rhudy has sent every new legislator an orientation package about legal help for the poor .

Joseph , a 54-year-old naturalized citizen , turned to Legal Services when the landlord of his federally subsidized apartment complex in Elizabeth turned a deaf ear to his request for a ground-floor apartment .
joseph , a 54-year-old naturalized citizen , turned to legal services when the landlord of his federally subsidized apartment complex in elizabeth turned a deaf ear to his [ask for] for a ground-floor apartment .

LSC 's funding request from Congress is essentially unchanged , says Weir , because the poverty population has decreased in some states such as Michigan , but has risen in others , and the number of persons in the U.S. living in poverty has changed little over the past decade .
lsc 's funding [ask for] from congress is essentially unchanged , says weir , because the poverty population has decreased in some states such as michigan , but has risen in others , and the number of persons in the u.s. living in poverty has changed little over the past decade .

For the second consecutive year , President Bush in February supported Legal Services ' funding request by asking Congress to give the group $ 329.3 million under his budget proposal for next year .
for the second consecutive year , president bush in february supported legal services ' funding [ask for] by asking congress to give the group $ 329.3 million under his budget proposal for next year .

That request matches Legal Services ' current annual spending plan .
that [ask for] matches legal services ' current annual spending plan .

Subia , who quit high school at age 14 to help his family and who has never earned more than minimum wage in his life , never imagined he could one day serve on a committee at the request of the president .
subia , who quit high school at age 14 to help his family and who has never earned more than minimum wage in his life , never imagined he could one day serve on a committee at the [ask for] of the president .

She called Legal Aid after months of wrangling with federal bureaucrats who denied her request for financial help -- about $ 6,000 a year -- to provide speech therapy for her 2-year-old son , who was born with autism .
she called legal aid after months of wrangling with federal bureaucrats who denied her [ask for] for financial help -- about $ 6,000 a year -- to provide speech therapy for her 2-year-old son , who was born with autism .

The board overseeing the state Office of Crime Victim Reparations [ CVR ] has voted to deny a stopgap funding request from the two organizations .
the board overseeing the state office of crime victim reparations [ cvr ] has voted to deny a stopgap funding [ask for] from the two organizations .

While describing the request as a worthy cause , board members agreed Tuesday that funding divorces or custody disputes was outside their focus -- providing direct services for crime victims .
while describing the [ask for] as a worthy cause , board members agreed tuesday that funding divorces or custody disputes was outside their focus -- providing direct services for crime victims .

Last month , a third request was denied .
last month , a third [ask for] was denied .

Although CVR board members considered giving the money as a loan , not a grant , their vote on the funding request -- taken after Milne and Ralphs left the meeting -- was unanimous .
although cvr board members considered giving the money as a loan , not a grant , their vote on the funding [ask for] -- taken after milne and ralphs left the meeting -- was unanimous .

You can request it after filing your complaint , but , as with anything filed with a court , nothing can be done about your request until the other party responds .
you can [ask for] it after filing your complaint , but , as with anything filed with a court , nothing can be done about your [ask for] until the other party responds .

Was its 2001 request .
was its 2001 [ask for] .

While AILA has joined the ACLU and other organizations in a Freedom of Information Act request to find out who is being detained where and why , Mohammed notes that the reasons for the immigrants ' detention were not immediately clear and sometimes had dire consequences .
while aila has joined the aclu and other organizations in a freedom of information act [ask for] to find out who is being detained where and why , mohammed notes that the reasons for the immigrants ' detention were not immediately clear and sometimes had dire consequences .

The County Commission has endorsed a request to boost the filing fee from $ 10 to $ 25 and could approve an ordinance as early as Tuesday to implement the fee hike .
the county commission has endorsed a [ask for] to boost the filing fee from $ 10 to $ 25 and could approve an ordinance as early as tuesday to implement the fee hike .

Those motions , and Passaic Legal Aid 's request for relief are scheduled to be heard on October 29 .
those motions , and passaic legal aid 's [ask for] for relief are scheduled to be heard on october 29 .

Wendy Maloney spent nearly an hour filling out a request for a restraining order on the computer in Orange .
wendy maloney spent nearly an hour filling out a [ask for] for a restraining order on the computer in orange .

If approved , the hold-the-line request for LSC means its budget would erode with inflation for another year , but it could be worse for the organization : Many conservatives fought for years to do away with the LSC altogether , saying legal services attorneys were spending too much time fighting for liberal causes or pursuing politically charged cases against the government instead of representing the needy .
if approved , the hold-the-line [ask for] for lsc means its budget would erode with inflation for another year , but it could be worse for the organization : many conservatives fought for years to do away with the lsc altogether , saying legal services attorneys were spending too much time fighting for liberal causes or pursuing politically charged cases against the government instead of representing the needy .

The latter is a special state treasury account created at the high court 's request and allowed for under legislation enacted earlier this year .
the latter is a special state treasury account created at the high court 's [ask for] and allowed for under legislation enacted earlier this year .

She added that when she has not been able to reach everyone , she responds to patients who request help .
she added that when she has not been able to reach everyone , she responds to patients who [ask for] help .

If a study section does not include a relevant expert , then a cover letter with the grant application can request such an expert .
if a study section does not include a relevant expert , then a cover letter with the grant application can [ask for] such an expert .

Request for Increased Human Capital and Management Flexibilities The President 's proposal includes a set of human capital and management flexibilities for the new department .
[ask for] for increased human capital and management flexibilities the president 's proposal includes a set of human capital and management flexibilities for the new department .

Request for Increased Budget Flexibility Other flexibilities , such as ones for acquisitions and contracting , are included in the President 's proposal .
[ask for] for increased budget flexibility other flexibilities , such as ones for acquisitions and contracting , are included in the president 's proposal .

Congress may want to consider not expressly providing certain flexibilities in the initial legislation , but rather providing a mechanism for expedited consideration of flexibilities should the new department request them in the future .
congress may want to consider not expressly providing certain flexibilities in the initial legislation , but rather providing a mechanism for expedited consideration of flexibilities should the new department [ask for] them in the future .

If the business unit exceeds its point budget , it has the opportunity to request additional points from the Deputy Commissioner .
if the business unit exceeds its point budget , it has the opportunity to [ask for] additional points from the deputy commissioner .

We will also make this report available to others upon request .
we will also make this report available to others upon [ask for] .

It was prepared at the request of Senator Joseph I. Lieberman , Chairman , Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs .
it was prepared at the [ask for] of senator joseph i. lieberman , chairman , senate committee on governmental affairs .

The primary focus of ITRB is to provide a review of major system initiatives at the joint request of the Office of Management and Budget and an agency and to publicize lessons learned and promising practices .
the primary focus of itrb is to provide a review of major system initiatives at the joint [ask for] of the office of management and budget and an agency and to publicize lessons learned and promising practices .

At your request , this report examines selected experiences five agencies have had in implementing practices that helped empower or involve frontline employees .
at your [ask for] , this report examines selected experiences five agencies have had in implementing practices that helped empower or involve frontline employees .

From the inventories of the initiatives they developed in response to our request , we asked agency officials to identify those agency components and initiatives that , in their view , had successfully involved and empowered employees .
from the inventories of the initiatives they developed in response to our [ask for] , we asked agency officials to identify those agency components and initiatives that , in their view , had successfully involved and empowered employees .

Page 24 GAO-01-1070 Human Capital to request services and wait for responses .
page 24 gao-01-1070 human capital to [ask for] services and wait for responses .

In addition , we will make copies available to others upon request .
in addition , we will make copies available to others upon [ask for] .

During the first three months of 1997 , she had met twice with the organization 's chief executive officer , at his request , to discuss the security implications of new applications .
during the first three months of 1997 , she had met twice with the organization 's chief executive officer , at his [ask for] , to discuss the security implications of new applications .

OMB and FASAB will respond to the request for guidance by providing technical assistance unless they determine that the response should be an Interpretation .
omb and fasab will respond to the [ask for] for guidance by providing technical assistance unless they determine that the response should be an interpretation .

In that event , FASAB staff will provide written copies of the request to the Board members .
in that event , fasab staff will provide written copies of the [ask for] to the board members .

REQUEST FOR MORE SPECIFICITY IN REPORTING REQUIREMENTS 123 .
[ask for] for more specificity in reporting requirements 123 .

At the request of Congress , we studied a number of leading public sector organizations that were successfully pursuing management reform initiatives and becoming more results-oriented.5 We studied state governments , such as Florida , Oregon , Minnesota , North Carolina , Texas , and Virginia ; and foreign governments , such as Australia , Canada , New Zealand , and the United Kingdom .
at the [ask for] of congress , we studied a number of leading public sector organizations that were successfully pursuing management reform initiatives and becoming more results-oriented.5 we studied state governments , such as florida , oregon , minnesota , north carolina , texas , and virginia ; and foreign governments , such as australia , canada , new zealand , and the united kingdom .

At its stakeholders ' request , it provided trend data and laid out strategies for achieving its environmental milestones .
at its stakeholders ' [ask for] , it provided trend data and laid out strategies for achieving its environmental milestones .

However , OMB is requiring descriptions of the proposed performance goals and indicators for fiscal year 1999 with the agency 's fiscal year 1998 budget request .
however , omb is requiring descriptions of the proposed performance goals and indicators for fiscal year 1999 with the agency 's fiscal year 1998 budget [ask for] .

GPRA requires that each agency submit to the President and to the appropriate authorization and appropriations committees of Congress an annual report on program performance for the previous fiscal year ( copies are to be provided to other congressional committees and to the public upon request ) .
gpra requires that each agency submit to the president and to the appropriate authorization and appropriations committees of congress an annual report on program performance for the previous fiscal year ( copies are to be provided to other congressional committees and to the public upon [ask for] ) .

The authority of agencies to request waivers of administrative procedural requirements and controls is intended to provide federal managers with more flexibility to structure agency systems to better support program goals .
the authority of agencies to [ask for] waivers of administrative procedural requirements and controls is intended to provide federal managers with more flexibility to structure agency systems to better support program goals .

On August 23 , 1995 , the comment period was extended at the request of commenters .
on august 23 , 1995 , the comment period was extended at the [ask for] of commenters .

Description of Records Requested In May 2001 , the Comptroller General authorized this GAO study based on a request from Representatives John D. Dingell and Henry A. Waxman , Ranking Minority Members of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce and the House Committee on Government Reform , respectively .
description of records requested in may 2001 , the comptroller general authorized this gao study based on a [ask for] from representatives john d. dingell and henry a. waxman , ranking minority members of the house committee on energy and commerce and the house committee on government reform , respectively .

In communications with the Vice President « s Counsel prior to the August 2 letter , we offered to eliminate our earlier request for minutes and notes and for the information presented by members of the public .
in communications with the vice president « s counsel prior to the august 2 letter , we offered to eliminate our earlier [ask for] for minutes and notes and for the information presented by members of the public .

We responded on June 1 that the request was consistent with our authorities and asked for access to records containing the information requested .
we responded on june 1 that the [ask for] was consistent with our authorities and asked for access to records containing the information requested .

We also repeated our request for information relevant to our study .
we also repeated our [ask for] for information relevant to our study .

Section 716 ( b ) ( 1 ) provides that when GAO is not given access to records within a reasonable time , the Comptroller General may make a written request for such records to the agency head .
section 716 ( b ) ( 1 ) provides that when gao is not given access to records within a reasonable time , the comptroller general may make a written [ask for] for such records to the agency head .

As this letter makes clear , as Comptroller General of the United States , I have broad discretion to conduct audits , investigations , and examinations of executive branch activities either at the request of Congress or on my own authority .
as this letter makes clear , as comptroller general of the united states , i have broad discretion to conduct audits , investigations , and examinations of executive branch activities either at the [ask for] of congress or on my own authority .

Most recently , GAO reviewed activities of the White House China Trade Relations Working Group , which was established at the request of President Clinton in the exercise of his Constitutional powers .
most recently , gao reviewed activities of the white house china trade relations working group , which was established at the [ask for] of president clinton in the exercise of his constitutional powers .

Previously , at the request of the Republican Ranking Minority Member of the House Committee on Government Operations , GAO reviewed activities of President Clinton « s Task Force on Health Care Reform and was provided with an extensive listing of working group participants drawn from the government and from outside organizations .
previously , at the [ask for] of the republican ranking minority member of the house committee on government operations , gao reviewed activities of president clinton « s task force on health care reform and was provided with an extensive listing of working group participants drawn from the government and from outside organizations .

Unless an exemption under section 716 ( d ) ( 1 ) is invoked , such as certification by the President or Director of OMB , I am authorized to bring a civil action for judicial enforcement of our access request if full and complete access to the records we are requesting is not provided to GAO within 20 days following the filing of this report .
unless an exemption under section 716 ( d ) ( 1 ) is invoked , such as certification by the president or director of omb , i am authorized to bring a civil action for judicial enforcement of our access [ask for] if full and complete access to the records we are requesting is not provided to gao within 20 days following the filing of this report .

In some instances , the engagement may have a time frame that is too short for a complete preliminary assessment , for example , a request for testimony in 2 weeks .
in some instances , the engagement may have a time frame that is too short for a complete preliminary assessment , for example , a [ask for] for testimony in 2 weeks .

Inform the requester that such data , needed to respond to the request , are unavailable .
inform the requester that such data , needed to respond to the [ask for] , are unavailable .

When you determine that the data are not sufficiently reliable , you should inform the requester that sufficiently reliable data , needed to respond to the request , are unavailable .
when you determine that the data are not sufficiently reliable , you should inform the requester that sufficiently reliable data , needed to respond to the [ask for] , are unavailable .

As noted above in the case of not sufficiently reliable data , when you determine that the data are of undetermined reliability , you should inform the requester-if appropriate-that sufficiently reliable data , needed to respond to the request , are unavailable .
as noted above in the case of not sufficiently reliable data , when you determine that the data are of undetermined reliability , you should inform the requester-if appropriate-that sufficiently reliable data , needed to respond to the [ask for] , are unavailable .

The administrative approval normally is based on verification that the items ordered were actually received and met the government 's specifications , and thus validates a vendor 's request ( invoice ) for payment .
the administrative approval normally is based on verification that the items ordered were actually received and met the government 's specifications , and thus validates a vendor 's [ask for] ( invoice ) for payment .

At the time of the request , their procedures required the verification of receipt and acceptance prior to authorization of payment .
at the time of the [ask for] , their procedures required the verification of receipt and acceptance prior to authorization of payment .

GAO Response We responded to the request by stating that although fast pay is permitted under certain criteria , the purchases under the process inquired about would not meet the criteria ( 1 ) where the purchase exceeds $ 25,000 or ( 2 ) if the 10percent error rate is considered by management and the IG office to be above the tolerable acceptable error rate .
gao response we responded to the [ask for] by stating that although fast pay is permitted under certain criteria , the purchases under the process inquired about would not meet the criteria ( 1 ) where the purchase exceeds $ 25,000 or ( 2 ) if the 10percent error rate is considered by management and the ig office to be above the tolerable acceptable error rate .

Without a specific request to raise the limitation,15 we stated that verification of receipt and acceptance would be required for all invoices equal to or greater than $ 2,500 .
without a specific [ask for] to raise the limitation,15 we stated that verification of receipt and acceptance would be required for all invoices equal to or greater than $ 2,500 .

However , in this request , we were not provided a design nor asked if the limitation could be raised .
however , in this [ask for] , we were not provided a design nor asked if the limitation could be raised .

Where no match is found , the travel office ( or certifying officer ) could request the hotel receipts to verify outoftown lodging costs .
where no match is found , the travel office ( or certifying officer ) could [ask for] the hotel receipts to verify outoftown lodging costs .

One agency intended to implement an employee travel claim procedure allowing travelers , with certain exceptions , to merely list an aggregate amount of all expenses that individually cost $ 75 or less.19 At thetimeof the request , GSA required all travel expenses to be listed on the voucher ; however , it granted the requester a waiver of the requirement to itemize expenses costing $ 75 or less as long as we concurred .
one agency intended to implement an employee travel claim procedure allowing travelers , with certain exceptions , to merely list an aggregate amount of all expenses that individually cost $ 75 or less.19 at thetimeof the [ask for] , gsa required all travel expenses to be listed on the voucher ; however , it granted the requester a waiver of the requirement to itemize expenses costing $ 75 or less as long as we concurred .

The rules were published in the Federal Register as interim rules with request for comments on April 8 , 1997 .
the rules were published in the federal register as interim rules with [ask for] for comments on april 8 , 1997 .

GAO will do work without a written request only if the work involves limited technical assistance that can be completed within 5 staff days , such as providing briefings on prior work or readily available information .
gao will do work without a written [ask for] only if the work involves limited technical assistance that can be completed within 5 staff days , such as providing briefings on prior work or readily available information .

GAO will refer any person who wants a copy of a request letter to the Member who submitted it .
gao will refer any person who wants a copy of a [ask for] letter to the member who submitted it .

If the request affects both Houses of Congress , GAO will work with the requester to seek bicameral support for the request from either ( 1 ) the senior leaders of the Senate and House or ( 2 ) the Chairs and Ranking Members of the Senate and House committees of jurisdiction over the congressional program or activity .
if the [ask for] affects both houses of congress , gao will work with the requester to seek bicameral support for the [ask for] from either ( 1 ) the senior leaders of the senate and house or ( 2 ) the chairs and ranking members of the senate and house committees of jurisdiction over the congressional program or activity .

If the request affects only one House , GAO will work with the requester to seek support for the request from either ( 1 ) the senior leaders of the affected House or ( 2 ) the Chair and Ranking Member of the committee ( s ) of jurisdiction over the congressional program or activity .
if the [ask for] affects only one house , gao will work with the requester to seek support for the [ask for] from either ( 1 ) the senior leaders of the affected house or ( 2 ) the chair and ranking member of the committee ( s ) of jurisdiction over the congressional program or activity .

When it is not possible to obtain bicameral or bipartisan support , GAO will work with the requester to notify the other House or party of the request before GAO commits itself to do the work .
when it is not possible to obtain bicameral or bipartisan support , gao will work with the requester to notify the other house or party of the [ask for] before gao commits itself to do the work .

GAO will provide to all Members who request work , within 10 business days of receipt , a letter acknowledging the receipt of the request and either accepting or declining it .
gao will provide to all members who [ask for] work , within 10 business days of receipt , a letter acknowledging the receipt of the [ask for] and either accepting or declining it .

When a request is accepted , GAO will provide the requester an estimate of when the job is likely to be staffed ( e.g. , immediately , within a few weeks , within several months , or at a future date to be determined ) .
when a [ask for] is accepted , gao will provide the requester an estimate of when the job is likely to be staffed ( e.g. , immediately , within a few weeks , within several months , or at a future date to be determined ) .

When a request is declined , GAO will provide the requester the rationale for declining the work ( e.g. , the requested work is outside GAO 's scope of authority , GAO already has ongoing work addressing the issue , or resource constraints limit our ability to respond to a Member request ) .
when a [ask for] is declined , gao will provide the requester the rationale for declining the work ( e.g. , the requested work is outside gao 's scope of authority , gao already has ongoing work addressing the issue , or resource constraints limit our ability to respond to a member [ask for] ) .

In consideration of its past practice for requests from GAO 's oversight committees-Senate Governmental Affairs and House Government Reform-GAO will send a copy of our letter to either the Chair ( if the Ranking Member submitted the request ) or the Ranking Member ( if the Chair submitted the request ) of those committees .
in consideration of its past practice for requests from gao 's oversight committees-senate governmental affairs and house government reform-gao will send a copy of our letter to either the chair ( if the ranking member submitted the [ask for] ) or the ranking member ( if the chair submitted the [ask for] ) of those committees .

Congressional requesters should not expect GAO to proceed with the request or provide additional services until GAO has informed each requester that it will accept the request .
congressional requesters should not expect gao to proceed with the [ask for] or provide additional services until gao has informed each requester that it will accept the [ask for] .

After accepting the request , GAO will initiate a meeting with the requester 's staff within 20 business days of receiving the request to gain a better understanding of the requester 's need for information and the nature of the research questions .
after accepting the [ask for] , gao will initiate a meeting with the requester 's staff within 20 business days of receiving the [ask for] to gain a better understanding of the requester 's need for information and the nature of the research questions .

Once the requester and GAO have agreed to proceed with the request , GAO will provide the following to the requester :
once the requester and gao have agreed to proceed with the [ask for] , gao will provide the following to the requester :

By law , the Senate Governmental Affairs and House Government Reform committees may request a copy of any draft product generated under GAO 's legislative authority ( research and development work ) when it is sent to the agency for comment .
by law , the senate governmental affairs and house government reform committees may [ask for] a copy of any draft product generated under gao 's legislative authority ( research and development work ) when it is sent to the agency for comment .

These circumstances involve situations in which the request ( 1 ) addresses an important issue of broad interest to multiple committees or the Congress as a whole , ( 2 ) involves an issue that is a legislative priority or is on a fast legislative track , or ( 3 ) asks for a compilation of information which GAO has developed from a substantial body of prior work and/or work originally requested by others .
these circumstances involve situations in which the [ask for] ( 1 ) addresses an important issue of broad interest to multiple committees or the congress as a whole , ( 2 ) involves an issue that is a legislative priority or is on a fast legislative track , or ( 3 ) asks for a compilation of information which gao has developed from a substantial body of prior work and/or work originally requested by others .

In such cases , GAO will advise the requester that it can not do the work as a request but will instead address the issue as part of GAO 's research and development work .
in such cases , gao will advise the requester that it can not do the work as a [ask for] but will instead address the issue as part of gao 's research and development work .

Notification of Ongoing Work For ongoing work -- except for classified work and investigations -- GAO will disclose , if asked ( e.g. , by Members , congressional staff , agencies , or the press ) , the source of the request and the project 's objectives , scope , and methodology .
notification of ongoing work for ongoing work -- except for classified work and investigations -- gao will disclose , if asked ( e.g. , by members , congressional staff , agencies , or the press ) , the source of the [ask for] and the project 's objectives , scope , and methodology .

Workpaper Access GAO will grant Members , upon their written request , access to its workpapers at the GAO site or will provide copies of selected workpapers only after a product has been made publicly available .
workpaper access gao will grant members , upon their written [ask for] , access to its workpapers at the gao site or will provide copies of selected workpapers only after a product has been made publicly available .

On-camera interviews for television news programs are done only on request and only when GAO deems them appropriate for public understanding of the facts , findings , conclusions , and recommendations of GAO products .
on-camera interviews for television news programs are done only on [ask for] and only when gao deems them appropriate for public understanding of the facts , findings , conclusions , and recommendations of gao products .

We will also make copies available to others upon request .
we will also make copies available to others upon [ask for] .

In response to a request from the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member , Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support , Senate Committee on Armed Services , GAO ( 1 ) assessed the impact of design and manufacturing knowledge on DOD program outcomes , ( 2 ) compared best practices to those used in DOD programs , and ( 3 ) analyzed current weapon system acquisition guidance for applicability of best practices to obtain better program outcomes .
in response to a [ask for] from the chairman and the ranking minority member , subcommittee on readiness and management support , senate committee on armed services , gao ( 1 ) assessed the impact of design and manufacturing knowledge on dod program outcomes , ( 2 ) compared best practices to those used in dod programs , and ( 3 ) analyzed current weapon system acquisition guidance for applicability of best practices to obtain better program outcomes .

Over the next 5 years , starting in fiscal year 2003 , DOD 's request for weapon system development and acquisition funds is estimated to be $ 700 billion ( see fig .
over the next 5 years , starting in fiscal year 2003 , dod 's [ask for] for weapon system development and acquisition funds is estimated to be $ 700 billion ( see fig .

As the Comptroller General of the United States , it is a pleasure to appear before you today to present the General Accounting Office 's ( GAO 's ) budget request for fiscal year 2002 .
as the comptroller general of the united states , it is a pleasure to appear before you today to present the general accounting office 's ( gao 's ) budget [ask for] for fiscal year 2002 .

GAO 's fiscal year 2002 budget request is critical to our continuing efforts to reorganize and reshape the agency , reengineer our business processes , and train and equip our staff with up-to-date technology to help meet Congress ' current and future needs .
gao 's fiscal year 2002 budget [ask for] is critical to our continuing efforts to reorganize and reshape the agency , reengineer our business processes , and train and equip our staff with up-to-date technology to help meet congress ' current and future needs .

Our budget request represents our needs -- not wants -- to sustain this level of effort and support to the Congress .
our budget [ask for] represents our needs -- not wants -- to sustain this level of effort and support to the congress .

Our request includes only those funds we need to stabilize at our approved 3,275 fulltime equivalent staffing level and to incrementally increase investments needed in training , technology , performance recognition , and other key support items to a level consistent with best practices of other comparable government and private sector entities .
our [ask for] includes only those funds we need to stabilize at our approved 3,275 fulltime equivalent staffing level and to incrementally increase investments needed in training , technology , performance recognition , and other key support items to a level consistent with best practices of other comparable government and private sector entities .

Our analysis helped the Congress reduce the final fiscal year 2000 appropriation request for the F-22 by about $ 552 million and to identify conditions that should be met before the Department of Defense could begin full production .
our analysis helped the congress reduce the final fiscal year 2000 appropriation [ask for] for the f-22 by about $ 552 million and to identify conditions that should be met before the department of defense could begin full production .

The Congress rescinded $ 1.65 billion from the Section 8 housing program 's fiscal year 1998 budget authority and rejected $ 1.3 billion of HUD 's fiscal year 1999 request for housing assistance for a total reduction of $ 2.95 billion .
the congress rescinded $ 1.65 billion from the section 8 housing program 's fiscal year 1998 budget authority and rejected $ 1.3 billion of hud 's fiscal year 1999 [ask for] for housing assistance for a total reduction of $ 2.95 billion .

We have a request pending for $ 2.6 million in supplemental funding for fiscal year 2001 and are requesting $ 5.2 million for fiscal year 2002 to meet the requirements created by the Truth in Regulating Act .
we have a [ask for] pending for $ 2.6 million in supplemental funding for fiscal year 2001 and are requesting $ 5.2 million for fiscal year 2002 to meet the requirements created by the truth in regulating act .

FY 2002 BUDGET REQUEST To fully support the Congress as outlined in our strategic plan and the additional congressional mandates received since its issuance , we are requesting a budget for fiscal year 2002 of about $ 430.3 million .
fy 2002 budget [ask for] to fully support the congress as outlined in our strategic plan and the additional congressional mandates received since its issuance , we are requesting a budget for fiscal year 2002 of about $ 430.3 million .

Our request also includes $ 5.2 million to carry out new responsibilities created by the Truth in Regulating Act .
our [ask for] also includes $ 5.2 million to carry out new responsibilities created by the truth in regulating act .

BUDGET REQUEST CRITICAL TO SUSTAINING EXISTING LEVEL OF SERVICE TO THE CONGRESS The resources we are requesting for fiscal year 2002 are critical to addressing our human capital and information technology challenges and ensuring our ability to effectively meet the increasing congressional requests for GAO services .
budget [ask for] critical to sustaining existing level of service to the congress the resources we are requesting for fiscal year 2002 are critical to addressing our human capital and information technology challenges and ensuring our ability to effectively meet the increasing congressional requests for gao services .

For example , as illustrated below , the number of engagements begun as a result of a congressional request has increased during the past 4 years .
for example , as illustrated below , the number of engagements begun as a result of a congressional [ask for] has increased during the past 4 years .

In addition to price , other factors that may be considered in evaluating bid proposals include the responsiveness of the bidder to the request for proposal ; the experience of the bidder ; the availability of the bidder 's staff who have the appropriate professional qualifications and technical abilities ; and the results of the bidder 's peer reviews .
in addition to price , other factors that may be considered in evaluating bid proposals include the responsiveness of the bidder to the [ask for] for proposal ; the experience of the bidder ; the availability of the bidder 's staff who have the appropriate professional qualifications and technical abilities ; and the results of the bidder 's peer reviews .

Auditors should make arrangements to make audit documentation available , upon request , in a timely manner to other auditors or reviewers .
auditors should make arrangements to make audit documentation available , upon [ask for] , in a timely manner to other auditors or reviewers .

Auditors should make arrangements to make audit documentation available , upon request , in a timely manner to other auditors or reviewers .
auditors should make arrangements to make audit documentation available , upon [ask for] , in a timely manner to other auditors or reviewers .

Auditors should make arrangements to make audit documentation available , upon request , in a timely manner to other auditors or reviewers .
auditors should make arrangements to make audit documentation available , upon [ask for] , in a timely manner to other auditors or reviewers .

During the first three months of 1997 , she had met twice with the organization 's chief executive officer , at his request , to discuss the security implications of new applications .
during the first three months of 1997 , she had met twice with the organization 's chief executive officer , at his [ask for] , to discuss the security implications of new applications .

As a result , the Congress also rescinded $ 2.4 billion from HUD 's fiscal year 1998 supplemental request .
as a result , the congress also rescinded $ 2.4 billion from hud 's fiscal year 1998 supplemental [ask for] .

At the same time , GAO 's flexibility has been reduced by extensive changes to the mix of its products-as mentioned , virtually all of its work is done at the request of the Congress , and an increasing amount of that stems from mandates .
at the same time , gao 's flexibility has been reduced by extensive changes to the mix of its products-as mentioned , virtually all of its work is done at the [ask for] of the congress , and an increasing amount of that stems from mandates .

Accordingly , as provided in our statutory access authority , on July 18 , 2001 , we issued a formal request for the records .
accordingly , as provided in our statutory access authority , on july 18 , 2001 , we issued a formal [ask for] for the records .

Furthermore , the President has not claimed executive privilege in connection with our request .
furthermore , the president has not claimed executive privilege in connection with our [ask for] .

As previously noted , all of our attempts to reach a reasoned and reasonable accommodation , including reducing the scope of our request , have been rebuffed , and we have now exhausted the statutory process for resolving our access requests .
as previously noted , all of our attempts to reach a reasoned and reasonable accommodation , including reducing the scope of our [ask for] , have been rebuffed , and we have now exhausted the statutory process for resolving our access requests .

In this regard , we recently received a request for the NEPDG information we are seeking from four Senate committee and subcommittee chairmen with jurisdiction over the matters involved .
in this regard , we recently received a [ask for] for the nepdg information we are seeking from four senate committee and subcommittee chairmen with jurisdiction over the matters involved .

We would have strongly preferred to avoid litigation in connection with this matter , but given the request by the four Senate committee and subcommittee chairmen , our rights to this information and the important principles and precedents involved , GAO will take the steps necessary to file suit in United States District Court in order to obtain , from the Chair of the NEPDG , the information outlined in our August 17 , 2001 , report .
we would have strongly preferred to avoid litigation in connection with this matter , but given the [ask for] by the four senate committee and subcommittee chairmen , our rights to this information and the important principles and precedents involved , gao will take the steps necessary to file suit in united states district court in order to obtain , from the chair of the nepdg , the information outlined in our august 17 , 2001 , report .

A United States General Accounting Office Washington , D.C. 20548 October 15 , 2001 The Honorable Robert F. Bennett Ranking Minority Member Joint Economic Committee Congress of the United States Dear Senator Bennett : This report responds to your May 2001 request that we study the practices of organizations that successfully share sensitive or time-critical information .
a united states general accounting office washington , d.c. 20548 october 15 , 2001 the honorable robert f. bennett ranking minority member joint economic committee congress of the united states dear senator bennett : this report responds to your may 2001 [ask for] that we study the practices of organizations that successfully share sensitive or time-critical information .

In this case , a member would send a query to the organization 's experts , who would review the request , clarify any questions with the member , and then send the request to the rest of the membership .
in this case , a member would send a query to the organization 's experts , who would review the [ask for] , clarify any questions with the member , and then send the [ask for] to the rest of the membership .

We will make copies available to other interested parties upon request .
we will make copies available to other interested parties upon [ask for] .

Epidemic Intelligence Service officers at CDC , state and local laboratory personnel , and other public health officials use the system to securely conduct on-line discussions about posted events , communicate with public health officials , and request both financial and nonfinancial assistance .
epidemic intelligence service officers at cdc , state and local laboratory personnel , and other public health officials use the system to securely conduct on-line discussions about posted events , communicate with public health officials , and [ask for] both financial and nonfinancial assistance .

On the other hand , if the employee chooses to request annual or sick leave rather than to work for the time absent , then a material deviation for recording purposes has occurred .
on the other hand , if the employee chooses to [ask for] annual or sick leave rather than to work for the time absent , then a material deviation for recording purposes has occurred .

We will also make copies available to others on request .
we will also make copies available to others on [ask for] .

The proposed rule 's request for comments resulted in 124 comments being received , which the preamble to the interim rule discusses , along with the actions taken by INS and the EOIR as a result of the comments .
the proposed rule 's [ask for] for comments resulted in 124 comments being received , which the preamble to the interim rule discusses , along with the actions taken by ins and the eoir as a result of the comments .

In addition , the interim rule contains a request for additional comments to be submitted in a 120-day comment period .
in addition , the interim rule contains a [ask for] for additional comments to be submitted in a 120-day comment period .

EPA has submitted an Information Collection Request ( ICR ) document to the Office of Management and Budget for approval .
epa has submitted an information collection [ask for] ( icr ) document to the office of management and budget for approval .

EPA submitted the information collection request to OMB , which has not yet approved it .
epa submitted the information collection [ask for] to omb , which has not yet approved it .

We are sending copies of this letter to Senator George V. Voinovich , Chairman , and Senator Max S. Baucus , Ranking Minority Member , Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure , Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works ; Representative Bob Franks , Chairman , and Representative Robert Wise , Jr. , Ranking Democratic Member , Subcommittee on Economic Development , Public Buildings , Hazardous Materials and Pipeline Transportation , Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure ; and to others upon request .
we are sending copies of this letter to senator george v. voinovich , chairman , and senator max s. baucus , ranking minority member , subcommittee on transportation and infrastructure , senate committee on environment and public works ; representative bob franks , chairman , and representative robert wise , jr. , ranking democratic member , subcommittee on economic development , public buildings , hazardous materials and pipeline transportation , committee on transportation and infrastructure ; and to others upon [ask for] .

Determine if test plans adequately measure systemperformance requirements to be specified in the request for proposals ( RFP ) .
determine if test plans adequately measure systemperformance requirements to be specified in the [ask for] for proposals ( rfp ) .

One part of this assessment should be the review of the Agency Procurement Request ( APR ) to ascertain whether it is complete and accurately reflects the objectives and scope of the project .
one part of this assessment should be the review of the agency procurement [ask for] ( apr ) to ascertain whether it is complete and accurately reflects the objectives and scope of the project .

Documentation appropriate , such as a plan of action and milestones.Required • Agency procurement request and other correspondence with GSA .
documentation appropriate , such as a plan of action and milestones.required • agency procurement [ask for] and other correspondence with gsa .

An RFP may be preceded by a request for information or request for quotation .
an rfp may be preceded by a [ask for] for information or [ask for] for quotation .

A request by a federal agency for GSA to acquireAgency information processing resources or for GSA toProcurement delegate the authority to acquire these resources .
a [ask for] by a federal agency for gsa to acquireagency information processing resources or for gsa toprocurement delegate the authority to acquire these resources .

Authority to acquire information processing resourcesDelegation of up to a specified limit , issued by GSA in response toProcurement an agency procurement request .
authority to acquire information processing resourcesdelegation of up to a specified limit , issued by gsa in response toprocurement an agency procurement [ask for] .

GAO anticipates that an agency will attempt to arrange for its personnel to be available for an entrance conference no later than 14 calendar days after receiving a request for a meeting .
gao anticipates that an agency will attempt to arrange for its personnel to be available for an entrance conference no later than 14 calendar days after receiving a [ask for] for a meeting .

In addition , GAO staff will request that agency officials identify knowledgeable agency personnel and discuss the kinds of information that would be useful to carry out the work 's objectives , such as available studies or electronic files .
in addition , gao staff will [ask for] that agency officials identify knowledgeable agency personnel and discuss the kinds of information that would be useful to carry out the work 's objectives , such as available studies or electronic files .

In addition , for governmentwide work , GAO will generally request that comments be provided by the agency ( ies ) with whom the entrance conference was held .
in addition , for governmentwide work , gao will generally [ask for] that comments be provided by the agency ( ies ) with whom the entrance conference was held .

Therefore , for those products that contain national security or sensitive information , GAO will request that the agency perform a review for this type of information and that the review 's results be communicated in writing to GAO .
therefore , for those products that contain national security or sensitive information , gao will [ask for] that the agency perform a review for this type of information and that the review 's results be communicated in writing to gao .

A transmittal letter accompanies each draft report to inform recipients of GAO 's request for written or oral comments and the time frame within which the comments are due .
a transmittal letter accompanies each draft report to inform recipients of gao 's [ask for] for written or oral comments and the time frame within which the comments are due .

In these instances , GAO may request that agency officials review the draft report in the presence of GAO staff and that these officials provide the agency 's consolidated comments at that time .
in these instances , gao may [ask for] that agency officials review the draft report in the presence of gao staff and that these officials provide the agency 's consolidated comments at that time .

Comments will not be shared with anyone else , including congressional staff not associated with the request , the media , or other external parties , until the report is released and posted on GAO 's Web site www.gao.gov .
comments will not be shared with anyone else , including congressional staff not associated with the [ask for] , the media , or other external parties , until the report is released and posted on gao 's web site www.gao.gov .

Testimony Congressional committee or subcommittee Chairs frequently request that GAO prepare testimony statements and that GAO witnesses appear at hearings .
testimony congressional committee or subcommittee chairs frequently [ask for] that gao prepare testimony statements and that gao witnesses appear at hearings .

The agency 's statement of action shall also be submitted to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations with the first request for appropriations that is submitted more than 60 days after the date of the report .
the agency 's statement of action shall also be submitted to the house and senate committees on appropriations with the first [ask for] for appropriations that is submitted more than 60 days after the date of the report .

Instead , GAO refers those who request such records to the originating organization .
instead , gao refers those who [ask for] such records to the originating organization .

GAO will grant congressional Members , upon their written request , access to its workpapers at the GAO site or will provide copies of selected workpapers only after a product that results from the workpapers in question has been made publicly available .
gao will grant congressional members , upon their written [ask for] , access to its workpapers at the gao site or will provide copies of selected workpapers only after a product that results from the workpapers in question has been made publicly available .

The Comptroller General sends a written request to the agency head for the record that has not been made available to GAO within a reasonable time after an initial request .
the comptroller general sends a written [ask for] to the agency head for the record that has not been made available to gao within a reasonable time after an initial [ask for] .

Broadcast interviews-radio , television , and Internet-are done only on request and only when GAO deems them appropriate for public understanding of the facts , findings , conclusions , and recommendations of GAO 's products .
broadcast interviews-radio , television , and internet-are done only on [ask for] and only when gao deems them appropriate for public understanding of the facts , findings , conclusions , and recommendations of gao 's products .

IRS established a program similar to GSA 's in 2000 at the request of the National Treasury Employees Union .
irs established a program similar to gsa 's in 2000 at the [ask for] of the national treasury employees union .

Another example would be a request to examine in detail ex-President Marcos ' use of funds intended by the United States for military or civilian purposes for his personal benefit .
another example would be a [ask for] to examine in detail ex-president marcos ' use of funds intended by the united states for military or civilian purposes for his personal benefit .

A request to investigate the reasons for the bank failures in Ohio , for example , may reflect an interest only in Ohio , but it could be a `` tip of the iceberg '' question .
a [ask for] to investigate the reasons for the bank failures in ohio , for example , may reflect an interest only in ohio , but it could be a `` tip of the iceberg '' question .

The importance of probing the underlying questions in a request to achieve good specification of the evaluation question is not unique , of course , to the critical instance case study but it is crucial in its appropriate application .
the importance of probing the underlying questions in a [ask for] to achieve good specification of the evaluation question is not unique , of course , to the critical instance case study but it is crucial in its appropriate application .

The request overlapped with another similar request .
the [ask for] overlapped with another similar [ask for] .

This request reflected a senator 's special interest in the Glacier National Park in Montana .
this [ask for] reflected a senator 's special interest in the glacier national park in montana .

If you wish to access the encrypted guide on GAO 's Web site , please send your request via e-mail to digitalguide @ gao.gov .
if you wish to access the encrypted guide on gao 's web site , please send your [ask for] via e-mail to digitalguide @ gao.gov .

We will assess your request and inform you of how access will be provided .
we will assess your [ask for] and inform you of how access will be provided .

We request your assistance in periodically updating and improving the guide .
we [ask for] your assistance in periodically updating and improving the guide .

To Gain Access to the Guide If you wish to access the encrypted guide , as stated in the preceding letter , send your e-mail request to digitalguide @ gao.gov .
to gain access to the guide if you wish to access the encrypted guide , as stated in the preceding letter , send your e-mail [ask for] to digitalguide @ gao.gov .

Include your name , law enforcement affiliation , and office telephone number in the request .
include your name , law enforcement affiliation , and office telephone number in the [ask for] .

We will assess your request and inform you of how access will be provided .
we will assess your [ask for] and inform you of how access will be provided .

At the request of this Subcommittee , we are surveying federal managers again to follow up on whether there have been improvements in these critical areas .
at the [ask for] of this subcommittee , we are surveying federal managers again to follow up on whether there have been improvements in these critical areas .

Office of the General Counsel B-276222 February 26 , 1997 The Honorable William V. Roth , Jr. Chairman The Honorable Daniel Patrick Moynihan Ranking Minority Member Committee on Finance United States Senate The Honorable Bill Archer Chairman The Honorable Charles B. Rangel Ranking Minority Member Committee on Ways and Means House of Representatives Subject : Social Security Administration : Supplemental Security Income ; Determining Disability for a Child Under Age 18 ; Interim Final Rules with Request for Comments Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Social Security Administration ( SSA ) , entitled `` Supplemental Security Income ; Determining Disability for a Child Under Age 18 ; Interim Final Rules with Request for Comments '' ( RIN : 0960-AE57 ) .
office of the general counsel b-276222 february 26 , 1997 the honorable william v. roth , jr. chairman the honorable daniel patrick moynihan ranking minority member committee on finance united states senate the honorable bill archer chairman the honorable charles b. rangel ranking minority member committee on ways and means house of representatives subject : social security administration : supplemental security income ; determining disability for a child under age 18 ; interim final rules with [ask for] for comments pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the social security administration ( ssa ) , entitled `` supplemental security income ; determining disability for a child under age 18 ; interim final rules with [ask for] for comments '' ( rin : 0960-ae57 ) .

FDA submitted the information collection request to OMB for approval at the time the proposed rule was published ( January 3 , 1997 ) .
fda submitted the information collection [ask for] to omb for approval at the time the proposed rule was published ( january 3 , 1997 ) .

Freedom of Information Act of 1966 ( Public Law 89-554 ) ¬ This law established the right of public access to government information by requiring agencies to make information accessible to the public , either through automatic disclosure or upon specific request , subject to specified exemptions .
freedom of information act of 1966 ( public law 89-554 ) ¬ this law established the right of public access to government information by requiring agencies to make information accessible to the public , either through automatic disclosure or upon specific [ask for] , subject to specified exemptions .

LSC CONVENES RECONFIGURATION TASK FORCE This document , the LSC Special Report to Congress - State Planning and Reconfiguration , was prepared in response to a request made by the U.S. House of Representatives during the FY2002 Appropriations process , in which the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce , Justice , State , and the Judiciary stated : The Committee supports LSC 's efforts to streamline its service area configurations through the State planning process .
lsc convenes reconfiguration task force this document , the lsc special report to congress - state planning and reconfiguration , was prepared in response to a [ask for] made by the u.s. house of representatives during the fy2002 appropriations process , in which the house appropriations subcommittee on commerce , justice , state , and the judiciary stated : the committee supports lsc 's efforts to streamline its service area configurations through the state planning process .

If the state planning body disagrees with the Vice President 's decision , they may then request a face-to-face meeting with the LSC President to seek reconsideration of the Vice President 's recommendation .
if the state planning body disagrees with the vice president 's decision , they may then [ask for] a face-to-face meeting with the lsc president to seek reconsideration of the vice president 's recommendation .

LSC asked for funding to conduct a new national legal needs study in its FY2001 budget request to Congress ; however , no funds were allocated for that purpose .
lsc asked for funding to conduct a new national legal needs study in its fy2001 budget [ask for] to congress ; however , no funds were allocated for that purpose .

On July 19 , 2001 , prior to Congress ' request for this Report , LSC issued Program Letter 01-4 ( LSC 's Reconfiguration Review Process ) , which implemented a review mechanism by which designated state planning bodies may appeal LSC reconfiguration decisions .
on july 19 , 2001 , prior to congress ' [ask for] for this report , lsc issued program letter 01-4 ( lsc 's reconfiguration review process ) , which implemented a review mechanism by which designated state planning bodies may appeal lsc reconfiguration decisions .

Competition and State Planning LSC 's primary goals for the calendar year 2002 grants competition are to refine the Request for Proposal ( `` RFP '' ) , simplify the applicant process for competing for LSC grants , and obtain applicant information essential to maintaining a quality legal services delivery system .
competition and state planning lsc 's primary goals for the calendar year 2002 grants competition are to refine the [ask for] for proposal ( `` rfp '' ) , simplify the applicant process for competing for lsc grants , and obtain applicant information essential to maintaining a quality legal services delivery system .

For example , upon request , recipients must provide LSC access to all records specified in section 509 ( h ) unless , as provided in section 509 ( h ) , the information sought is protected by the attorney-client privilege .
for example , upon [ask for] , recipients must provide lsc access to all records specified in section 509 ( h ) unless , as provided in section 509 ( h ) , the information sought is protected by the attorney-client privilege .

In addition , upon request , recipients must also provide LSC access to original unredacted client `` statement of facts , '' as required by 45 CFR §1636 .
in addition , upon [ask for] , recipients must also provide lsc access to original unredacted client `` statement of facts , '' as required by 45 cfr §1636 .

During on-site visits , OCE will affirmatively encourage recipients to use such intermediaries and will not request direct access to or control over client case files or any other records containing privileged or confidential information .
during on-site visits , oce will affirmatively encourage recipients to use such intermediaries and will not [ask for] direct access to or control over client case files or any other records containing privileged or confidential information .

The Vice President for Programs may request that and the President may direct OCE to further work with the recipient on an acceptable resolution or appropriately modify the request .
the vice president for programs may [ask for] that and the president may direct oce to further work with the recipient on an acceptable resolution or appropriately modify the [ask for] .

The recipient would be given an opportunity to request a meeting with the Vice President for Programs to ask for reconsideration of the proposed action .
the recipient would be given an opportunity to [ask for] a meeting with the vice president for programs to ask for reconsideration of the proposed action .

The recipient may then request a meeting with the LSC President to ask for reconsideration of the Vice President 's recommendation .
the recipient may then [ask for] a meeting with the lsc president to ask for reconsideration of the vice president 's recommendation .

Upon such request , the President could also convene a face-to-face meeting with the authorized representatives of the recipient .
upon such [ask for] , the president could also convene a face-to-face meeting with the authorized representatives of the recipient .

Technical assistance visits are conducted after LSC receives a request from a program for assistance in a particular area such as intake systems , legal work management and supervision , or technology .
technical assistance visits are conducted after lsc receives a [ask for] from a program for assistance in a particular area such as intake systems , legal work management and supervision , or technology .

In 2002 , LSC posted a Request for Information in the Federal Register , as the first step to issuing a Request for Proposals to develop an outcome measurement system .
in 2002 , lsc posted a [ask for] for information in the federal register , as the first step to issuing a [ask for] for proposals to develop an outcome measurement system .

Additionally , our Request for Proposals now encourages applicants to describe the quality of their delivery approach , the unique features of their service area and any model projects .
additionally , our [ask for] for proposals now encourages applicants to describe the quality of their delivery approach , the unique features of their service area and any model projects .

In addition , TIG staff assist our grantees ' staff , when asked ; one common request is to review resumes of applicants for technology positions to be sure they have the requisite credentials .
in addition , tig staff assist our grantees ' staff , when asked ; one common [ask for] is to review resumes of applicants for technology positions to be sure they have the requisite credentials .

LSC 's Budget Request for FY01 includes a modest increase of $ 24 million for grants to local programs .
lsc 's budget [ask for] for fy01 includes a modest increase of $ 24 million for grants to local programs .

Formed in 1997 , at the request of the Bar 's Structure Task Force , the Council consists of two persons from each legal services program , two persons from the South Carolina Bar , two persons from the Appleseed Justice Center , and an advisory representative from the South Carolina Bar Foundation .
formed in 1997 , at the [ask for] of the bar 's structure task force , the council consists of two persons from each legal services program , two persons from the south carolina bar , two persons from the appleseed justice center , and an advisory representative from the south carolina bar foundation .

In 1996 , the Utah Supreme Court , at the request of the Utah State Bar , ordered the State Bar to form the Access to Justice Task Force , charged with reviewing the state of legal services for the poor in Utah , exploring new ideas for improving and expanding those services , and making recommendations to the Bar and the Supreme Court to implement improved services .
in 1996 , the utah supreme court , at the [ask for] of the utah state bar , ordered the state bar to form the access to justice task force , charged with reviewing the state of legal services for the poor in utah , exploring new ideas for improving and expanding those services , and making recommendations to the bar and the supreme court to implement improved services .

They will be working closely with NTAP so that grantees with questions can log onto the web site and request assistance from NTAP .
they will be working closely with ntap so that grantees with questions can log onto the web site and [ask for] assistance from ntap .

Among other resources , the Guide contains a sample letter introducing the program to the review process , a comprehensive list of items to request prior to a visit ; a simplified work form to capture information while on site ; a model work plan , a form to help determine the quality of the legal work and suggestions for conducting personal interviews .
among other resources , the guide contains a sample letter introducing the program to the review process , a comprehensive list of items to [ask for] prior to a visit ; a simplified work form to capture information while on site ; a model work plan , a form to help determine the quality of the legal work and suggestions for conducting personal interviews .

Additions to the 2002 Request for Proposal ( RFP ) include questions for applicants on staff diversity , recruitment and retention strategies and training , and the organization 's strategic planning .
additions to the 2002 [ask for] for proposal ( rfp ) include questions for applicants on staff diversity , recruitment and retention strategies and training , and the organization 's strategic planning .

The request for a variance in sample holding time , directed to the USEPA Regional Administrator under 40 CFR 136.3 ( e ) , should include supportive data which show that the toxicity of the effluent sample is not reduced ( e.g. , because of volatilization and/or sorption of toxics on the sample container surfaces ) by extending the holding time beyond more than 36 h. However , in no case should more than 72 h elapse between collection and first use of the sample .
the [ask for] for a variance in sample holding time , directed to the usepa regional administrator under 40 cfr 136.3 ( e ) , should include supportive data which show that the toxicity of the effluent sample is not reduced ( e.g. , because of volatilization and/or sorption of toxics on the sample container surfaces ) by extending the holding time beyond more than 36 h. however , in no case should more than 72 h elapse between collection and first use of the sample .

The request for a variance in sample holding time , directed to the USEPA Regional Administrator under 40 CFR 136.3 ( e ) should include supportive data which show that the toxicity of the effluent sample is not reduced ( e.g. , because of volatilization and/or sorption of toxics on the sample container surfaces ) by extending the holding time beyond more than 36 h. However , in no case should more than 72 h elapse between collection and first use of the sample .
the [ask for] for a variance in sample holding time , directed to the usepa regional administrator under 40 cfr 136.3 ( e ) should include supportive data which show that the toxicity of the effluent sample is not reduced ( e.g. , because of volatilization and/or sorption of toxics on the sample container surfaces ) by extending the holding time beyond more than 36 h. however , in no case should more than 72 h elapse between collection and first use of the sample .

Executive Summary In response to a May 17 , 2001 request from Senators James M. Jeffords ( VT ) and Joseph I. Lieberman ( CT ) , this report describes the results of a modeling study done to evaluate the potential impacts of reducing nitrogen oxides ( NOx ) , sulfur dioxide ( SO2 ) , mercury ( Hg ) , and carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) emissions from the US electric power sector .
executive summary in response to a may 17 , 2001 [ask for] from senators james m. jeffords ( vt ) and joseph i. lieberman ( ct ) , this report describes the results of a modeling study done to evaluate the potential impacts of reducing nitrogen oxides ( nox ) , sulfur dioxide ( so2 ) , mercury ( hg ) , and carbon dioxide ( co2 ) emissions from the us electric power sector .

In their request , Senators Jeffords and Lieberman asked the Environmental Protection Agency to undertake an economic assessment of four technology-based scenarios designed to achieve the following emissions caps in the US electric power sector by the year 2007 :
in their [ask for] , senators jeffords and lieberman asked the environmental protection agency to undertake an economic assessment of four technology-based scenarios designed to achieve the following emissions caps in the us electric power sector by the year 2007 :

The request also specified that EPA should evaluate the cost of achieving these reductions using four alternative technology scenarios :
the [ask for] also specified that epa should evaluate the cost of achieving these reductions using four alternative technology scenarios :

In accordance with the Senators ' request , the analysis also assumes the use of banked allowances made possible by early emissions reductions achieved in the years 2002 through 2006 .
in accordance with the senators ' [ask for] , the analysis also assumes the use of banked allowances made possible by early emissions reductions achieved in the years 2002 through 2006 .

Background Responding to an earlier Congressional request , the Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) released a detailed study reviewing the effects of a so-called `` three pollutant '' strategy in December 2000 ( Energy Information Administration , 2000 ) .
background responding to an earlier congressional [ask for] , the energy information administration ( eia ) released a detailed study reviewing the effects of a so-called `` three pollutant '' strategy in december 2000 ( energy information administration , 2000 ) .

In responding to this request , EPA modeled the combined impacts of both the emissions caps and the advanced technology scenarios specified by the Senators .
in responding to this [ask for] , epa modeled the combined impacts of both the emissions caps and the advanced technology scenarios specified by the senators .

This report responds to the Senators ' request .
this report responds to the senators ' [ask for] .

In requesting an analysis of these four scenarios , the Senate request asked for `` …results through 2020 , in periods of five years or less , using the Annual Energy Outlook 2001 ( AEO2001 ) as the baseline . ''
in requesting an analysis of these four scenarios , the senate [ask for] asked for `` …results through 2020 , in periods of five years or less , using the annual energy outlook 2001 ( aeo2001 ) as the baseline . ''

Second , the Senate request asked EPA to assume a 2002 start date in running the technology and policy scenarios .
second , the senate [ask for] asked epa to assume a 2002 start date in running the technology and policy scenarios .

Notwithstanding these concerns , EPA attempted to respond to the Senators ' request by mapping in the critical assumptions of the CEF as a range of policies that provide a set of alternative assumptions about the future .
notwithstanding these concerns , epa attempted to respond to the senators ' [ask for] by mapping in the critical assumptions of the cef as a range of policies that provide a set of alternative assumptions about the future .

Under section 126 of the Clean Air Act , a state can petition EPA and request that EPA require reductions from sources outside the petitioning state 's borders .
under section 126 of the clean air act , a state can petition epa and [ask for] that epa require reductions from sources outside the petitioning state 's borders .

We have not modeled the specific provisions in S. 556 , but useful information is provided by comparing the analyses EPA and EIA conducted to respond to a request from Senators Smith , Voinovich and Brownback with the analyses responding to a request from Senators Jeffords and Lieberman .
we have not modeled the specific provisions in s. 556 , but useful information is provided by comparing the analyses epa and eia conducted to respond to a [ask for] from senators smith , voinovich and brownback with the analyses responding to a [ask for] from senators jeffords and lieberman .

However , in the analysis responding to the Jeffords/Lieberman request that had NOx , SO2 , mercury and CO2 reduction levels similar to S. 556 , we found significant ramifications : approximately a 20-30 % decline of coal generation and a 30-50 % increase in electricity prices compared to the reference case ( depending on assumptions of energy technology penetration ) .
however , in the analysis responding to the jeffords/lieberman [ask for] that had nox , so2 , mercury and co2 reduction levels similar to s. 556 , we found significant ramifications : approximately a 20-30 % decline of coal generation and a 30-50 % increase in electricity prices compared to the reference case ( depending on assumptions of energy technology penetration ) .

In addition , owners of new , or `` greenfield , '' power generation facilities often request 24 months for completion of these projects , including installation of the boiler , FGD system , and SCR .
in addition , owners of new , or `` greenfield , '' power generation facilities often [ask for] 24 months for completion of these projects , including installation of the boiler , fgd system , and scr .

The law provides that the Postal Service may , from time to time , request that the Postal Rate Commission recommend `` rates and fees [ that ] shall provide sufficient revenues so that total estimated income …to the Postal Service will equal as nearly as practicable total estimated costs of [ operating ] the Postal Service . ''
the law provides that the postal service may , from time to time , [ask for] that the postal rate commission recommend `` rates and fees [ that ] shall provide sufficient revenues so that total estimated income …to the postal service will equal as nearly as practicable total estimated costs of [ operating ] the postal service . ''

On January 12th the Postal Service submitted such a request seeking an additional $ 3.7 million dollars in revenue to be generated by an overall average rate increase of approximately 6.4 percent .
on january 12th the postal service submitted such a [ask for] seeking an additional $ 3.7 million dollars in revenue to be generated by an overall average rate increase of approximately 6.4 percent .

The law that established the US Postal Service in 1970 provides that the Postal Service may , from time to time , request that the Postal Rate Commission recommend `` rates and fees [ that ] shall provide sufficient revenue so that the total estimated income…to the Postal Service will equal as nearly as practicable the total estimated costs of the Postal Service . ''
the law that established the us postal service in 1970 provides that the postal service may , from time to time , [ask for] that the postal rate commission recommend `` rates and fees [ that ] shall provide sufficient revenue so that the total estimated income…to the postal service will equal as nearly as practicable the total estimated costs of the postal service . ''

In this case the challenge lay in evaluating the Service 's request for additional funds over and above its expected operating expenses .
in this case the challenge lay in evaluating the service 's [ask for] for additional funds over and above its expected operating expenses .

What was unusual about this request was that roughly $ 1.7 billion of these dollars was for a contingency , a hedge against the unknown -- -to cover unforeseen events .
what was unusual about this [ask for] was that roughly $ 1.7 billion of these dollars was for a contingency , a hedge against the unknown -- -to cover unforeseen events .

Unfortunately , by the time the Service filed its request , fiscal year 1999 had already come and gone .
unfortunately , by the time the service filed its [ask for] , fiscal year 1999 had already come and gone .

Section 3623 ( a ) directs the Postal Service to file a request with the Postal Rate Commission for a recommended decision on establishing a mail classification schedule within two years of the Reorganization Act 's effective date .
section 3623 ( a ) directs the postal service to file a [ask for] with the postal rate commission for a recommended decision on establishing a mail classification schedule within two years of the reorganization act 's effective date .

The Postal Service complied with this requirement early in 1973 , and a Domestic Mail Classification Schedule recommended by the Commission became effective on July 6 , 1976.5 Following establishment of this initial mail classification schedule , § 3623 ( b ) provides that the Postal Service `` may from time to time request that the Commission submit , or the Commission may submit to the Governors on its own initiative , a recommended decision on changes in the mail classification schedule . ''
the postal service complied with this requirement early in 1973 , and a domestic mail classification schedule recommended by the commission became effective on july 6 , 1976.5 following establishment of this initial mail classification schedule , § 3623 ( b ) provides that the postal service `` may from time to time [ask for] that the commission submit , or the commission may submit to the governors on its own initiative , a recommended decision on changes in the mail classification schedule . ''

Less frequently , the Commission has begun proceedings on its own initiative , most commonly in response to a mail user 's request to do so .
less frequently , the commission has begun proceedings on its own initiative , most commonly in response to a mail user 's [ask for] to do so .

Under these rules for minor classification proposals , the procedural deadline for rendering a Commission decision is 90 days from the filing of the Postal Service request if no hearings are held , and 120 days if hearings are scheduled in the case .
under these rules for minor classification proposals , the procedural deadline for rendering a commission decision is 90 days from the filing of the postal service [ask for] if no hearings are held , and 120 days if hearings are scheduled in the case .

In such instances , the Service 's request must be supported by testimony of a Postal Service witness that explains the rationale for the proposed multi-year test period .
in such instances , the service 's [ask for] must be supported by testimony of a postal service witness that explains the rationale for the proposed multi-year test period .

The request should also provide Return on Investment projections , other available financial analyses , and cost , revenue , and volume estimates for the new service for the entire proposed test period .
the [ask for] should also provide return on investment projections , other available financial analyses , and cost , revenue , and volume estimates for the new service for the entire proposed test period .

These provisions require that rate or mail classification changes desired by the Postal Service must be filed as a request with the Postal Rate Commission , allowing for public scrutiny and deliberations by the Commission and the Governors of the Postal Service .
these provisions require that rate or mail classification changes desired by the postal service must be filed as a [ask for] with the postal rate commission , allowing for public scrutiny and deliberations by the commission and the governors of the postal service .

B. Problematical `` Contract Rates '' In a rulemaking proceeding conducted in the late 1980s at the request of a mailer , the Commission addressed the question of the Postal Service 's authority to negotiate rate changes in the form of a proposal to recognize `` contract rates . ''
b. problematical `` contract rates '' in a rulemaking proceeding conducted in the late 1980s at the [ask for] of a mailer , the commission addressed the question of the postal service 's authority to negotiate rate changes in the form of a proposal to recognize `` contract rates . ''

For example , the Commission approved a two-year experiment of a program that enabled users of bulk , nonletter-size Business Reply Mail such as photofinishers that could reliably determine postage and fees due , to obtain earlier access to their mail at revised fees.15 The Commission subsequently granted a requested extension of the experiment,16 and ultimately approved a request to make the experimental program a permanent mail classification.17 More recently , in Docket No .
for example , the commission approved a two-year experiment of a program that enabled users of bulk , nonletter-size business reply mail such as photofinishers that could reliably determine postage and fees due , to obtain earlier access to their mail at revised fees.15 the commission subsequently granted a requested extension of the experiment,16 and ultimately approved a [ask for] to make the experimental program a permanent mail classification.17 more recently , in docket no .

Postal Service Request for extension of experiment filed in Docket No .
postal service [ask for] for extension of experiment filed in docket no .

PRC decision approving request transmitted to Postal Service Governors on January 11 , 2002 .
prc decision approving [ask for] transmitted to postal service governors on january 11 , 2002 .

Request for three-year experiment filed by Postal Service on November 16 , 1999 .
[ask for] for three-year experiment filed by postal service on november 16 , 1999 .

Postal Service withdrew request on November 5 , 2001 because the disruption of other events made conducting the experiment inadvisable .
postal service withdrew [ask for] on november 5 , 2001 because the disruption of other events made conducting the experiment inadvisable .

At Bayoumi 's request , Bin Don videotaped the gathering with Bayoumi 's video camera .
at bayoumi 's [ask for] , bin don videotaped the gathering with bayoumi 's video camera .

Hanjour flew the Hudson Corridor , but his instructor declined a second request because of what he considered Hanjour 's poor piloting skills .
hanjour flew the hudson corridor , but his instructor declined a second [ask for] because of what he considered hanjour 's poor piloting skills .

At the same time , the Arlington County Emergency Communications Center contacted the fire departments of Fairfax County , Alexandria , and the District of Columbia to request mutual aid .
at the same time , the arlington county emergency communications center contacted the fire departments of fairfax county , alexandria , and the district of columbia to [ask for] mutual aid .

See CIA cable , request additional information on KSM , June 26 , 2001 .
see cia cable , [ask for] additional information on ksm , june 26 , 2001 .

CIA cable , `` Request for January 2000 Malaysian Surveillance Photos , '' Dec. 12 , 2000 ; CIA cable , '' Photo of UBL Associate , '' Dec. 27 , 2000 ; CIA cable , '' Review of Malaysia 'Khaled ' Photos , '' Jan. 5 , 2001 .
cia cable , `` [ask for] for january 2000 malaysian surveillance photos , '' dec. 12 , 2000 ; cia cable , '' photo of ubl associate , '' dec. 27 , 2000 ; cia cable , '' review of malaysia 'khaled ' photos , '' jan. 5 , 2001 .

The watchlist request included Mihdhar , Nawaf al Hazmi , Salah Saeed Mohammed Bin Yousaf ( they did not yet realize this was an alias for Tawfiq bin Attash , a.k.a .
the watchlist [ask for] included mihdhar , nawaf al hazmi , salah saeed mohammed bin yousaf ( they did not yet realize this was an alias for tawfiq bin attash , a.k.a .

For the draft lead , see attachment to FBI email , Jane to Craig D. , `` Re : FFI Request , '' Aug. 28 , 2001 .
for the draft lead , see attachment to fbi email , jane to craig d. , `` re : ffi [ask for] , '' aug. 28 , 2001 .

For the final version , see FBI electronic communication , '' Request to Open a Full Field Investigation , '' Aug. 28 , 2001 .
for the final version , see fbi electronic communication , '' [ask for] to open a full field investigation , '' aug. 28 , 2001 .

FBI email , Craig D. to John L. , `` Fwd : Re : FFI Request , '' Aug. 28 , 2001 ; FBI email , John L. to Steve and others , '' Fwd : Re : FFI Request , '' Aug. 28 , 2001 .
fbi email , craig d. to john l. , `` fwd : re : ffi [ask for] , '' aug. 28 , 2001 ; fbi email , john l. to steve and others , '' fwd : re : ffi [ask for] , '' aug. 28 , 2001 .

For investigation 's goal , see FBI electronic communication , `` Request to Open a Full Field Investigation , '' Aug. 28 , 2001 .
for investigation 's goal , see fbi electronic communication , `` [ask for] to open a full field investigation , '' aug. 28 , 2001 .

FBI email , Jane to John L. , `` Fwd : Re : FFI Request , '' Aug. 29 , 2001 .
fbi email , jane to john l. , `` fwd : re : ffi [ask for] , '' aug. 29 , 2001 .

NSC email , Carlene C. to Richard K. , '' Response to FBI Sanitization Request , '' Aug. 28 , 2001 .
nsc email , carlene c. to richard k. , '' response to fbi sanitization [ask for] , '' aug. 28 , 2001 .

FBI electronic communication , Request OIPR permission to contact U.S. Attorney 's Office regarding Zacarias Moussaoui , Aug. 18 , 2001 .
fbi electronic communication , [ask for] oipr permission to contact u.s. attorney 's office regarding zacarias moussaoui , aug. 18 , 2001 .

FBI electronic communication , Request OIPR permission to contact U.S. Attorney 's Office regarding Zacarias Moussaoui , Aug. 18 , 2001 .
fbi electronic communication , [ask for] oipr permission to contact u.s. attorney 's office regarding zacarias moussaoui , aug. 18 , 2001 .

FBI electronic communication , Request to contact U.S. Attorney 's Office regarding Zacarias Moussaoui , Aug. 18 , 2001 .
fbi electronic communication , [ask for] to contact u.s. attorney 's office regarding zacarias moussaoui , aug. 18 , 2001 .

For the renewed request , see FBI letterhead memorandum , Zacarias Moussaoui , Sept. 11 , 2001 .
for the renewed [ask for] , see fbi letterhead memorandum , zacarias moussaoui , sept. 11 , 2001 .

For officers assisting in the North Tower evacuation , see NYPD memo , request for departmental recognition 1 and 2 , June 26 , 2002 .
for officers assisting in the north tower evacuation , see nypd memo , [ask for] for departmental recognition 1 and 2 , june 26 , 2002 .

For the request for search teams , see OEM interview 5 ( Mar .
for the [ask for] for search teams , see oem interview 5 ( mar .

For the officers at 5 WTC and the concourse , see NYPD memo , requests for departmental recognition 3 and 5 , June 26 , 2002 ; NYPD memo , request for departmental recognition 3 , June 26 , 2002 .
for the officers at 5 wtc and the concourse , see nypd memo , requests for departmental recognition 3 and 5 , june 26 , 2002 ; nypd memo , [ask for] for departmental recognition 3 , june 26 , 2002 .

For officers in the South Tower , see NYPD memo , request for departmental recognition 6 , June 26,2002 ; NYPD memo , request for departmental recognition 4 , June 26 , 2002 .
for officers in the south tower , see nypd memo , [ask for] for departmental recognition 6 , june 26,2002 ; nypd memo , [ask for] for departmental recognition 4 , june 26 , 2002 .

Because it was not clear to us whether the TIPOFF terrorist watchlist was checked by the FBI , the Terrorist Screening Center checked the names of individuals on the flight manifests of six Saudi flights against the current TIPOFF watchlist at our request prior to our hearing in April 2004 .
because it was not clear to us whether the tipoff terrorist watchlist was checked by the fbi , the terrorist screening center checked the names of individuals on the flight manifests of six saudi flights against the current tipoff watchlist at our [ask for] prior to our hearing in april 2004 .

At our request , based on additional information , theTerrorist Screening Center in June and July 2004 rechecked the names of individuals believed to be on these six flights , the names of individuals on three more charter flights , the names of individuals on the flight containing the Saudi Deputy Defense Minister , and the names of Saudi nationals on commercial flights that journalists have alleged are suspect .
at our [ask for] , based on additional information , theterrorist screening center in june and july 2004 rechecked the names of individuals believed to be on these six flights , the names of individuals on three more charter flights , the names of individuals on the flight containing the saudi deputy defense minister , and the names of saudi nationals on commercial flights that journalists have alleged are suspect .

For the request that the United States remain , see Kandahar province local leaders interview ( Oct. 21 , 2003 ) .
for the [ask for] that the united states remain , see kandahar province local leaders interview ( oct. 21 , 2003 ) .

On Freeh 's budget request , see FBI report , '' Congressional Budget Justification Book Fiscal Year 1995 , '' undated .
on freeh 's budget [ask for] , see fbi report , '' congressional budget justification book fiscal year 1995 , '' undated .

For Clarke 's request to Berger to convene the Small Group , see NSC memo , Clarke to Berger , Analysis/Options re UBL , Jun .
for clarke 's [ask for] to berger to convene the small group , see nsc memo , clarke to berger , analysis/options re ubl , jun .

In his first budget request to Congress after the 1993 World Trade Center bombing , he stated that `` merely solving this type of crime is not enough ; it is equally important that the FBI thwart terrorism before such acts can be perpetrated . ''
in his first budget [ask for] to congress after the 1993 world trade center bombing , he stated that `` merely solving this type of crime is not enough ; it is equally important that the fbi thwart terrorism before such acts can be perpetrated . ''

There are often sharp arguments about individual programs and internal priorities , but by and large the overall funding authorized and appropriated by the Congress comes out close to the president 's request .
there are often sharp arguments about individual programs and internal priorities , but by and large the overall funding authorized and appropriated by the congress comes out close to the president 's [ask for] .

In his September 1998 meeting with Crown Prince Abdullah , Vice President Gore , while thanking the Saudi government for their responsiveness , renewed the request for direct U.S. access to Tayyib .
in his september 1998 meeting with crown prince abdullah , vice president gore , while thanking the saudi government for their responsiveness , renewed the [ask for] for direct u.s. access to tayyib .

This article was declassified at our request .
this article was declassified at our [ask for] .

In response to this request , the President signed the Memorandum of Notification whose language he personally altered .
in response to this [ask for] , the president signed the memorandum of notification whose language he personally altered .

On June 25 , at Clarke 's request , Berger convened the Small Group in his office to discuss the alert , Bin Ladin 's WMD programs , and his location .
on june 25 , at clarke 's [ask for] , berger convened the small group in his office to discuss the alert , bin ladin 's wmd programs , and his location .

After receiving the written request for assistance , the legal attach� in London had promptly forwarded it to his counterparts in the British government , hand-delivering the request on August 21 .
after receiving the written [ask for] for assistance , the legal attach� in london had promptly forwarded it to his counterparts in the british government , hand-delivering the [ask for] on august 21 .

On August 28 , the CIA sent a request for information to a different service of the British government ; this communication warned that Moussaoui might be expelled to Britain by the end of August .
on august 28 , the cia sent a [ask for] for information to a different service of the british government ; this communication warned that moussaoui might be expelled to britain by the end of august .

In one conversation between a Minneapolis supervisor and a headquarters agent , the latter complained that Minneapolis 's FISA request was couched in a manner intended to get people `` spun up . ''
in one conversation between a minneapolis supervisor and a headquarters agent , the latter complained that minneapolis 's fisa [ask for] was couched in a manner intended to get people `` spun up . ''

In response to a request about the counterterrorism benefits of the 9/11 detainee program , the Justice Department cited six individuals on the special interest detainee list , noting that two ( including Moussaoui ) were linked directly to a terrorist organization and that it had obtained new leads helpful to the investigation of the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
in response to a [ask for] about the counterterrorism benefits of the 9/11 detainee program , the justice department cited six individuals on the special interest detainee list , noting that two ( including moussaoui ) were linked directly to a terrorist organization and that it had obtained new leads helpful to the investigation of the 9/11 terrorist attacks .

Although White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card remembered someone telling him about the Saudi request shortly after 9/11 , he said he had not talked to the Saudis and did not ask anyone to do anything about it .
although white house chief of staff andrew card remembered someone telling him about the saudi [ask for] shortly after 9/11 , he said he had not talked to the saudis and did not ask anyone to do anything about it .

That afternoon , Secretary of State Powell announced at the beginning of an NSC meeting that Pakistani President Musharraf had agreed to every U.S. request for support in the war on terrorism .
that afternoon , secretary of state powell announced at the beginning of an nsc meeting that pakistani president musharraf had agreed to every u.s. [ask for] for support in the war on terrorism .

Both departments would consult with NATO and other allies and request intelligence , basing , and other support from countries , according to their capabilities and resources .
both departments would consult with nato and other allies and [ask for] intelligence , basing , and other support from countries , according to their capabilities and resources .

Franks told us that he was pushing independently to do more robust planning on military responses in Iraq during the summer before 9/11-a request President Bush denied , arguing that the time was not right .
franks told us that he was pushing independently to do more robust planning on military responses in iraq during the summer before 9/11-a [ask for] president bush denied , arguing that the time was not right .

Franks said that President Bush again turned down the request .
franks said that president bush again turned down the [ask for] .

The overall funding request of the 15 intelligence entities in this program is then presented to the president and Congress in 15 separate volumes .
the overall funding [ask for] of the 15 intelligence entities in this program is then presented to the president and congress in 15 separate volumes .

Another conspirator , Abdelghani Meskini , used a stolen identity to travel to Seattle on December 11 , 1999 , at the request of Mokhtar Haouari , another conspirator .
another conspirator , abdelghani meskini , used a stolen identity to travel to seattle on december 11 , 1999 , at the [ask for] of mokhtar haouari , another conspirator .

Meanwhile , Bodine and the leader of the FBI team , John O'Neill , clashed repeatedly-to the point that after O'Neill had been rotated out of Yemen but wanted to return , Bodine refused the request .
meanwhile , bodine and the leader of the fbi team , john o'neill , clashed repeatedly-to the point that after o'neill had been rotated out of yemen but wanted to return , bodine refused the [ask for] .

On May 29 , at Tenet 's request , Rice and Tenet converted their usual weekly meeting into a broader discussion on al Qaeda ; participants included Clarke , CTC chief Cofer Black , and `` Richard , '' a group chief with authority over the Bin Ladin unit .
on may 29 , at tenet 's [ask for] , rice and tenet converted their usual weekly meeting into a broader discussion on al qaeda ; participants included clarke , ctc chief cofer black , and `` richard , '' a group chief with authority over the bin ladin unit .

During the spring , the CIA , at the NSC 's request , had developed draft legal authorities-a presidential finding-to undertake a large-scale program of covert assistance to the Taliban 's foes .
during the spring , the cia , at the nsc 's [ask for] , had developed draft legal authorities-a presidential finding-to undertake a large-scale program of covert assistance to the taliban 's foes .

On August 4 , President Bush wrote President Musharraf to request his support in dealing with terrorism and to urge Pakistan to engage actively against al Qaeda .
on august 4 , president bush wrote president musharraf to [ask for] his support in dealing with terrorism and to urge pakistan to engage actively against al qaeda .

The CIA 's notes for Tenet advised him that `` in response to the NSC request for drafts that will help the policymakers review their options , each of the documents has been crafted to provide the Agency with the broadest possible discretion permissible under the law . ''
the cia 's notes for tenet advised him that `` in response to the nsc [ask for] for drafts that will help the policymakers review their options , each of the documents has been crafted to provide the agency with the broadest possible discretion permissible under the law . ''

Bin Ladin is said to have asked for space to establish training camps , as well as assistance in procuring weapons , but there is no evidence that Iraq responded to this request .
bin ladin is said to have asked for space to establish training camps , as well as assistance in procuring weapons , but there is no evidence that iraq responded to this [ask for] .

All four operatives stayed at the apartment of Yazid Sufaat , the Malaysian JI member who made his home available at Hambali 's request .
all four operatives stayed at the apartment of yazid sufaat , the malaysian ji member who made his home available at hambali 's [ask for] .

Although the university denied his request , Shehhi left anyway , and consequently was compelled to repeat the first semester of his studies .
although the university denied his [ask for] , shehhi left anyway , and consequently was compelled to repeat the first semester of his studies .

In late 1997 , he applied for permission to complete his course work in Hamburg , a request apparently motivated by his desire to join Atta and Binalshibh .
in late 1997 , he applied for permission to complete his course work in hamburg , a [ask for] apparently motivated by his desire to join atta and binalshibh .

Binalshibh 's visa request was rejected , however , as were his three subsequent applications .
binalshibh 's visa [ask for] was rejected , however , as were his three subsequent applications .

The NSA tried to respond energetically to any request made .
the nsa tried to respond energetically to any [ask for] made .

On Hambali 's assistance at KSM 's request , see Intelligence report , interrogation of KSM , July 31 , 2003 ; Intelligence report , interrogation of Khallad , Aug. 8 , 2003 .
on hambali 's assistance at ksm 's [ask for] , see intelligence report , interrogation of ksm , july 31 , 2003 ; intelligence report , interrogation of khallad , aug. 8 , 2003 .

See , for example , the request for supplemental appropriations in CIA briefing materials , '' Targeting the Terrorists : Next Steps and New Initiatives , '' Feb. 1 , 2000 ( for the President ) .
see , for example , the [ask for] for supplemental appropriations in cia briefing materials , '' targeting the terrorists : next steps and new initiatives , '' feb. 1 , 2000 ( for the president ) .

Congress had authorized the Alien Terrorist Removal Court at the request of the Justice Department in 1996 , and it was established in 1997 .
congress had authorized the alien terrorist removal court at the [ask for] of the justice department in 1996 , and it was established in 1997 .

On the CIA side see , for example , CIA briefing materials , `` DDO Update , '' May 22 , 26 , 2000 ( at which the DCI was told that unless funding was identified within the next 10 days , the military advised that the Predator could not be deployed that fiscal year ; the military was waiting for an NSC request that it fund the projects ) .
on the cia side see , for example , cia briefing materials , `` ddo update , '' may 22 , 26 , 2000 ( at which the dci was told that unless funding was identified within the next 10 days , the military advised that the predator could not be deployed that fiscal year ; the military was waiting for an nsc [ask for] that it fund the projects ) .

Powell was briefed by the full CSG , at his request .
powell was briefed by the full csg , at his [ask for] .

On the DC meeting , see also NSC email , Clarke to NSC Front Office , '' Request for DC on al Qida Terrorism , '' Apr .
on the dc meeting , see also nsc email , clarke to nsc front office , '' [ask for] for dc on al qida terrorism , '' apr .

DOJ letter , Ashcroft to Daniels , transmitting the Department of Justice FY 2003 budget request , Sept. 10 , 2001 ; Thomas Pickard interview ( Jan. 21 , 2004 ) .
doj letter , ashcroft to daniels , transmitting the department of justice fy 2003 budget [ask for] , sept. 10 , 2001 ; thomas pickard interview ( jan. 21 , 2004 ) .

Pickard told us that he approached Ashcroft and asked him to reconsider DOJ 's denial of the FBI 's original counterterrorism budget request in light of the continuing threat .
pickard told us that he approached ashcroft and asked him to reconsider doj 's denial of the fbi 's original counterterrorism budget [ask for] in light of the continuing threat .

After first declining Hazmi 's request for a loan , the administrator agreed to permit him to use the administrator 's bank account to receive the $ 5,000 wire transfer .
after first declining hazmi 's [ask for] for a loan , the administrator agreed to permit him to use the administrator 's bank account to receive the $ 5,000 wire transfer .

FBI electronic communication , investigation of Hamdan al Shalawi , Oct. 16 , 2003 , p. 2 ; Intelligence report , trace request on Shalawi , Nov. 27 , 2000 .
fbi electronic communication , investigation of hamdan al shalawi , oct. 16 , 2003 , p. 2 ; intelligence report , trace [ask for] on shalawi , nov. 27 , 2000 .

For Ani 's denials of any meetings and request to superiors , see CIA briefing ( Jan. 28 , 2004 ) ; Intelligence report , interrogation of Ahmad Khalil Ibrahim Samir al Ani , Oct. 1 , 2003 .
for ani 's denials of any meetings and [ask for] to superiors , see cia briefing ( jan. 28 , 2004 ) ; intelligence report , interrogation of ahmad khalil ibrahim samir al ani , oct. 1 , 2003 .

For their attendance at the Dar al Hijra mosque , see FBI electronic communication , request for interviews , Aug. 6 , 2002 .
for their attendance at the dar al hijra mosque , see fbi electronic communication , [ask for] for interviews , aug. 6 , 2002 .

For Hazmi and Hanjour meeting Rababah , see FBI electronic communication , request for interviews of certain individuals , Aug. 6 , 2002 .
for hazmi and hanjour meeting rababah , see fbi electronic communication , [ask for] for interviews of certain individuals , aug. 6 , 2002 .

At the request of intelligence community agencies ( including the FBI ) , we use the first name and last initial , only the first name , or in a few instances an alias or title when referring to working-level employees in those agencies .
at the [ask for] of intelligence community agencies ( including the fbi ) , we use the first name and last initial , only the first name , or in a few instances an alias or title when referring to working-level employees in those agencies .

At the request of several intelligence agencies , we cite most reports from the CIA and other intelligence agencies generically as `` Intelligence report , '' followed by a description of the subject and date .
at the [ask for] of several intelligence agencies , we cite most reports from the cia and other intelligence agencies generically as `` intelligence report , '' followed by a description of the subject and date .

Logan International Airport site visit ( Aug. 15 , 2003 ) ; see also FBI response to Commission briefing request no .
logan international airport site visit ( aug. 15 , 2003 ) ; see also fbi response to commission briefing [ask for] no .

See FBI response to Commission briefing request no .
see fbi response to commission briefing [ask for] no .

FBI report , '' American Airlines Airphone Usage , '' Sept. 20 , 2001 ; FBI report of investigation , interview of Theodore Olson , Sept. 11 , 2001 ; FBI report of investigation , interview of Helen Voss , Sept. 14 , 2001 ; AAL response to the Commission 's supplemental document request , Jan. 20 , 2004 .
fbi report , '' american airlines airphone usage , '' sept. 20 , 2001 ; fbi report of investigation , interview of theodore olson , sept. 11 , 2001 ; fbi report of investigation , interview of helen voss , sept. 14 , 2001 ; aal response to the commission 's supplemental document [ask for] , jan. 20 , 2004 .

See FBI response to Commission briefing request no .
see fbi response to commission briefing [ask for] no .

FBI response to Commission briefing request no .
fbi response to commission briefing [ask for] no .

FAA headquarters began to follow the hijack protocol but did not contact the NMCC to request a fighter escort .
faa headquarters began to follow the hijack protocol but did not contact the nmcc to [ask for] a fighter escort .

We have found no evidence to suggest that the Command Center acted on this request or issued any type of cockpit security alert .
we have found no evidence to suggest that the command center acted on this [ask for] or issued any type of cockpit security alert .

The Command Center executed the request and , a minute later , Cleveland Center reported that `` United 93 may have a bomb on board . ''
the command center executed the [ask for] and , a minute later , cleveland center reported that `` united 93 may have a bomb on board . ''

Cleveland even told the Command Center it was prepared to contact a nearby military base to make the request .
cleveland even told the command center it was prepared to contact a nearby military base to make the [ask for] .

At 9:46 the Command Center updated FAA headquarters that United 93 was now `` twenty-nine minutes out of Washington , D.C. '' At 9:49 , 13 minutes after Cleveland Center had asked about getting military help , the Command Center suggested that someone at headquarters should decide whether to request military assistance : FAA Headquarters : They 're pulling Jeff away to go talk about United 93 .
at 9:46 the command center updated faa headquarters that united 93 was now `` twenty-nine minutes out of washington , d.c. '' at 9:49 , 13 minutes after cleveland center had asked about getting military help , the command center suggested that someone at headquarters should decide whether to [ask for] military assistance : faa headquarters : they 're pulling jeff away to go talk about united 93 .

The President and the Vice President indicated to us they had not been aware that fighters had been scrambled out of Andrews , at the request of the Secret Service and outside the military chain of command .
the president and the vice president indicated to us they had not been aware that fighters had been scrambled out of andrews , at the [ask for] of the secret service and outside the military chain of command .

The same chapter offers a sensational quote from a researcher that “ the real goal [ of aging research ] is to keep people alive forever. ” The request that quotes from researchers more representative of the biomedical research community also be included was declined .
the same chapter offers a sensational quote from a researcher that “ the real goal [ of aging research ] is to keep people alive forever. ” the [ask for] that quotes from researchers more representative of the biomedical research community also be included was declined .

The issue of credibility is important , the NexCura Inc. researchers point out , because ‘ the credibility rating is used as a surrogate for “ buying ” behavior ’ —an intermediate measure of whether the star can persuade people to request the target drug from their doctor .
the issue of credibility is important , the nexcura inc. researchers point out , because ‘ the credibility rating is used as a surrogate for “ buying ” behavior ’ —an intermediate measure of whether the star can persuade people to [ask for] the target drug from their doctor .

Some women are subject to violence if they refuse a sexual overture , ask their husband to use a condom , or request an HIV test .
some women are subject to violence if they refuse a sexual overture , ask their husband to use a condom , or [ask for] an hiv test .

Although we recognize that authors who submit to PLoS Biology may well be a self-selected group of enthusiastic open-access supporters , we have found that nearly 90 % of those who submit manuscripts do not request a fee waiver , and the few who do still offer to pay some portion of the fee .
although we recognize that authors who submit to plos biology may well be a self-selected group of enthusiastic open-access supporters , we have found that nearly 90 % of those who submit manuscripts do not [ask for] a fee waiver , and the few who do still offer to pay some portion of the fee .

The assumption underlying this system is that positive findings on earlier , more basic tests of neurotoxicity in adult animals will “ trigger ” the EPA to request more extensive testing by manufacturers , including tests in immature animals .
the assumption underlying this system is that positive findings on earlier , more basic tests of neurotoxicity in adult animals will “ trigger ” the epa to [ask for] more extensive testing by manufacturers , including tests in immature animals .

Spring seems to be a good time to contact graduates to request contributions to the Gertrude L. Gunn Scholarship Fund .
spring seems to be a good time to contact graduates to [ask for] contributions to the gertrude l. gunn scholarship fund .

This letter is our 1997 request to 3~ for a gift to the Annual Campaign for support of our operating budget .
this letter is our 1997 [ask for] to 3~ for a gift to the annual campaign for support of our operating budget .

Thank you for considering our request for your contribution to the scholarship fund .
thank you for considering our [ask for] for your contribution to the scholarship fund .

March 31 , 1994 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Name , Thank you again for sending me the information on your `` $ 25 reasonable request '' direct mail appeal as well as your detailed analysis of results .
march 31 , 1994 name address city , st zip dear name , thank you again for sending me the information on your `` $ 25 reasonable [ask for] '' direct mail appeal as well as your detailed analysis of results .

Accordingly , a brief recital of unmet needs is given below with a request for contributions .
accordingly , a brief recital of unmet needs is given below with a [ask for] for contributions .

If you had relatives or close friends with cancer , you will appreciate our request for money .
if you had relatives or close friends with cancer , you will appreciate our [ask for] for money .

Thanks for your courtesy in reviewing this request .
thanks for your courtesy in reviewing this [ask for] .

Please consider this request carefully -- it is very important to us , the future of dental care in Indiana and your private practice .
please consider this [ask for] carefully -- it is very important to us , the future of dental care in indiana and your private practice .

I thank you for your consideration of this request - it will really make a difference !
i thank you for your consideration of this [ask for] - it will really make a difference !

Thank you for considering this request .
thank you for considering this [ask for] .

Thank you for your consideration of this request .
thank you for your consideration of this [ask for] .

Thank you for your consideration of this important request .
thank you for your consideration of this important [ask for] .

That is , this is the last such request that will be penned from the Cavanaugh Hall address .
that is , this is the last such [ask for] that will be penned from the cavanaugh hall address .

I will be happy to supply any additional information you may need and thank you for your consideration of our request .
i will be happy to supply any additional information you may need and thank you for your consideration of our [ask for] .

Jomo Kenyatta , speech at the Kenya African Union Meeting at Nyeri , July 26 , 1952 Sirens scream , paramedics and nurses bustle from station to station , patients awaken from nights spent on hard chairs to request attention : early morning is always busy at a hospital .
jomo kenyatta , speech at the kenya african union meeting at nyeri , july 26 , 1952 sirens scream , paramedics and nurses bustle from station to station , patients awaken from nights spent on hard chairs to [ask for] attention : early morning is always busy at a hospital .

`` the Dow Jones industrial average '' was n't part of Brokaw 's question -- which was a request for something beyond the airy platitudes about compassion that Bush has been delivering .
`` the dow jones industrial average '' was n't part of brokaw 's question -- which was a [ask for] for something beyond the airy platitudes about compassion that bush has been delivering .

Therefore , they explain , the Pinochet matter will be disposed of in a British court when Spain presses its extradition request , unless the Home Secretary , Jack Straw , decides otherwise .
therefore , they explain , the pinochet matter will be disposed of in a british court when spain presses its extradition [ask for] , unless the home secretary , jack straw , decides otherwise .

Another subpoena will probably go to Clinton himself , requiring that he ensure that Reno comply with the committee 's request .
another subpoena will probably go to clinton himself , requiring that he ensure that reno comply with the committee 's [ask for] .

The story quotes one fellow parishioner 's request that members pray for Starr : `` I have a friend who is going through hell right now ... I believe he is in trouble with the world because he desires to represent Christ well in the task to which he has been called . ''
the story quotes one fellow parishioner 's [ask for] that members pray for starr : `` i have a friend who is going through hell right now ... i believe he is in trouble with the world because he desires to represent christ well in the task to which he has been called . ''

Chatterbox 's request that readers submit nominations for the Annual Joseph Heller Memorial Cliché Contest yielded a huge response .
chatterbox 's [ask for] that readers submit nominations for the annual joseph heller memorial cliché contest yielded a huge response .

Although some readers submitted citations along with their entries , per Chatterbox 's request , most did not .
although some readers submitted citations along with their entries , per chatterbox 's [ask for] , most did not .

A NYT front piece says that the Environmental Protection Agency ordered 392 Southern and Midwestern plants , mainly electricity-generating ones , to cut in half their emissions of nitrous oxides that contribute to Eastern seaboard smog at the request of Eastern states who asked for help meeting national smog standards .
a nyt front piece says that the environmental protection agency ordered 392 southern and midwestern plants , mainly electricity-generating ones , to cut in half their emissions of nitrous oxides that contribute to eastern seaboard smog at the [ask for] of eastern states who asked for help meeting national smog standards .

The WP off-lead reports Clinton is `` strongly considering making a request for government reimbursement of '' most or all of the $ 5 million the Clintons owe in unpaid legal bills associated with the Whitewater and Monica investigations -- which have already cost the public $ 47 million .
the wp off-lead reports clinton is `` strongly considering making a [ask for] for government reimbursement of '' most or all of the $ 5 million the clintons owe in unpaid legal bills associated with the whitewater and monica investigations -- which have already cost the public $ 47 million .

In sum , Gore may want to reconsider his request for twice-weekly debates .
in sum , gore may want to reconsider his [ask for] for twice-weekly debates .

The governor assured disappointed supporters that he will execute other people : `` I continue to support capital punishment , but after careful consideration of [ the pope 's ] direct and personal appeal and because of a deep and abiding respect for the pontiff and all that he represents , I decided last night to grant his request . ''
the governor assured disappointed supporters that he will execute other people : `` i continue to support capital punishment , but after careful consideration of [ the pope 's ] direct and personal appeal and because of a deep and abiding respect for the pontiff and all that he represents , i decided last night to grant his [ask for] . ''

A prominent that Martin Luther King Jr. might have been in favor of affirmative action , despite his request that people being judged by the content of character rather than the color of their skin .
a prominent that martin luther king jr. might have been in favor of affirmative action , despite his [ask for] that people being judged by the content of character rather than the color of their skin .

Mel Carnahan , D-Mo. , spared a murderer 's life at the pope 's request .
mel carnahan , d-mo. , spared a murderer 's life at the pope 's [ask for] .

Carnahan commuted Mease 's sentence to life in prison but said he still supports the death penalty and made an exception for Mease only because of `` the coincidence of the pope being there '' and `` making a personal request that I chose to respond to . ''
carnahan commuted mease 's sentence to life in prison but said he still supports the death penalty and made an exception for mease only because of `` the coincidence of the pope being there '' and `` making a personal [ask for] that i chose to respond to . ''

Analysts pondered why the pope 's request worked this time , whereas similar pontifical pleas for mercy have failed in the past .
analysts pondered why the pope 's [ask for] worked this time , whereas similar pontifical pleas for mercy have failed in the past .

U.S. officials admit they supplied spying equipment to the inspectors but offer several alibis : 1 ) We were just helping the inspectors in response to their request .
u.s. officials admit they supplied spying equipment to the inspectors but offer several alibis : 1 ) we were just helping the inspectors in response to their [ask for] .

Perhaps when the unworkable but stylishly nostalgic Star Wars anti-missile system is deployed , a part of President Clinton 's request for the biggest increase in the military spending in decades , Clarke will lose his fear of abandonment .
perhaps when the unworkable but stylishly nostalgic star wars anti-missile system is deployed , a part of president clinton 's [ask for] for the biggest increase in the military spending in decades , clarke will lose his fear of abandonment .

Attorney General Janet Reno rejected a Republican request for an independent counsel to investigate Democratic fund raising .
attorney general janet reno rejected a republican [ask for] for an independent counsel to investigate democratic fund raising .

It began with a request for participants to list their favorite rock or world music albums of the past five years .
it began with a [ask for] for participants to list their favorite rock or world music albums of the past five years .

Many recipients did , but at least a few questioned whether this was an authorized request for money , or a hoax .
many recipients did , but at least a few questioned whether this was an authorized [ask for] for money , or a hoax .

The Bush campaign did not respond to a request for comment .
the bush campaign did not respond to a [ask for] for comment .

The mass-circulation Sun , now reportedly dumping its famous Page-3 bare-breasted pinups at the request of Rupert Murdoch 's new Chinese wife , used the small French farmers ' protest at Calais as the excuse for an attack on Prime Minister Tony Blair for his pro-Europeanism .
the mass-circulation sun , now reportedly dumping its famous page-3 bare-breasted pinups at the [ask for] of rupert murdoch 's new chinese wife , used the small french farmers ' protest at calais as the excuse for an attack on prime minister tony blair for his pro-europeanism .

It asked in particular for rejection of a request by some Kosovo-born Serb policemen to be allowed to discard their uniforms and return to civilian life in the province .
it asked in particular for rejection of a [ask for] by some kosovo-born serb policemen to be allowed to discard their uniforms and return to civilian life in the province .

Citing executive privilege , he denied congressional Republicans ' request for records relating to last month 's release of 12 imprisoned Puerto Rican nationalists .
citing executive privilege , he denied congressional republicans ' [ask for] for records relating to last month 's release of 12 imprisoned puerto rican nationalists .

Friday 's Guardian featured an interview with former Chilean President Gen. Augusto Pinochet , who has been under house arrest for several months awaiting the outcome of Spain 's request that he be extradited and tried there for murder , torture , and other human rights violations .
friday 's guardian featured an interview with former chilean president gen. augusto pinochet , who has been under house arrest for several months awaiting the outcome of spain 's [ask for] that he be extradited and tried there for murder , torture , and other human rights violations .

Click here to request a free subscription .
click here to [ask for] a free subscription .

Swiss , French , and Belgian authorities have also asked that Pinochet be extradited to their jurisdictions , so it is possible that if the Spanish request is withdrawn , the proceedings will continue with one of those countries as the petitioner .
swiss , french , and belgian authorities have also asked that pinochet be extradited to their jurisdictions , so it is possible that if the spanish [ask for] is withdrawn , the proceedings will continue with one of those countries as the petitioner .

The conservative Sunday Telegraph of London reported , it is possible that Pinochet could face trial in Britain if Spain withdraws its request .
the conservative sunday telegraph of london reported , it is possible that pinochet could face trial in britain if spain withdraws its [ask for] .

It quoted Spanish Foreign Minister Abel Matutes as saying this could bring `` a complete solution '' to the row generated by Spain 's request for Pinochet to be extradited from Britain for murder , torture , and other human rights violations .
it quoted spanish foreign minister abel matutes as saying this could bring `` a complete solution '' to the row generated by spain 's [ask for] for pinochet to be extradited from britain for murder , torture , and other human rights violations .

Surely this `` really great guy , '' the best boss you 've ever had , could not be so unreasonable -- or thin-skinned -- as to take umbrage at your request for a whistle-free workplace .
surely this `` really great guy , '' the best boss you 've ever had , could not be so unreasonable -- or thin-skinned -- as to take umbrage at your [ask for] for a whistle-free workplace .

Unless he is so dense that light bends around him , he will accede to your request and be grateful that you spoke up .
unless he is so dense that light bends around him , he will accede to your [ask for] and be grateful that you spoke up .

I have only a modest request .
i have only a modest [ask for] .

I do n't think the request for more numbers is simply the idiosyncrasy of an old economist .
i do n't think the [ask for] for more numbers is simply the idiosyncrasy of an old economist .

Opponents such as Harris and Pfeifer argued loudly that the city was forecasting a deficit because it is saddled with debt voters did n't approve , to fund a library they did n't request , for the president who did n't inhale .
opponents such as harris and pfeifer argued loudly that the city was forecasting a deficit because it is saddled with debt voters did n't approve , to fund a library they did n't [ask for] , for the president who did n't inhale .

One final request : The Shopping Avenger would like to hear from anyone who has actually eaten Rice-a-Roni and from anyone who could explain why it is known as `` the San Francisco treat . ''
one final [ask for] : the shopping avenger would like to hear from anyone who has actually eaten rice-a-roni and from anyone who could explain why it is known as `` the san francisco treat . ''

Each request to Slate from your browser carries with it an assortment of useful information .
each [ask for] to slate from your browser carries with it an assortment of useful information .

More important , each page request is accompanied by a return address .
more important , each page [ask for] is accompanied by a return address .

The president 's British soul mate , Prime Minister Tony Blair , an Anglican , was reported by British papers to have complied with a request that he no longer receive Communion at his wife 's Catholic parish .
the president 's british soul mate , prime minister tony blair , an anglican , was reported by british papers to have complied with a [ask for] that he no longer receive communion at his wife 's catholic parish .

Prayer chains also thrive on the telephone , as callers dial friends and acquaintances and ask them to pray for someone in need -- and then ask them to make the same request of their friends and acquaintances .
prayer chains also thrive on the telephone , as callers dial friends and acquaintances and ask them to pray for someone in need -- and then ask them to make the same [ask for] of their friends and acquaintances .

Its modest request is that recipients put their names at the bottom of the list and forward it to friends .
its modest [ask for] is that recipients put their names at the bottom of the list and forward it to friends .

Talks began again on Sunday , after the government withdrew this request .
talks began again on sunday , after the government withdrew this [ask for] .

Slate received several replies to a request in the Nov. 22 `` Readme '' for attribution of a quotation :
slate received several replies to a [ask for] in the nov. 22 `` readme '' for attribution of a quotation :

Since my time is much too valuable to waste ( I 've got a little kayaking to do ) , I have a request for the editors of Slate .
since my time is much too valuable to waste ( i 've got a little kayaking to do ) , i have a [ask for] for the editors of slate .

All except the lord chancellor , although , the Telegraph reassures its readers , `` his request to walk forwards stems from a desire to avoid an accident rather than from any modernising zeal . ''
all except the lord chancellor , although , the telegraph reassures its readers , `` his [ask for] to walk forwards stems from a desire to avoid an accident rather than from any modernising zeal . ''

At the impeachment hearing last Friday , Barney Frank , D-Mass. , tried to spring the perjury trap , but Starr thwarted him by repeating that he did n't do any illegal leaking ( he did n't add `` by my definition '' ) and that he could n't discuss the matter because it was `` under seal '' ( he did n't add `` at my request '' ) .
at the impeachment hearing last friday , barney frank , d-mass. , tried to spring the perjury trap , but starr thwarted him by repeating that he did n't do any illegal leaking ( he did n't add `` by my definition '' ) and that he could n't discuss the matter because it was `` under seal '' ( he did n't add `` at my [ask for] '' ) .

The paper said that many Chileans condemned the Spanish extradition request because it undermined Chile 's national reconciliation efforts .
the paper said that many chileans condemned the spanish extradition [ask for] because it undermined chile 's national reconciliation efforts .

Ocalan was arrested in Italy at Germany 's request , but Bonn has now dropped its request for his extradition and has jointly proposed with Italy that he be tried for terrorist crimes by a currently nonexistent international tribunal .
ocalan was arrested in italy at germany 's [ask for] , but bonn has now dropped its [ask for] for his extradition and has jointly proposed with italy that he be tried for terrorist crimes by a currently nonexistent international tribunal .

It proposed that Germany request his extradition from Italy and put him on trial for the offenses of which he is accused there .
it proposed that germany [ask for] his extradition from italy and put him on trial for the offenses of which he is accused there .

His arrest by Scotland Yard in response to a Spanish extradition request was unanimously supported by the Spanish press .
his arrest by scotland yard in response to a spanish extradition [ask for] was unanimously supported by the spanish press .

During last spring 's controversy , McNally 's agent Gilbert Parker was quoted complaining that no journalist had bothered to request a copy of the script of Corpus Christi .
during last spring 's controversy , mcnally 's agent gilbert parker was quoted complaining that no journalist had bothered to [ask for] a copy of the script of corpus christi .

Degas ' enthusiasm for photography ca n't conceal the morbid undertow of his request .
degas ' enthusiasm for photography ca n't conceal the morbid undertow of his [ask for] .

Would Jordan have helped Monica get a job at Revlon if he knew a ) she was about to perjure herself at his request and b ) his help could be construed as a bribe to facilitate the perjury ?
would jordan have helped monica get a job at revlon if he knew a ) she was about to perjure herself at his [ask for] and b ) his help could be construed as a bribe to facilitate the perjury ?

Since the statement of Currie 's lawyer was drafted at the request of Clinton 's lawyers , you can bet each word was carefully weighed and vetted .
since the statement of currie 's lawyer was drafted at the [ask for] of clinton 's lawyers , you can bet each word was carefully weighed and vetted .

The WP explains that Albright , heeding an Israeli request that the U.S. play a back-seat role in the negotiations , had been reluctant to interfere but plunged into the fray with decisive mediation .
the wp explains that albright , heeding an israeli [ask for] that the u.s. play a back-seat role in the negotiations , had been reluctant to interfere but plunged into the fray with decisive mediation .

Companies can keep themselves out of purchase circles by faxing in a request .
companies can keep themselves out of purchase circles by faxing in a [ask for] .

The key elements are , says the author , that China does n't normally pay an agent for information , request the provision of classified documents , use intelligence officers to elicit information , or engage in clandestine activity in the United States .
the key elements are , says the author , that china does n't normally pay an agent for information , [ask for] the provision of classified documents , use intelligence officers to elicit information , or engage in clandestine activity in the united states .

Congress must refuse the request and remove him . ''
congress must refuse the [ask for] and remove him . ''

He will request religious freedom for Cubans .
he will [ask for] religious freedom for cubans .

This is neither a trick question nor an implausible request : The Lincoln Bedroom ( this is a hint ) is in the White House , and that 's just what you are looking at -- a photograph of the White House interior taken by National Park Service photographer Abbie Rowe in 1950 .
this is neither a trick question nor an implausible [ask for] : the lincoln bedroom ( this is a hint ) is in the white house , and that 's just what you are looking at -- a photograph of the white house interior taken by national park service photographer abbie rowe in 1950 .

In February , Dexter and Coretta testified at a Tennessee hearing in favor of Ray 's request for a trial .
in february , dexter and coretta testified at a tennessee hearing in favor of ray 's [ask for] for a trial .

One inauspicious sign : Clinton had to call Chinese President Jiang Zemin a second time to request an invitation for his emissaries , after Jiang did not return his first call .
one inauspicious sign : clinton had to call chinese president jiang zemin a second time to [ask for] an invitation for his emissaries , after jiang did not return his first call .

Chatterbox 's only request is that they not choose the New Executive Office Building , just up the street from the OEOB , because it 's really ugly .
chatterbox 's only [ask for] is that they not choose the new executive office building , just up the street from the oeob , because it 's really ugly .

At least , an odd place to put this request .
at least , an odd place to put this [ask for] .

Before I flew to Austin , Texas , to cover a film festival , at Lynn 's request we put together a little promo package to present at the bidding -- she makes all her clients do this .
before i flew to austin , texas , to cover a film festival , at lynn 's [ask for] we put together a little promo package to present at the bidding -- she makes all her clients do this .

The South China Morning Post of Hong Kong said , in contrast to reports elsewhere that the United States had already rejected the South Korean government 's request for an early release of some of its expected international bailout funds , that President Clinton had told President Kim Young Sam that he personally supported the request because he believed that South Korea was abiding by the demands for government-spending cuts and other financial reforms made by the International Monetary Fund .
the south china morning post of hong kong said , in contrast to reports elsewhere that the united states had already rejected the south korean government 's [ask for] for an early release of some of its expected international bailout funds , that president clinton had told president kim young sam that he personally supported the [ask for] because he believed that south korea was abiding by the demands for government-spending cuts and other financial reforms made by the international monetary fund .

It also claimed that Thai soldiers who removed locks of hair from his head had been acting at the request of the U.S. government .
it also claimed that thai soldiers who removed locks of hair from his head had been acting at the [ask for] of the u.s. government .

India strongly criticized the summit because of Clinton 's request that Russia sever its defense links with the country .
india strongly criticized the summit because of clinton 's [ask for] that russia sever its defense links with the country .

The conservative Jerusalem Post led on Netanyahu 's rejection of Tony Blair 's request for a halt in West Bank settlement activity .
the conservative jerusalem post led on netanyahu 's rejection of tony blair 's [ask for] for a halt in west bank settlement activity .

Request denied .
[ask for] denied .

ABC has refused the request .
abc has refused the [ask for] .

At the FDA 's request , Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories withdrew fenfluramine , half of the wildly popular `` fen-phen , '' and also dexfenfluramine , which is marketed as `` Redux . ''
at the fda 's [ask for] , wyeth-ayerst laboratories withdrew fenfluramine , half of the wildly popular `` fen-phen , '' and also dexfenfluramine , which is marketed as `` redux . ''

The request came because of new findings from doctors that indicated use of the substances was correlated with serious abnormalities in heart valves , a suspicion first revealed to the FDA and in the press last July .
the [ask for] came because of new findings from doctors that indicated use of the substances was correlated with serious abnormalities in heart valves , a suspicion first revealed to the fda and in the press last july .

According to the NYT , the South Korean government issued a televised request to citizens for donations of gold jewelry .
according to the nyt , the south korean government issued a televised [ask for] to citizens for donations of gold jewelry .

In response to the usual request to describe his background for the record , Ickes replied , `` I was born .
in response to the usual [ask for] to describe his background for the record , ickes replied , `` i was born .

USA Today goes with the revelation that last week , Russia 's intelligence agency turned down the U.S. Department of Justice 's request for bank statements , other documents and audiotapes relating to the suspected diversion of nearly $ 15 million from Russia to U.S. and other banks .
usa today goes with the revelation that last week , russia 's intelligence agency turned down the u.s. department of justice 's [ask for] for bank statements , other documents and audiotapes relating to the suspected diversion of nearly $ 15 million from russia to u.s. and other banks .

Russian officials described the request , says the paper , as an `` unnecessary intrusion . ''
russian officials described the [ask for] , says the paper , as an `` unnecessary intrusion . ''

The then-speaker of the Texas legislature had been saying that although he often received requests for Guard placement , he never received such a request from anyone in the Bush family , including GWB 's father .
the then-speaker of the texas legislature had been saying that although he often received requests for guard placement , he never received such a [ask for] from anyone in the bush family , including gwb 's father .

Now , says the Post , the ex-speaker says he did intervene , at the request of a good friend of the elder Bush .
now , says the post , the ex-speaker says he did intervene , at the [ask for] of a good friend of the elder bush .

Quasi-pornography in the Times this morning , too , with the day 's final accounting of the former Mrs. Ron Perelman 's child-support request : $ 22.3 million over the next 14 years , including $ 30,000 a month for the kid 's servants .
quasi-pornography in the times this morning , too , with the day 's final accounting of the former mrs. ron perelman 's child-support [ask for] : $ 22.3 million over the next 14 years , including $ 30,000 a month for the kid 's servants .

That unprecedented request , enlisting Western aid in an intra-Arab war , seemed to mark a turning point in Arab politics , triggering a regional reconfiguration of alliances .
that unprecedented [ask for] , enlisting western aid in an intra-arab war , seemed to mark a turning point in arab politics , triggering a regional reconfiguration of alliances .

The quaintly elaborate capitalization -- Buckle `` found his way into ... the sleepy arms of his Good Companion '' -- takes you further back , to Richardson and Pamela , as does this priceless request : `` 'Turn over my pretty one , and raise your sweet white bottom in the air . '
the quaintly elaborate capitalization -- buckle `` found his way into ... the sleepy arms of his good companion '' -- takes you further back , to richardson and pamela , as does this priceless [ask for] : `` 'turn over my pretty one , and raise your sweet white bottom in the air . '

The Supreme Court 's rejection of Kenneth Starr 's fast-track request is Issue 2 , and upcoming midterm elections -- Issue 3 -- spur the opinion mafia to wonder how the ongoing scandal will react with congressional races .
the supreme court 's rejection of kenneth starr 's fast-track [ask for] is issue 2 , and upcoming midterm elections -- issue 3 -- spur the opinion mafia to wonder how the ongoing scandal will react with congressional races .

Citing a `` no controversial-issue advertising '' policy , ABC turned down HRC 's request that it make a single nationwide purchase of air time .
citing a `` no controversial-issue advertising '' policy , abc turned down hrc 's [ask for] that it make a single nationwide purchase of air time .

It vacillated for months before going with the show 's proposal ; it also recently turned down another ad request by a cruise line that targets lesbians , on the grounds that `` discussion about same-sex lifestyles is more appropriate in programming '' ( where it will probably be sanitized ) .
it vacillated for months before going with the show 's proposal ; it also recently turned down another ad [ask for] by a cruise line that targets lesbians , on the grounds that `` discussion about same-sex lifestyles is more appropriate in programming '' ( where it will probably be sanitized ) .

U.S. law does not require the president to request congressional support before supporting a WTO bid .
u.s. law does not require the president to [ask for] congressional support before supporting a wto bid .

A tenured professor of English at Rutgers has refused the university 's request that she take a neurological exam .
a tenured professor of english at rutgers has refused the university 's [ask for] that she take a neurological exam .

The Beatles produced sophomoric concept albums , like `` Magical Mystery Tour , '' but they never made anything as fake as `` Their Satanic Majesties Request . ''
the beatles produced sophomoric concept albums , like `` magical mystery tour , '' but they never made anything as fake as `` their satanic majesties [ask for] . ''

At the other end of the culture is wholesome Vince Gill , the country music great featured on A & E 's concert series , Live by Request ( Saturday , 9 p.m. ) .
at the other end of the culture is wholesome vince gill , the country music great featured on a & e 's concert series , live by [ask for] ( saturday , 9 p.m. ) .

Time Warner , TCI , Request , Cablevision Systems , Viewer 's Choice , and other major operators stopped airing UFC events , saying they were too violent for children .
time warner , tci , [ask for] , cablevision systems , viewer 's choice , and other major operators stopped airing ufc events , saying they were too violent for children .

The NYT lead says Starr has rejected a White House request that the questioning of senior Clinton aides be restricted .
the nyt lead says starr has rejected a white house [ask for] that the questioning of senior clinton aides be restricted .

USAT and the NYT ( in its front-page piece ) note this is Reno 's fourth request for a special prosecutor looking into a Clinton Cabinet officer and the Times adds it 's the sixth one appointed overall during the Clinton administration .
usat and the nyt ( in its front-page piece ) note this is reno 's fourth [ask for] for a special prosecutor looking into a clinton cabinet officer and the times adds it 's the sixth one appointed overall during the clinton administration .

The papers all emphasize , however , that Reno 's request is `` very narrow in scope '' ( the NYT 's words ) .
the papers all emphasize , however , that reno 's [ask for] is `` very narrow in scope '' ( the nyt 's words ) .

The Jones case ruling came , explain the papers , in response to Starr 's even broader request to halt all of the case 's fact-finding in deference to Starr 's criminal investigation .
the jones case ruling came , explain the papers , in response to starr 's even broader [ask for] to halt all of the case 's fact-finding in deference to starr 's criminal investigation .

The editorial endorses President Clinton 's budget request for an additional $ 22 million to combat housing discrimination .
the editorial endorses president clinton 's budget [ask for] for an additional $ 22 million to combat housing discrimination .

The paper effortlessly ticks off several of the scandal 's other new poontangents : a federal judge 's denial of Clinton 's request for a speed-up of the Paula Jones case , another federal judge 's allowing Kenneth Starr to get his hands on a sealed deposition made by the allegedly lipstick-smeared and disheveled Oval Office visitor Kathleen Willey , and the turn-over to Starr of boxes of Jones case materials about yet other women thought linked to Clinton .
the paper effortlessly ticks off several of the scandal 's other new poontangents : a federal judge 's denial of clinton 's [ask for] for a speed-up of the paula jones case , another federal judge 's allowing kenneth starr to get his hands on a sealed deposition made by the allegedly lipstick-smeared and disheveled oval office visitor kathleen willey , and the turn-over to starr of boxes of jones case materials about yet other women thought linked to clinton .

The Washington Post goes with Kenneth Starr 's request that the Supreme Court bypass the ordinary appeals court process and directly decide on an emergency basis whether President Clinton 's White House lawyers and Secret Service agents can be compelled to testify in the Monica Lewinsky investigation .
the washington post goes with kenneth starr 's [ask for] that the supreme court bypass the ordinary appeals court process and directly decide on an emergency basis whether president clinton 's white house lawyers and secret service agents can be compelled to testify in the monica lewinsky investigation .

The way-afterward news came as a result of a Freedom of Information Act request filed by the El Paso Times , the paper in the town where the F-117 was based .
the way-afterward news came as a result of a freedom of information act [ask for] filed by the el paso times , the paper in the town where the f-117 was based .

Leo told Turque that the request to watch over Gore came from Brig .
leo told turque that the [ask for] to watch over gore came from brig .

Leo also told Turque that he never disclosed Cooper 's request to Gore himself , and that he does not believe Gore was ever aware of the arrangement .
leo also told turque that he never disclosed cooper 's [ask for] to gore himself , and that he does not believe gore was ever aware of the arrangement .

Leo says he has no reason to believe these other journalists got the request he did to keep Gore out of danger .
leo says he has no reason to believe these other journalists got the [ask for] he did to keep gore out of danger .

He currently enjoys parliamentary immunity , but parliament would almost certainly suspend it at prosecutorial request .
he currently enjoys parliamentary immunity , but parliament would almost certainly suspend it at prosecutorial [ask for] .

The LAT off-leads with the Supreme Court story , and leads with the ongoing LAPD probe : police officials ' request that charges be filed against three officers .
the lat off-leads with the supreme court story , and leads with the ongoing lapd probe : police officials ' [ask for] that charges be filed against three officers .

In one instance , a department denied a request by the New York Daily News , made under the local Freedom of Information law , for a list of all investigations commenced by an agency in the previous year .
in one instance , a department denied a [ask for] by the new york daily news , made under the local freedom of information law , for a list of all investigations commenced by an agency in the previous year .

In response to Williams ' request for his personal opinion about the flag , Bush just kept reiterating that he thought it was up to `` the people of South Carolina '' to decide .
in response to williams ' [ask for] for his personal opinion about the flag , bush just kept reiterating that he thought it was up to `` the people of south carolina '' to decide .

The Arizona date was hastily scheduled in response to a request from George W. Bush , who missed the first three debates .
the arizona date was hastily scheduled in response to a [ask for] from george w. bush , who missed the first three debates .

Biographical information , press releases , and lengthy legislative accomplishment lists are complemented by intern solicitations and flag request forms .
biographical information , press releases , and lengthy legislative accomplishment lists are complemented by intern solicitations and flag [ask for] forms .

WASHINGTON , D.C. -- History records that the first telephone conversation in 1876 was an urgent request for an in-person meeting .
washington , d.c. -- history records that the first telephone conversation in 1876 was an urgent [ask for] for an in-person meeting .

Presumably this was an inquiry into the possibilities of gun violence and not a request for the sweet release that death can bring from irksome relatives .
presumably this was an inquiry into the possibilities of gun violence and not a [ask for] for the sweet release that death can bring from irksome relatives .

Qualified critics who request money from the NIH to look for viruses are told by NIH bureaucrats that if the virus turns out not to exist , then their study will have been `` of insufficient significance and scientific merit '' and thus not worth doing .
qualified critics who [ask for] money from the nih to look for viruses are told by nih bureaucrats that if the virus turns out not to exist , then their study will have been `` of insufficient significance and scientific merit '' and thus not worth doing .

Usually , the request for volunteers signals the government 's recognition -- or at least suspicion -- that it lacks the legal authority to force industry or others to bend to its will .
usually , the [ask for] for volunteers signals the government 's recognition -- or at least suspicion -- that it lacks the legal authority to force industry or others to bend to its will .

Hill did not accuse Thomas of a single overt request for sex or a single unwelcome touching .
hill did not accuse thomas of a single overt [ask for] for sex or a single unwelcome touching .

Naively assuming that this would be a request for my mailing address and Social Security number , I volunteered to provide this information right then and there , on the phone .
naively assuming that this would be a [ask for] for my mailing address and social security number , i volunteered to provide this information right then and there , on the phone .

A special toughie was the request for my `` Dun & Bradstreet SIC number . ''
a special toughie was the [ask for] for my `` dun & bradstreet sic number . ''

Tucker , you may recall , was the rehabilitated axe murderess whose faith-based request for clemency Bush chose not to grant despite pleas from Pat Robertson ( which paradoxically made him more eager to execute her -- the better to distance himself from the religious right ) .
tucker , you may recall , was the rehabilitated axe murderess whose faith-based [ask for] for clemency bush chose not to grant despite pleas from pat robertson ( which paradoxically made him more eager to execute her -- the better to distance himself from the religious right ) .

The provision was sponsored , at Buffett 's request , by his home state senator , Democrat Bob Kerrey of Nebraska .
the provision was sponsored , at buffett 's [ask for] , by his home state senator , democrat bob kerrey of nebraska .

Her letter to the military newspaper Stars and Stripes , which included a request that `` numerous individuals ask the questions '' about the vaccine 's possible side effects , was viewed by her superiors as a possible incitement to insurrection .
her letter to the military newspaper stars and stripes , which included a [ask for] that `` numerous individuals ask the questions '' about the vaccine 's possible side effects , was viewed by her superiors as a possible incitement to insurrection .

I 'll avoid dwelling on that for now , and skip right to your request -- an explanation of what Daniel Bell means by the post-industrial society .
i 'll avoid dwelling on that for now , and skip right to your [ask for] -- an explanation of what daniel bell means by the post-industrial society .

I recommend the Katharine Hepburn metaphor as a gentle and flattering way to make this request .
i recommend the katharine hepburn metaphor as a gentle and flattering way to make this [ask for] .

If you feel she would n't respond well to your request , then avoid her calls when you can , and when you ca n't , hold the phone far away from your ear .
if you feel she would n't respond well to your [ask for] , then avoid her calls when you can , and when you ca n't , hold the phone far away from your ear .

The Asian Age of India said the Indian government was embarrassed by the Dalai Lama 's request that the karmapa should be granted political asylum in India , because India did not `` want to jeopardise relations with Beijing , which have witnessed a slight thaw in recent months . ''
the asian age of india said the indian government was embarrassed by the dalai lama 's [ask for] that the karmapa should be granted political asylum in india , because india did not `` want to jeopardise relations with beijing , which have witnessed a slight thaw in recent months . ''

Greece is poised to make a new request for the sculptures ' return as part of a deal to coincide with the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens .
greece is poised to make a new [ask for] for the sculptures ' return as part of a deal to coincide with the 2004 olympic games in athens .

It seemed too much to hope for that the list of the 20 th century 's 100 greatest pieces of journalism -- produced this week by the New York University journalism department , at no one 's urgent request -- would actually include The Fate of the Earth .
it seemed too much to hope for that the list of the 20 th century 's 100 greatest pieces of journalism -- produced this week by the new york university journalism department , at no one 's urgent [ask for] -- would actually include the fate of the earth .

The Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung said Wednesday in a front-page editorial that Germany , which has a large Kurdish immigrant population , has damaged both its own constitution and international agreements on terrorism by refusing to request Ocalan 's extradition from Italy last month , when it had an international arrest warrant out on him .
the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung said wednesday in a front-page editorial that germany , which has a large kurdish immigrant population , has damaged both its own constitution and international agreements on terrorism by refusing to [ask for] ocalan 's extradition from italy last month , when it had an international arrest warrant out on him .

Much of my work is with severely disturbed people and requires that I testify in court to request civil commitment .
much of my work is with severely disturbed people and requires that i testify in court to [ask for] civil commitment .

I ca n't think of a way to request this without seeming overly impressed with myself and my degrees .
i ca n't think of a way to [ask for] this without seeming overly impressed with myself and my degrees .

How do I request this politely and without appearing to be a snob ?
how do i [ask for] this politely and without appearing to be a snob ?

You request it in a memo and with an explanation .
you [ask for] it in a memo and with an explanation .

By actually describing the addressee 's future act of leaving the presence of the speaker , the `` off you go '' indicates a request for departure .
by actually describing the addressee 's future act of leaving the presence of the speaker , the `` off you go '' indicates a [ask for] for departure .

An instance might be if he tries the lunch/errands stunt again , simply request that he do his chores without you because your intention was to have lunch .
an instance might be if he tries the lunch/errands stunt again , simply [ask for] that he do his chores without you because your intention was to have lunch .

If he is a super boor and tries to override you , request that he stop the car and let you out .
if he is a super boor and tries to override you , [ask for] that he stop the car and let you out .

If he can not honor your request to keep his feet on the floor , cover the coffee table with some kind of cloth whenever he visits .
if he can not honor your [ask for] to keep his feet on the floor , cover the coffee table with some kind of cloth whenever he visits .

You only use the Internet for a few seconds : the time it takes to send your request to the page 's Web server and for the server to deliver the page to you .
you only use the internet for a few seconds : the time it takes to send your [ask for] to the page 's web server and for the server to deliver the page to you .

The Israeli press , which historically has respected the agency 's request not to probe its workings , splashed these stories across the front pages .
the israeli press , which historically has respected the agency 's [ask for] not to probe its workings , splashed these stories across the front pages .

AAPS 's request for a temporary injunction against Clinton 's health-care task force was rejected by a U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in 1993 , which concluded that more information was needed to determine whether the working group qualified for a FACA exemption .
aaps 's [ask for] for a temporary injunction against clinton 's health-care task force was rejected by a u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit in 1993 , which concluded that more information was needed to determine whether the working group qualified for a faca exemption .

Judge Lamberth says that the appeals court took at face value Magaziner 's `` only federal government employees '' declaration when it ruled against the request for a temporary injunction .
judge lamberth says that the appeals court took at face value magaziner 's `` only federal government employees '' declaration when it ruled against the [ask for] for a temporary injunction .

USPS justified its latest rate request by projecting future losses based on an old debt of almost $ 1.5 billion and the need to invest in new equipment and further automation .
usps justified its latest rate [ask for] by projecting future losses based on an old debt of almost $ 1.5 billion and the need to invest in new equipment and further automation .

The same Wednesday Times contained its usual daily editorial calling for more flamboyant abjection from Clinton , adding that Starr `` correctly rejected '' his lawyer 's request to see the report in advance .
the same wednesday times contained its usual daily editorial calling for more flamboyant abjection from clinton , adding that starr `` correctly rejected '' his lawyer 's [ask for] to see the report in advance .

It failed to note that Starr 's reason for rejecting the request was transparently false .
it failed to note that starr 's reason for rejecting the [ask for] was transparently false .

Gore , she asserts in a lengthy response to a request from Hatch , was raising soft money , which is not covered by the regulation that prohibits solicitations from government buildings .
gore , she asserts in a lengthy response to a [ask for] from hatch , was raising soft money , which is not covered by the regulation that prohibits solicitations from government buildings .

On the one hand , the writings of professional journalists and others who appear in Slate at our request , and get paid for it , are put through an editorial process more or less like that of a traditional paper magazine , which can take several hours to a week or more from manuscript to `` publication . ''
on the one hand , the writings of professional journalists and others who appear in slate at our [ask for] , and get paid for it , are put through an editorial process more or less like that of a traditional paper magazine , which can take several hours to a week or more from manuscript to `` publication . ''

At the British government 's request , the author of this tale was arrested Saturday in France .
at the british government 's [ask for] , the author of this tale was arrested saturday in france .

According to a producer , CBS did not request a waiver .
according to a producer , cbs did not [ask for] a waiver .

The CDA , as most people reading this probably know , attempts to regulate content through criminal penalties for those who violate standards of decency ( standards drawn so broadly that they might prohibit , for instance , David Sedaris ' `` Diary '' from last week ) with `` any comment , request , suggestion , proposal , image , or other communication that , in context , depicts or describes , in terms patently offensive as measured by contemporary standards , sexual or excretory activities or organs . ''
the cda , as most people reading this probably know , attempts to regulate content through criminal penalties for those who violate standards of decency ( standards drawn so broadly that they might prohibit , for instance , david sedaris ' `` diary '' from last week ) with `` any comment , [ask for] , suggestion , proposal , image , or other communication that , in context , depicts or describes , in terms patently offensive as measured by contemporary standards , sexual or excretory activities or organs . ''

The Supreme Court rejected independent counsel Ken Starr 's request to resolve whether Clinton aide Bruce Lindsey and Secret Service employees must answer questions in the Monica Lewinsky investigation .
the supreme court rejected independent counsel ken starr 's [ask for] to resolve whether clinton aide bruce lindsey and secret service employees must answer questions in the monica lewinsky investigation .

Ambassador Bill Richardson told senators it was `` very normal '' for him to interview Lewinsky personally for a low-level job at the request of a White House aide .
ambassador bill richardson told senators it was `` very normal '' for him to interview lewinsky personally for a low-level job at the [ask for] of a white house aide .

The request was a response to increasing complaints by frequent fliers who say they are too often told they ca n't redeem their miles to go where they want..
the [ask for] was a response to increasing complaints by frequent fliers who say they are too often told they ca n't redeem their miles to go where they want..

In September , growers trooped to Capitol Hill to request continued indulgence .
in september , growers trooped to capitol hill to [ask for] continued indulgence .

USA Today leads with Janet Reno 's request that a federal commission study the legality of taking DNA samples from every person arrested in the U.S. , as opposed to the current practice of taking them only from those convicted of violent crimes and sex offenses .
usa today leads with janet reno 's [ask for] that a federal commission study the legality of taking dna samples from every person arrested in the u.s. , as opposed to the current practice of taking them only from those convicted of violent crimes and sex offenses .

Seems a federal court jury awarded $ 700,000 ( later reduced to $ 300,000 ) to a United Airlines employee when she suffered a breakdown after three years on the night shift and United turned down her request to switch to days .
seems a federal court jury awarded $ 700,000 ( later reduced to $ 300,000 ) to a united airlines employee when she suffered a breakdown after three years on the night shift and united turned down her [ask for] to switch to days .

The Wall Street Journal reports that Warner Bros. has refused a request from the Marines to use a clip from its movie `` Full Metal Jacket '' in a training CD-ROM about how to survive sniper attacks .
the wall street journal reports that warner bros. has refused a [ask for] from the marines to use a clip from its movie `` full metal jacket '' in a training cd-rom about how to survive sniper attacks .

One sign that there really is light now at the end of the impeachment tunnel is that according to USAT , the House managers expect to lose on their request for live testimony .
one sign that there really is light now at the end of the impeachment tunnel is that according to usat , the house managers expect to lose on their [ask for] for live testimony .

The papers flag another developing witness issue : the House managers have urged the Senate to ask Clinton to voluntarily testify , a request the White House has already rebuffed .
the papers flag another developing witness issue : the house managers have urged the senate to ask clinton to voluntarily testify , a [ask for] the white house has already rebuffed .

The WP header combines form and substance with `` Prosecutors Lay Out Clinton 's 'Scheme ' '' running over a reference to their request for witnesses .
the wp header combines form and substance with `` prosecutors lay out clinton 's 'scheme ' '' running over a reference to their [ask for] for witnesses .

The story is accompanied by a box of tips , including : always buckle up ( hitting that partition with your head is a leading cause of passenger injuries ) and always request a receipt ( most receipts give the cab 's number ) .
the story is accompanied by a box of tips , including : always buckle up ( hitting that partition with your head is a leading cause of passenger injuries ) and always [ask for] a receipt ( most receipts give the cab 's number ) .

The dramatic court fight over just how secret the Secret Service is supposed to be -- going today to the desk of Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist at the request of the DOJ -- leads at USA Today and the Washington Post .
the dramatic court fight over just how secret the secret service is supposed to be -- going today to the desk of supreme court chief justice william rehnquist at the [ask for] of the doj -- leads at usa today and the washington post .

The WP lead says Starr was seeking the sample from Bethesda Naval Hospital and that Clinton 's lawyer did n't oppose the request .
the wp lead says starr was seeking the sample from bethesda naval hospital and that clinton 's lawyer did n't oppose the [ask for] .

Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist has rejected a request by a group of minority lawyers for a meeting to discuss the dearth of minorities selected as Court law clerks , the USAT front says .
supreme court chief justice william rehnquist has rejected a [ask for] by a group of minority lawyers for a meeting to discuss the dearth of minorities selected as court law clerks , the usat front says .

The NYT and WP quote State sources claiming that even if Bushnell 's request had been honored , the completion of a new embassy would have taken years , and hence the U.S. would have still occupied the old one at the time of the bombing .
the nyt and wp quote state sources claiming that even if bushnell 's [ask for] had been honored , the completion of a new embassy would have taken years , and hence the u.s. would have still occupied the old one at the time of the bombing .

Talking about ( or in ) clichés , a columnist in The Independent recently commented on No problem : Why , she quoted a friend , when I ask for a pint , should the barman feel it necessary to reassure me that I am not making an unreasonable request ?
talking about ( or in ) clichés , a columnist in the independent recently commented on no problem : why , she quoted a friend , when i ask for a pint , should the barman feel it necessary to reassure me that i am not making an unreasonable [ask for] ?

The response No problem is probably intended as a sincere expression of willingness to serve , but it comes across as a polite way of saying , I do n't really mind your having taken up my valuable time coping with the mentally and physically taxing demands imposed by your overbearing , though trivial request , because I am an accommodating , thoughtful person paid to occupy myself with major decisions concerning issues of earthshaking consequence , with but do n't let it happen again implied .
the response no problem is probably intended as a sincere expression of willingness to serve , but it comes across as a polite way of saying , i do n't really mind your having taken up my valuable time coping with the mentally and physically taxing demands imposed by your overbearing , though trivial [ask for] , because i am an accommodating , thoughtful person paid to occupy myself with major decisions concerning issues of earthshaking consequence , with but do n't let it happen again implied .

A close second is the request not to hold it up against me -- does this refer to a grudge or the fitting of a suit ?
a close second is the [ask for] not to hold it up against me -- does this refer to a grudge or the fitting of a suit ?

Is this looking the means by which the boy may be induced to request the girl 's company on the dance floor ?
is this looking the means by which the boy may be induced to [ask for] the girl 's company on the dance floor ?

When I request a discount to which I am entitled owing to my advanced age , I ask for the fogy discount or rate .
when i [ask for] a discount to which i am entitled owing to my advanced age , i ask for the fogy discount or rate .

When in England , I request the rate for wrinklies and delight in watching people squirm .
when in england , i [ask for] the rate for wrinklies and delight in watching people squirm .

A controller , knowing that B1 had called but not sure what the request had been , replied B1 , Ground , Go Ahead and then proceeded to talk to aircraft while waiting for a reply .
a controller , knowing that b1 had called but not sure what the [ask for] had been , replied b1 , ground , go ahead and then proceeded to talk to aircraft while waiting for a reply .

The 336 Captain resisted this instruction by having his copilot radio to ask for permission to continue landing , but he switched from technical aviation jargon to ordinary English and used the word hold to express this request .
the 336 captain resisted this instruction by having his copilot radio to ask for permission to continue landing , but he switched from technical aviation jargon to ordinary english and used the word hold to express this [ask for] .

The features of the old , old woman who had opened the door of the farmhouse half way up the mountain and who had answered my polite request for a few eggs and some milk with a steady flow of Welsh , remained blank .
the features of the old , old woman who had opened the door of the farmhouse half way up the mountain and who had answered my polite [ask for] for a few eggs and some milk with a steady flow of welsh , remained blank .

We have a few copies left of House Names which we shall sent to any North Americans who send in a request accompanied by $ 1 to cover our costs .
we have a few copies left of house names which we shall sent to any north americans who send in a [ask for] accompanied by $ 1 to cover our costs .

